The Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN), has called on President Muhammadu Buhari, to issue Executive Order on Judicial autonomy, in order to compel the state government to allow the judicial arm at the state level operate independently. In a communique issued after its National Executive Council (NEC) meeting in Abuja, the union urged President Buhari to ensure full implementation of financial autonomy of states judiciaries across the states of the country. The communique was signed by JUSUN President, Comrade Marwan Mustapha Adamu and the General Secretary, Comrade Isaiah Adetola. On the crisis in Nasarawa State, the union has also issued a two-week ultimatum to the governor of the state, Abdullahi Sule, to resolve  the lingering industrial dispute in the state judiciary over illegal deduction of workers salaries in High Court or face total shut down in the state judiciary. $50bn illicit outflow remains Africa’s big challenge ― Kenya VP The communique, issued after the emergency NEC meeting of the union described as unacceptable the sacking and subsequent reinstatement with stringent conditions, of its 21 members by the state Judicial Service Commission (JSC). Also,  the NEC put in place  a three-member committee headed by the national legal adviser, Comrade Mohmud Amin, national assistant secretary Saidu Magaji, (as the secretary), and Comrade Jimoh Musa Alonge, the national treasurer to interface with governmnor Abdullahi Sule,  based on his intervention to resolve the crisis in the state judiciary. Trustfund Pensions tasks youths on saving culture Makinde, Tambuwal to grace NUP national conference in Ibadan Textile and garment sector to generate  2.5 million jobs —… As Sunmonu curses leaders who betray workers, Nigerians The committee is under the supervision of the National President, Comrade Marwan Mustapha Adamu, with the mandate to shut down the Nasarawa State judiciary at the expiration of the two weeks ultimatum. The union also commended the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and the Trade Union Congress (TUC) in the state for their efforts by taking over the matter. The communique also reads in part: “The NEC in session commends the leadership of the Organised Labour in the country for the successful conclusion of negotiation on the consequential adjustment of the national minimum wage and urges all state governors and other appropriate authorities to implement same. “NEC in Session called on President Muhammadu Buhari to ensure the full implementation of the financial autonomy of the states judiciaries. “NEC in Session condemns and rejects the conditional re-instatement of our members by the Judicial Service Commission of Nasarawa State headed by the Chief Judge, Hon. Justice Suleman Umaru Dikko, despite the intervention of the executive governor of Nasarawa State, Abdullahi A. Sule, and the Emir of Lafia, Muhammad Dauda Sidi Bage, and further request that the Chief Judge should not preside or take part in the JSC meetings whenever JUSUN matter is being discussed because he is an interested party in the matter. “NEC in Session also condemns the omission and illegal deduction of salaries of JUSUN members in Sokoto State by the Salary Harmonization Committee set up by the Sokoto State Government and therefore, urged the State Government to as a matter of urgency do the needful in order to avoid industrial disharmony in the state.” “NEC in Session also frowns at the unconstitutional dissolution of the Judicial Service Commission members in Cross River State and the inauguration of new members when the tenure of the dissolved members has not expired as they have served only less than two (2) years”.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.