AIR France/KLM has announced plans to increase its capacity by +2.5 per cent year-over-year for the 2019-2020 winter season beginning from October 27, 2019 to March 28, 2020. The two-in-one mega carrier will also during the period be offering 32 new routes. The increase which is distributed as follows indicated +4 per cent on the long-haul network, -2 per cent on the medium-haul and short-haul networks with -1.9 per cent for Transavia. On its long-haul network, the Air France-KLM Group is increasing capacity by 4 per cent, particularly to the Americas and Asia with Air France and to India with KLM. The Group is offering five new routes and several additional frequencies compared to the previous winter season with one new flight from Paris-Charles de Gaulle with Air France to Quito (Ecuador) and four  new flights from Amsterdam-Schiphol with KLM: Boston (USA), Las Vegas (USA), Liberia (Costa Rica) and Bangalore (India). NAMA trains personnel to man Air Navigation Planning unit Five years of Air Peace: A ray of hope for Nigeria’s… Nigeria’s airports are underdeveloped, grossly underutilised… British Airways rewards Nigerian agents with trip to London Buhari south-east development policies will attract more Igbos to APC The planned increase which has not exempted Africa however did not include Nigeria but included Kenya where the the airline group will be increasing service to Nairobi with two additional flights just as it is increasing seat capacity by +9 per cent to Abdjan, Côte d’Ivoire, an additional flight to N’Djamena, Chad with increase in its flight and offer of a. Daily flight each to Brazzaville and Kinshasa, in Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo respectively. In the United States, while KLM is operating flights during the winter season for the first time to two new destinations: three weekly flights from Amsterdam-Schiphol to Boston and three weekly flights to Las Vegas, continuing services from the summer season, Air France is also operating four additional weekly flights to Washington D.C. from Paris-Charles de Gaulle (for a total of 11 weekly flights). In Canada, Air France’s Airbus A350-900, which joined the fleet this September, is flying to Toronto throughout the winter season. The company is also increasing the number of services to Montreal with one additional weekly flight (for a total of 14 weekly flights).  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.