It has been observed that many Nigerians believe travelling out of the country is a quick way to making success. Despite the untold hardship that they face in a foreign land, most of them would rather stay abroad than come back home. Oluwaseun Raheem went to town to gather divergent views ,why they believe travelling abroad is the solution.  DR. Joseph Adegbite, a scholar From experience garnered over the years and having lived in U.K for over 12 years, I believe that the case of making it in life is personal. Travelling outside the country doesn’t define success. I think achievement of success depends on an individual’s life goals. For me, I was making it big in Nigeria and as of age 18, I was riding a car even before I decided to explore the U.K for academic purposes. I cherish the educational standard of some countries like U.S and U.K but there’s no magic for making it there. You can be there and make it and you may be in Nigeria and be highly successful. It all depends on your life pursuit. For me, establishing oneself in Nigeria is much better than settling abroad. I could have stayed but decided not to because of cultural-diversity issues. The fact that I’m among my relatives here in Nigeria creates in me, the feelings of security unlike the U.K where your neighbour may not know you for six years. You are just completely on-your-own.  Dada Hannah, a lecturer In fact, I do not have a keen interest travelling outside Nigeria. There are some of my pals who are so much bent on travelling abroad. I must say that people determine their own Success. Despite the economic instability in Nigeria, at least there are multi-millionaires. There are many people who travel abroad only to do dirty jobs and hereafter squander all the money they earned on reckless living, without little or no savings to enhance their lives hence, living a stagnated life. Once you lack direction in life, success would be unachievable either here in Nigeria or outside. The only reason I might travel outside Nigeria, peradventure the opportunity comes is based on education. As regards settling down abroad, it makes no sense to me. If everyone leaves Nigeria, who would stay? I believe we need endurance and co-operation with the government to make Nigeria a better and safe a place for everyone to live and enjoy. I only urge governments at all levels to spend more towards re-jigging the educational sector.  Stephen Ojo, a student I strongly believe that success can be achieved anywhere regardless of location. All one needs is focus. As regards settling outside the country, I see no big deal in that. I’m versatile. Everyone aspires for something great. I would so much prefer staying abroad with my family but to be visiting Nigeria probably once in a while. I wouldn’t abandon my family and people. I want to tour round leading countries in the world and make exciting visitations across the borders of this country.  Senator Ubah calls for sustainable peace in Anambra… Support Nigeria culture, tradition to promote peace ―… Why Nigerians should no longer travel abroad for orthopaedic… IYC urges Lyon to include opposition in his govt Opeyemi Oyewole, a teacher The definition of success is far beyond travelling outside Nigeria. I believe success could be achieved without necessarily travelling abroad. Many Nigerians without clear-cut goals who manage to travel out of the country end up being deported back. To achieve success even while outside the country, should have spelt-out visions and goals, which should be one’s pursuit, either short or long term. I don’t concur to the idea of travelling out because in a way, the cost of living of some countries like U.k is high. In terms of bills to pay, electricity bills, house bills, telephone bills and a whole lots more. The only opportunity I think we as Nigerians have is that the exchange rate of U.S dollars or other monies is high when converted to Nigerian currency. Their monies carry higher value than ours and it is better to come back to Nigeria to establish oneself.  Samuel Gabriel, a student I strongly believe that divine direction stimulates success. I love my country and not all that glitter is gold anyway. One could decide to travel out but if God didn’t permit, all would be in vain. So for me, I need to hear from God to decide whether or not to stay in Nigeria. I’m so particular about the will of God. Wherever he leads me I will go. For me, divine direction is key in settling down in a particular place and that for me drives success.  Olagoke Christopher, a business man You can only be a successful man or woman with a purpose driven attitude. Whether you are in Nigeria or U.S or Canada doesn’t really matter. What matters is your commitment to your purpose and in no time, you can become successful. Having travelled to Dubai, I think the only benefit we have as Nigerians overseas are opportunities made available to make money and likewise attend standard institutions of learning. It is a resonable endeavour to travel out, make money and invest wisely. To me, I see nothing bad living there so far I have the wherewithal to survive.  Grace Ajayi, a theologian There is nothing bad in travelling out to make a living. I believe wisdom is the principal thing for success. You could be successful in and outside Nigeria. But why do you want to be a slave in another man’s country? Nigeria is a blessed country. She only needs to maximize or harness her resources effectively. Well, I might decide to settle overseas in the nearest future if situation so demands, but presently, I prefer my own country and wants to make meaningful contribution towards making it worth living in. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!