There was a peaceful protest at the Headquarters of the Department of State Services (DSS) in Abuja on Saturday over the continued detention of #RevolutionNow convener, Comrade Omoyele Sowore despite a valid Court for his release The posters led by the Rights activist, Deji Adeyanju, in the company of Sowore’s lawyer and others stormed the Yellow House DSS headquarters in the early hours of Saturday to express their displeasure of his continue detention against a valid court order and having met his bail condition The protesters who staged a peaceful demonstration in front of the DSS Headquarters later sat on the ground and were seen chanting solidarity songs in support of Sowore Comrade Adeyanju stated that the DSS operatives have refused to release Sowore to him or his lawyer since all the conditions for his release had been met. All efforts to speak with the Spokesperson of the Service, Dr Peter Afunanya on the matter proved abortive as there was no response from his end from calls put through to him. However, Dr Afunanya had in a statement on Friday night confirmed that the receipt of the Court Order for the release of the detained Comrade Omoyele Sowore, the publisher of Sahara Reporters and the Candidate of the AAC in the last Presidential election but that nobody has come to pick him. Propertymart assures residents of Citiview Estate of… MKO Abiola’s doctor, Ore Falomo, is dead Fayemi was not denied US visa ― NGF Buhari mourns Falomo, late Abiola’s doctor ALSO READ: Germany marks 30th anniversary of the Berlin Wall’s fall He explained that the Service as a law-abiding Agency had properly briefed the Court on this development and that steps were being taken to ensure compliance with the Order for accountability. The statement reads, “the Department of State Services (DSS) wishes to confirm that it has received the Court Order for the release of Omoyele Sowre “It is important that the public notes that since the receipt of the Order, no person has turned up at the DSS to take delivery of him. This becomes imperative for reasons of accountability “However, the Court has been properly briefed on this development and the steps being taken to ensure compliance with its Order “The Service, under the leadership of Yusuf Magaji Bichi (fwc), as the Director-General, is not a lawless organization and will never obstruct justice or disobey Court Orders. It, therefore, affirms that it will do all that is needful once the appropriate processes have been concluded”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.