The Amalgamated Union of Foodstuffs and Cattle Dealers of Nigeria has raised an alarm over multiple taxations from illegal gangs in some parts of the country. It’s National President, Alhaji Taheer Ibrahim, told journalists in Abuja on Tuesday that the multiple taxations had led to hike in prices of some commodities which ought not to be. He said such practices were severe in Benue, Plateau, Nasarawa, Kogi, Taraba, Cross River, Enugu, Anambra, Imo, Abia and Ebonyi states. ALSO READ:7,453 Nasarawa state students benefit from over N93m bursary – Official According to him, there are instances that its members were beaten while transporting goods to different parts of the country. “We want to inform the world of the widespread harassment of the members of the Amalgamated Union of Foodstuffs and Cattle Dealers all over the country by illegal gangs. “Their mode of operation is that they disguise as private revenue collectors for some state and local governments; their habits are to mount roadblocks in the night and demand for taxes and levies from our members under severe duress. Kwara customs generates N1.27b, seized goods worth N25.4m in… N14bn NEPZA diverted funds to NSEZCO still with CBN ― Trade… Our 2020 budget, renewal of hope ― Bauchi commissioner Reps approve inclusion of fund for rehabilitation of Anambra… “We have had incidences where our members were beaten to a state of stupor by the illegal gangs; we believe the rampant defiance of good conduct by the gangs who claim to have been outsourced for revenue collection by states and local governments is contrary to all laws of the land. “The multiple taxations for a truckload of cattle often amount to about N450, 000, which is higher than the transportation cost of N330, 000,” he said. Ibrahim said that the union had reported the cases to the Inspector General of Police, Ministers of Agriculture and Labour to stop the menace, adding that its members would not hesitate to withdraw their services if nothing was done about the matter. He said that the lawful conduct of all would ensure that consumer goods were supplied to Nigerians at affordable prices and for the general well being of the country. Earlier, Mr Emmanuel Ugboaja, Secretary-General, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), expressed concern over the matter, urging states and local governments to streamline their revenue collection methods to ensure transparency. According to him, it is important for the tiers of government to check excesses of illegal roadblocks in guise for revenue collection, pledging NLC’s commitment to helping to stem the tide. “There is no need for the tiers of government to pretend that this issue is not happening, the unions have said severally that they are not averse to tax payments, but this must be according to the law.” NAN. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.