The 21 Commissioner-nominees recently screened and cleared by the Gombe State House of Assembly are to be inaugurated by the State Governor, Muhammad Inuwa Yahaya tomorrow, Saturday, 9th November 2019. A statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Media and Publicity contained that he Governor will also swear-in all recently appointed Special Advisers and Permanent Secretaries. The swearing-in ceremony will take place at the Pantami Stadium,  Gombe. ALSO READ: Fayemi presents N124.7b 2020 Ekiti budget estimate Fayemi presents N124.7b 2020 Ekiti budget estimate Reps probe utilisation of multi-billion dollar accrued to… Why Osinbajo’s aides were sacked ― Presidency Kogi: Bello is a stabilizer of peace, proponent of… It will be recalled that the Governor had preparatory to the inauguration, hosted a retreat for all the Commissioners- designate, Special Advisers and Permanent Secretaries to keep them abreast and up to speed with the vision and policy direction of his administration. Meanwhile, Governor Muhammad Inuwa Yahaya has approved the constitution of board and appointed members for Gombe State Transport Company Limited (Gombe Line). This is in line with the Governor’s earlier proclamation that Gombe state transport service operates as a fully registered Limited liability company as incorporated by the Corporate Affairs Commission and provided for in the companies and allied matters Act, 2004. It is also in line with the Governor’s determination to entrench sound governance policies and practices that will enhance transparency,  accountability and profitability in the services and operations of the transport company. The board consists of : Comrade Danladi Bako – Chairman, Alhaji Muhammadu Allajiyel – Member, Engineer Felix Gambo – Member, Alhaji Lamrana Bose -Member, Mr. Barnabas S. Maspara – Member, Alhaji Ado Gabbanni – Member, Alhaji Buba Sharu – Member, all the appointments take immediate effect. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.