Primate of the Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion), Most Reverend Nicholas  Okoh, has said that though Nigeria has experienced events capable of dividing and destroying the country, it has survived and continues to survive because of God’s intervention. He also said the church had gone through its own share of attacks aimed at not only to destroy it, but also to damage the faith of believers in Christ. Speaking at the annual Divine Commonwealth Conference held at the National Christian Centre, Abuja, recently, Okoh said the church continues to face attacks from herdsmen, gunmen and bandits but God is fighting the battle for the church. “In this world of uncertainties and unpredictable changes, both in people and nature, the only safe refuge is to cling to the unchanging God,” he said. Senator Ubah calls for sustainable peace in Anambra… Support Nigeria culture, tradition to promote peace ―… Why Nigerians should no longer travel abroad for orthopaedic… IYC urges Lyon to include opposition in his govt Okoh called on delegates of this year’s conference, Nigerians and the leaders of the nation to trust in God alone, walk in obedience to His word, and He will send help to His people. According to him, “kingdoms may wax and wane, nations may rise and fall, we may grow, blossom and die, but God is immortal, timeless and ageless. He is God, our help in ages past, our hope for years to come, and our eternal home.” Also at the conference, the primate-elect who is also the Archbishop of Jos  Province, Most Reverend Henry Ndukuba, pointed out that everyone is in need of help regardless of their social standing, adding that where one seeks help and where one gets help matters. He however added that long-lasting help could only come from God, saying that Christians should call on God to help Nigeria, a country that is fast becoming a state where all sorts of evil abound. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!