THE National Broadcasting Commission of Nigeria (NBC)  has restated that plans are underway to begin analogue switch-off in six localities, starting with Abuja next year. The commission also announced that the Federal Government will issue a new timeline and schedule for the Digital Switch Over. Speaking at the 72nd General Assembly of Nigerian Broadcasting Organisation in Lagos, last week, the General Manager, NBC, Mallam Modibo Kawu,  who was represented by the Director of Investigation and Law Enforcement, Ojone Otonoku, stated that the other areas that would be deactivated were Kaduna, Enugu., Jos, Ilorin and Osogbo. Obasanjo arrives Benue to lay foundation for Catholic Church special school Samoa to host ITU’s global Girls in ICT Day 2020… Nigeria must develop ICT sector for economic growth… Bells University students develop software to computerise… CcHub, TASUED unveil EdTech COE in Ijebu-Ode “Abuja has been earmarked for a pilot switch off by the beginning of next year. To this end a field strength measurement survey has been completed by the Digiteam. Areas where gap fillers are needed to ensure digital signal gets to at least 95 per cent of the population have been identified,” Zones where it is necessary to fill the gaps so that the digital signal reaches at least 95% of the population have been identified,” declared Kawu. To recall, Nigeria missed three deadlines in its complete conversion from analogue to digital television due to allegations of nepotism and embezzlement. The DG indicated that online portal options and unstructured additional service data had been created for the renewal of the direct access fee and the payment for PVOD services. He added that planning for the implementation of the audience measurement had also started with the advertising of sponsors.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.