Consensus by experts at the 2019 International Day of Radiology was that prevention and treatment of sporting injury in Nigeria was greatly hindered by many challenges, including medical quackery. The symposium was organised by Association of Radiology in Nigeria (ARIN), in conjunction with the Department of Radiology, University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan. Professor Temitope Alonge, a consultant orthopaedic surgeon, said even when individuals undergo sporting activities to keep fit or for medical reasons, misdiagnosis of sport-related injuries and its late presentation, because it is not disabling, could make them debilitating. Professor Alonge said often, sports injuries arising from pleasure, health or business, occur when individuals do not keep fit, He listed common sport-related injuries to include hamstring strain, concussion, golf elbow, torn cartilage, shoulder injury and groin strain. NASS moves to amend 1999 Constitution to increase presidential powers Dr Oyinlola Odusanya, Oyo State Chairman, Nigerian Society of Physiotherapists even sport is a source of enjoyment and employment, but when an injury occurs, lack of medical care insurance in Nigerian sport and a dearth of well-trained professionals could be a problem. Odusanya said when sport-related injuries occur because of investigations and surgical management of injuries is very expensive, many athletes end up patronising quacks because of their poor educational level. Therapeutic fasting  can regulate high  blood pressure WHO, UNICEF partner to end measles in Ekiti NURHI 2 supports PHC with equipment,  educational materials Exposure to traffic exhaust may cause stroke Odusanya, a deputy director in physiotherapy, declared, “They always want a quick solution. They do not want to go through the normal rehabilitation process because they think it is long and tedious. “Poor remuneration and poor standard of living also negates the principle of injury prevention in terms of rest, hydration and good nutrition.” Dr Odusanya, however, recommended enforcement of laws on medical insurance for professional clubs, athletes and all other sports professionals, provision of training for health professionals into sports medicine. He canvassed regular health counselling for athletes on the proper channel of treatment and rehabilitation of sports injuries. Dr Atinuke Agunloye, a consultant radiologist, said challenges of sports imaging, such as high-end equipment needs and the dearth of dedicated training for radiologists for musculoskeletal injury was not peculiar to Nigeria. She stated that sporting imaging is not just for diagnosis, but also for screening of patients to rule out any existing asymptomatic injuries athletes are enrolled or carry out any sporting activity. Dr Akunloye, however, called for identification of the most prevalent sports injury in Nigeria with a view to fully understanding them and the required treatment. Earlier, ARIN’s Chairman, Dr Godwin Ogbole said sports imaging, the years’ theme for the celebration was a new field, following the recognition of the uniqueness of injuries managed in this area.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!