The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Minister of State, Dr (Mrs.) Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu has threatened that undeveloped plots in all the resettlement sites may stand the risk of revocation to pave way for speedy development in various sites across the Territory. She, therefore, assured that the FCT administration would not jettison the resettlement scheme, despite seemingly challenges being faced, stressing that the vision of President Muhammadu Bahari’s administration is to embark on the completion of all abandoned and ongoing projects. A statement issued and signed by her Special Assistant on Media, Mr Austine Elemue, and made available to newsmen, on Friday in Abuja, said the minister gave this threat at Shere Galuwyi Resettlement site while on tour of facilities in Bwari Area of the territory, just as she called on allottees to commence development. ALSO READ: Mining potentials: FG to partner states for economic growth Also, the minister has directed the Satellite Towns Development Department (STDD) to evolve measures that would fast track completion of Mpape and Shere-Galuwyi road project. Mining potentials: FG to partner states for economic growth ICPC seizes 44 properties worth N14.7b from 32 companies Gombe SSG congratulates new Gombe State Students Association… NDLEA arrests 24 suspected drug dealers in Anambra She affirmed that the Mpape, Shere and Galuwyi road was one of the major satellite roads that if completed would boost the economic life of Bwari residents and FCT as a whole while regretting that the project that had started in 2006, has not reached the appreciable stage. Speaking further on the Galuwyi resettlement site, the minister called on Directors of Resettlement Department and Satellite Towns Development Department to synergise and come up with processes that would provide the enabling environment for the people to move in. “All the people that have allocations in Galuwyi should hasten up work on them, by doing so more developmental projects will come. But if they are having some challenges they should channel them to us.” “Economic life of these people that will stay in this place must be taken into consideration. So all the Secretariat should do the needful for us to have headway here. Nobody will be happy to pack in here without the basic social amenities on ground” she said. While at Bwari Area Council Secretariat, the Chairman of the council, Honourable John Gabaya, called on the youths to embrace peace, stressing that the FCT administration would only attract developments to the council in an atmosphere of peace. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.