Good Gospel Playlist knows good gospel music. Those who enjoy musical worship on the highest level are drawn to the artists that have come from the Christ Embassy’s fold. Pastor Chris Oyakhilome knows how to find musicians and nurture their talents. LoveWorld artists are so grateful for the opportunities that Pastor Chris gives them.  The Lima Awards are held annually to honor the best musicians in the gospel business. The show that is put on has millions of fans watching through the multiple streaming channels online. Good Gospel Playlist has referenced the multi impactful styles of gospel music. Pastor Chris has recognized music’s ability to penetrate the soul of the listener. As a relevant evangelist, he has used the talents of these musical ministers to great effects. Many genres of the Gospel From the fold of Pastor Chris,, there are many artists that harness a multitude of genres. From the performances at LIMA, we saw many types of crossover ministrations. The songs performed at LIMA would make an interesting compilation of good gospel music. On Good Gospel Playlist they referred to two distinctive elements found in gospel music namely praise songs and worship songs. What is exciting about the tracks performed at LIMA 2019 is the fusion of these two elements. Pastor Ose Oyakhilome asked if we were ready for a ‘Holy Ghost dance party’ and some artists gave use danceable songs where everyone was on their feet swaying to the beat. Samsong had everyone dancing to his tune ‘E Da Work’. The work is worshiping God and Samsong knows how to get his congregation up. Incorporating affirmations into a song adds a whole new dimension to the song. Pastor Chris gives us teachings that are pertinent and timely. In the examination of the LIMA artist’s lyrics, there are references to God’s work. Testimony Jaga and his Gospel Street Crew gave us a praise song that was on another level. Pastor Chris identified the height of the ministry. As Testimony prostrated himself the congregation was held in awe. Hotter than fire PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens As this show was tipped to be hotter than fire Good Gospel Playlist got to grips with which songs were more contemplative in nature. The meditative qualities of Password earned him the prize ‘Best Newcomer‘and from his performance, we look forward to seeing how his musical ministry develops. His collaboration with True South showed how soul and rap can fuse together to get us ready for the rapture. Their celebration is for all time as they have so many amazing victories. Pastor Chris says that the music is for God and as he a champion of champions he has selected some of the best artists who are committed to putting the gospel in their music. If you want to transform lives you have to write music that is instructive and shows us a part of the Kingdom of God. He knows that his artists are world-class, putting something into the world that God doesn’t want to change it. Songs for all time These performances will remain with us for a very long time. Joe Praize’s performance at LIMA 2019 is one such song. It is one of the most uplifting songs of all time. You get the sense of the overflowing joy of the rhapsody when he sings. He feels every blessing that has been bestowed on him. This is an eternal message that God wishes us to hear and a perfect reminder that Pastor Chris declared November to be the ‘Month Of Blessings’. When Sharon Oyakhilome a.k.a CSO opened her set with that simple declaration that God favors her and gives her grace we listened. Her voice is as pure as the love he has for this talented songbird. Agent Snypa delivers that same message with a rap beat to compliment CSO. She has worked with many of the best singers that have been brought to us by Pastor Chris. One of the best of the best is Sinach. She has written hundreds of songs over the years and her lyrical devotions have made her someone who leads inspiring worship. She led the choir during LIMA 2019 and each note she sang was heartfelt. She releases the glory of the light on all of those who listen. We feel the abundance of favor and blessing that take over us when she ministers. She will be at the top of many a Good Gospel Playlist for years to come. She is one of the finest artists in Pastor Chris Oyakhilome’s musical ministry. What is exciting is that more artists are emerging all the time and we will continue to be enthralled by their collaborations and performances. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!