Police in Anambra State, has arrested a suspected murderer, Mr.Chizoba Nwoye, age 29, who allegedly killed a tricycle operator, popularly known as Keke Napepp, late Mr Dumebi Oforkansi, age 25, while in service. SP Haruna Mohammed, the Police Command Public Relation Officer, while disclosing the ungodly act in a statement to newsmen in Awka, on Thursday, said the deceased corpse buried inside the Bush was recovered by men of the Command and that the accomplice has been declared wanted. According to him, it would be recalled that on the 2/10/2019, a Keke Rider one Dumebi Oforkansi ‘m’ aged 25 years of Ubarunisionye village, Nando in Anambra East LGA was kidnapped by unknown persons and taken away along with his tricycle (Keke)while operating it for commercial purpose. ALSO READ: Sokoto govt grants amnesty to 8,000 ghost workers He said, following the report, Police operatives attached to the Command State Intelligence Bureau (SIB)swung into action and arrested one Chizoba Nwoye ‘m’ aged 29years of Achalla-agu village Nteje in Oyi LGA of the state, who confessed that himself and one EZENNIA NWEKE ‘m’ alias ‘ABADA” aged about 25 years of Achalla-Agu allegedly conspired and killed the victim, buried the corpse inside the bush along Achalla-agu Nando road and made away with his Keke. Anambra community protest traditional ruler’s… Gunmen kill policeman, abduct 3 Chinese nationals in Osun Police recover decomposed body of 65-year-old medical doctor… Police arrest vigilante member for allegedly killing man in… “Consequently, the suspect led a team of Police detectives to the scene where the victim was buried in a shallow grave and his decomposing body was exhumed, certified by a medical doctor in the presence of the deceased parents who equally identified the clothes he wore. Thereafter, the body was photographed and released to the deceased father for proper burial. “Meanwhile, the snatched Keke was recovered from one Anthony Charles alias ‘Walter’ ‘m’ aged 27 years from Ebonyi State, also arrested. However, the principal accomplice one EZENNIA NWEKE alias (Abada) ‘m’ aged about 25 years of Achalla-agu,Nteje in Oyi LGA who allegedly conspired with Chizoba Nwoye to perpetrate the dastardly act is still on the run in order to evade arrest and was subsequently declared wanted by the Police. He said case under investigation after which both the murder suspects and the receiver would be charged to court for prosecution. ” The Command enjoins indigenes and residents alike with useful information about the whereabouts of Ezennia Nweke to contact the nearest Police Station/formations or call the Police emergency number 07039194332 for prompt action. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!