Gombe state Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has disclosed that measures have been put in place by his APC led administration to address some of the inherited and identified challenges, including declaration of a ‘state of emergency’ in the health sector to tackle issues around Maternal, Newborn and Child Health and others, in addition to payment of all counterpart funding obligations with Development partners. The Governor made the disclosure when he visited the Deputy Secretary-General of the UN, Amina Mohammed after having a successful and fruitful engagement with Bill and Melinda Gates and Aliko Dangote Foundations on health and human capital development in Seattle, Washington. ALSO READ: Kogi election: Court slates Nov 21 to hear suit challenging Bello’s eligibility Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya who is reported to be undertaking a working visit in the United Nations Headquarters in New York on Friday met and held discussions with the Deputy Secretary-General,  Hajiya Amina Mohammed and other UN officials. During the meeting as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the Governor, the Governor outlined the key priorities of his administration and sought for enhanced partnership and support, especially in areas of health, education and Agriculture. Kogi election: Court slates Nov 21 to hear suit challenging… Delta election: Okowa floors Ogboru as court affirms… Multiple accident claims live of motorcyclists, others… BREAKING: WAEC releases Nov/Dec 2019 examination results,… He said that education has been put under the state of emergency, with attention focused on primary, junior and senior secondary schools as well as adult and non-formal education, while the effort to reduce out-of-school children is gaining momentum. In the area of Agriculture, the Governor told his host that Gombe has signed on to the National Livestock Transformation Plan of the Federal Government while plans are on top gear to revamp the grazing reserves in the state, adding that farm service centres are currently being reactivated to ensure smooth access to agricultural inputs and extension services. He also informed the Deputy Secretary-General about the deplorable condition of some of the key sectors of the economy in the state, disclosing however that prior to his assumption of office in May 2019, a needs assessment was carried out to establish a baseline to track progress in the critical areas. Inuwa Yahaya who described Hajiya Amina Mohammed as a proud ambassador of Nigeria, and Gombe state, in particular, commended the pride of the state in her accomplishments. In her remarks,  the UN Deputy  Secretary-General, Amina Mohammed appreciated Governor Inuwa Yahaya for visiting her in her office, describing it as the first of its kind since her assumption of office a few years ago. Amina Mohammed added that she has already set up meetings for the Governor with about 6 heads of UN agencies in New York to discuss potential areas they could come in and support Gombe state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!