AN Ilorin, Kwara State Magistrates’ Court on Thursday ordered the remand of Ibrahim Garba at Federal Correctional Service Centre for allegedly killing his fellow herder with a machete. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported that the magistrate, Mrs Zainab Usman, gave the order as the accused person is facing a count charge of culpable homicide. Usman adjourned the case until December 24, for further mention. Earlier, the prosecutor, Inspector Al-Hassan Jibrin, told the court that on September 16, the case was transferred from the Divisional Police Headquarters in Bani, in Kaiama Local Government Area of the state to the Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department, Ilorin, for investigation. Jibrin said that on October 29, Abubakar Mohammed of Bani, Fulani camp, reported that on the same date, some Fulani boys fought each other at a beer parlour, at Kara market in Kani. You can’t stop EFCC from investigating you, court tells… Court adjourns hearing till Dec 12 Football coach remanded for allegedly defiling 9-yr-old boy N400m alleged fraud: Court slates Feb, 2020 to decide… ALSO READ: Police arraign 2 men for slashing friend with machete He said that during the fight, the accused person attacked Shehu Mohammed with a machete on his neck, which eventually led to his death. The prosecutor said the accused person also attacked Abubakar Ahmed with a machete, while Ahmed, in turn, defended himself with a bottle before escaping from being killed. Jibrin said the investigation conducted led to the arrest of the accused person, who was identified by Ahmed to be the one who attacked him at the beer parlour. Jibrin said that the accused person admitted to having attacked the deceased with a machete on his neck, thinking it was Abu. He said that the offence was contrary to section 221 of the penal code. The accused person pleaded not guilty to the charge. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!