Action Democratic Party (ADP) has called on the Chairman, Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof. Mahmood Yakubu and Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, to ensure that elections in Kogi and Bayelsa states are conducted in a free and fair manner and that the lives of every voter were protected. This was just as the party while wishing the good people of Kogi and Bayelsa states peaceful elections, urged them to choose the best candidates, who would serve them and bring succour to the lives of the downtrodden. ADP made this call on Friday in a statement issued by its National Publicity Secretary, Prince Adelaja Adeoye, copy of which was made to newsmen in Lagos. ALSO READ: Two die, 17 vehicles burnt in petrol tanker accident in Ogun Two die, 17 vehicles burnt in petrol tanker accident in Ogun Gombe gov visits UN Headquarters, seeks support in areas of… Kogi election: Court slates Nov 21 to hear suit challenging… Delta election: Okowa floors Ogboru as court affirms… The party, while making the call, said the police and other security agents deployed to the affected states should be able to arrest any form of violence or electoral manipulations which might occur, adding that the election does not worth the blood of anyone. It specifically charged the security agencies “to resist any lure by those, who want to gain power at all cost, thereby, will be willing to use force and violence to achieve their goal.” “We also urge the police to monitor and secure the lives of all the local and international election observers and media crew, who will be on the ground to cover the elections. The election does not worth the blood of anyone, they must resist and say no to violence,” ADP said. The ADP enjoined all the candidates in the exercise to call their followers to order, so that the elections can be conducted in a very peaceful way, without any hitches, even as it also called on the citizens and all residents of the two states to conduct themselves in a very peaceful manner, before, during and after the Saturday’s governorship polls. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!