PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has observed that violent extremism is the biggest challenge facing Islam today and has therefore advised parents not to allow their children to be lured into it as he believes that they will be recruited by extremists who will ultimately destroy their lives and future. He made the declaration in his goodwill message to the Muslim Ummah on the occasion of the Maulud celebration to commemorate the birthday of the Prophet Muhammad. He said: “Violent extremism is the single biggest challenge facing the image of Islam today which has been hijacked by a minority of misguided elements who are using religion to cover-up their criminal agenda. “There is an urgent need for increased vigilance by Muslims in order to frustrate and stop the spread of violent ideologies that are causing human havocs and tragedies around the world. ALSO READ: Buhari secretly pursuing third term agenda —Falana Youth group kicks against sack of 35 Osinbajo’s aides Buhari to commission NDDC’s N10bn bridge in Rivers NHD Foundation begins free medical outreach for 5,000 in… Eid-El-Maulud: Lalong tasks Muslims on love “Extremism is like cancer that needs to be attacked in its early stages before it grows malignantly out of control and harms the society.” A statement issued Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) on Sunday in Abuja also quoted him as saying: “The greatest honour Muslims could do the Prophet Muhammad is to follow his shining examples of non-violence, peaceful disposition and remarkable virtues of patience.” The president further advised: “Putting into practice the great virtues for which the Holy Prophet Muhammad is historically famous and revered would have a far greater impact on changing our attitudes and behaviours than the best sermons ever will. “The indiscriminate killing of innocent people, the kidnapping of female students and forcing them into marriage and conversion is contrary to teachings and personal examples of the Prophet Muhammad.” While wishing the Muslim Ummah a peaceful celebration, the President urged them to use this occasion to renew their resolve in promoting tolerance, love, harmony and peaceful coexistence in the country. President Buhari also sent special goodwill messages to the Emirs of Daura, Alhaji Faruk Umar Faruk; Kazaure, Najib Hussaini Adamu; Hadejia, Alhaji Adamu Abubakar Maje Haruna; and that of Gumel, Alhaji Ahmed Mohammed Sani, whose people celebrate this festival, named Sallar Gani, with greater fervour as well as prayers for the unity, progress, and prosperity of Muslims in Nigeria and around the world. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.