Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola, on Thursday, expressed the administration’s readiness to continue to open up business opportunities, attract investments and create more wealth for the state. Oyetola spoke at the 2019 Osun State Facts Behind the Economy at the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) in Lagos. He said that the administration was poised to expand the size of the state by focusing on inclusiveness, diversification and sustainable growth. According to him, his administration has placed priority on diversifying income sources by putting the right structures in place to sustain development. “We want to open up another opportunity which has existed before but declined due to fall in oil price and other factors. “We are ready to revitalise it in order to alleviate Lagos congestion and traffic to propel the nation’s economic growth.” He said as part of its efforts to reposition Osun state and give it a platform, his administration had adopted a nine-year developmental plan, from 2019 to 2028. According to him, the plan, which is anchored on four pillars, will help the state achieve full potential, especially in the areas of infrastructure development and investment inflow. CNN’s African Voices Changemakers meets Tony Elumelu Turkey to finish testing digital Lira in 2020 ― President… Q3 2019: May & Baker Nigeria grows profit by 14 per… Dangote’s $12bn world’s largest subsea pipeline… ALSO READ: CNN’s African Voices Changemakers meets Tony Elumelu Oyetola said that the four pillars were economic development, infrastructure, human capital development and security as well as environmental sustainability. Earlier, in his opening speech, Mr Oscar Onyema, NSE Cheif Executive Officer, applauded the governor’s leadership and efforts at revitalising the education, mining, agriculture, textile and tourism sectors in the state. Onyema said that the NSE platform was geared at attracting investors toward all the sectors of the economy, whilst catering for small, medium and large businesses represented on the various boards of the Exchange. “Your passion for excellence, dedication to promoting the people of the state and revitalising moribund projects across the state has been recognised globally. “We specifically commend the state government on the execution of a partnership agreement with the Federal Government to develop gold mining potential to improve internally generated revenues (IGR) and ramp up job creation opportunities. “Indeed, the IGR drive has yielded significant results for the N1.47 trillion state economy,” Onyema said. He said that Osun generated over N10.2 billion in revenue in the first half of 2019 alone, according to data from the National Bureau of Statistics. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.