GOVERNOR Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has again charged community leaders including traditional rulers in the state to imbibe the spirit of oneness in the execution of World Bank assisted projects in their areas, reiterating that development of rural communities is part of his 4-point cardinal programme. Ugwuanyi who spoke yesterday in Enugu through the State Commissioner for Rural Development, Prince Emeka Mamah, at the formal presentation of over N11million cheques to members of Community Project Management Committee (CPMC) and Gender and Vulnerable Groups (GNG) from 11 communities in the state, stated that the state government had not looked back on its efforts to transform rural communities. He stated, “It will be difficult to have meaningful projects in a place where there are disunity and rancour. I implore you all to embrace peace and work together to get the desired result at the end. We do not want crisis of any sort in your communities” “You know that the projects are community-driven and we expect you to carry out your assignment with utmost sincerity. The state under the watch of Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi has zero-tolerance for fraud and corruption. The projects were brought by you and we expect fraud-free execution of the projects. We frown at the crisis of any type in your communities as it could derail the execution of the projects”, the Commissioner said. ALSO READ: Kogi, Bayelsa elections: The fear of military deployment “Today’s event is very important to the administration of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi as rural development is one of the 4 cardinal points of the present regime. I implore you all to deliver before the end of this year”. According to him, “The Ministry of Rural Development in conjunction with the state Community and Social Development Project (CSDP) will soon set up a committee to visit all the beneficiary communities to ascertain how far the projects are being executed”. 16 Boko Haram, ISIS suspects surrender to army Minister threatens to revoke undeveloped resettlement plots Mining potentials: FG to partner states for economic growth ICPC seizes 44 properties worth N14.7b from 32 companies Earlier, the General Manager of CSDP, Dr Maximus Asogwa, told the beneficiaries that they were lucky to be part of the historic event, adding that kudos should be given to Governor Ugwuanyi for keying into the World Bank assisted projects. Dr Asogwa said that the beneficiaries were: Ifunanya Okpo, Oganiru, Amufie, Obinwanne Imufu, Amata, Umuenem, Eziama Amechi Idodo. Others were: Mbogodo, Ngeneanwata and Amachara Uka while two members of the CPMC Committee came from Nkpologu and Onicha Prince Sam Ejiofor who spoke on behalf of the communities lauded the state government for providing democracy dividends to the people through the world bank assisted project. Ejiofor promised that they would be judicious in the use of the fund allocated to the projects, adding that many communities have been developed through World Bank assisted projects. The former State Commissioner for Local Government Affairs also commended the state governor for his pragmatic and quality leadership, noting that the state had not had it so good until now despite the economic challenge that cut across the country. Among the projects expected to be carried out by the communities included water boreholes, market stalls, health centres, and school blocks. The high point of the event which was held at Liberty Estate, Enugu, was the formal presentation of cheques to the benefiting community leaders by Commissioner Mamah. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.