The 2019 edition of International Arts and Crafts  Expo (INAC) has positively scaled up the statutory purpose of establishing embassy in countries as a means to not only strengthen business ties, but also to Nigeria’s rich diversity in culture, using cultural diplomacy to tell the country’s story in the right perspective. The weeklong INAC Expo, held at the FCT Exhibition Pavilion in Abuja from November 20 to 24, has created a multifaceted platform for Nigeria to continue to sustain its commitment to promoting peaceful co-existence with other countries of the world, using culture as a connecting tool. Form the investment forum to the arts and crafts exhibition, and from the skills acquisition to cultural performances by states and foreign contingents, participants at the 2019 INAC experienced the wonders of culture in an electrifying ambience of colourful arts, crafts and communal display of oneness radiating from business and cultural offers on each country’s pavilion. Speaking during the closing ceremony, the Emir of Jiwa in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Alhaji Idris Musa, said the INAC outing has shown that culture is a global tool for uniting Nigeria with people from other parts of the world and that Nigerians to genuinely promote and preserve the nation’s rich cultural pride by identifying with it at all times. “I am very happy to be at this special cultural gathering organised by a young man who has been in the forefront of promoting peace and unity through our diverse cultural identity, I congratulate you,” he said. The emir said that this singular gesture of the DG of NCAC has proved that culture is a key factor in building bridges of peace and unity across the globe. He urged Nigerians to partronise their cultural attire and be proud of it the same way the Chinese do theirs. Thrilled by the performances of the contingent at the closing ceremony, the Minister of Women Affairs, Mrs Paulen Tallen said the great singer from the performing countries depicts the beauty and love in Nigeria. She said: “I congratulate by dear brother, the DG, NCAC, Otunba Runsewe, for always organising this yearly festival that showcases the cultural essence of the people, bringing countries together under one roof to strength the love we have together. “I am sure for the past four days that we have been together, we have been able to see the beauty in ourselves as well as the uniqueness of Nigeria. This platform helps to sell our different countries to one another. “The world is a beautiful place and culture brings peace and unites us. I appreciate what you are doing and with the magnitude of event that has been on which is been closed today know that this will be a point of reference continue to unite us. “Once more, I want to congratulate Otunba Runsewe for his passion in redefining culture for peace. Also, I commend the states and participants that came together to strengthen the bond of love between Nigeria and the countries that participated in this year’s INAC. “With what I have seen here today, I am sure we have made a mark in cultural diplomacy, and I hope next year’s participants will double this. Let the news go round the world to show that culture is a strong tool for global unity.” Also the chairman Senate Committee on Culture and Tourism, Rochas Okorocha, who was thrilled by the number of countries and states that partook in the expo, said “People were uniquely created by God and gifted with culture and tradition to exist as an entity. The role of government is only a guide. Gov Dickson attributes second term “feat” to divine… FG trains 10, 000 Gombe women, youths on agricultural… BREAKING: Supreme Court sacks Eleruwa of Eruwa, popular Oyo… NGO advocates increased awareness campaigns to demystify HIV No nation can grow without culture and tradition because it has something to do with their destiny, which is the reason the white nations protect their culture. “At the mention of culture, all these nations are here in Abuja. That is why we in the culture department of the Senate are taking it more seriously than ever because the greatest gift of God to us as a nation is culture. “For us in Nigeria, it is a blessing, because we have some of the richest cultures and traditions in the world. So, when you hear people say the giant of Africa or the sleeping giant of Africa, they are simply referring to our culture and tradition. “Until now, we have depended so much on oil; but because it is exhaustible and we know that oil can longer sustain us, we have to turn to tourism, culture and our tradition. “So, today, Otunba Runsewe, I want to publicly say it here that you are doing well and I congratulate you for this initiative. I must tell you that Nigeria has no choice anymore than to make culture and tourism key in growing our economy. “One thing I realised is that the Chinese are persistent and remain focused with their made-in-China which have made them a household name globally. In the 1980s in Aba formerly Imo State and now Abia State, we used to hear made-in-Aba and due to lack of persistent state that is no more, but we still have them producing for international outfits. We have to re-establish our pride in what we do through persistence.” In his closing remarks, the director-general of National Council for Arts and Culture, Otuna Runsewe, said, “For the first time in my life, culture has proven its uniqueness in rallying people of different traditional divides to celebrate each other under one roof. Within a short notice, we were able to invite over 30 countries for the 2019 INAC which is impressive! “I wish to thank the Minister of Women Affairs, Mrs Paulen Tanlen for also making it a date with us here today. I want to inform you that we have used the platform to train 1000 women on different skills acquisition to help reduce unemployment. We provided free medical checkup and gave out 250 sets of eye-glasses to people.” Giving an account of the NCAC activities on INAC, Runsewe said “Today we launched the international diplomacy for peace, and this initiative has started working with the ambassador of Trinida and Tobago dressed in Nigeria (northern) attire making him look like someone from Sokoto State. “So, we are celebrating the second edition of the cultural diplomacy today by showing the world that we are promoting peace through culture by using a white hankerchief as a reference. He said the minister of women affairs has promised to use next year’s NAFEST, to be hosted by Plateau State, to empower women in the state. Also, it is imperative to tell you that by this platform, Nigeria is showcasing to the whole world that we are not only showing how peaceful Nigeria is but also extending it to the world. “INAC is a platform to network Nigeria to the world, and in furtherance of the relationship, we are launching a friendship club with countries starting with Venuzuala. This is to tell the world that Nigeria is a place to be. “I am happy to say that with the calibre of people here today, this patriotic gesture is already a success with the support of the chairman, Senate Committee on Culture and Tourism, Senator Rochas Okorocha; and the Minister of Woman Affairs, Mrs Pualine Talen and our royal father, whose passion for culture brought them to this gathering hosting 30 countries, 18 states and other private and public allied players at the 2019 INAC,” Paulen Tallen. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!