Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle of Zamfara State has reiterated his commitment to secure and protect the lives of his citizens where ever they reside. He gave the assurance on Wednesday when Bazai communities in the state called on him during a solidarity visit at Government House. He stated that it was in the realisation of the fact that he was sent by Almighty God to govern the state at its most trying times that he also became more sincere to fulfil all his campaign promises, especially on security. ALSO READ: UPDATE: APC sinks deeper in Edo, as faction suspends Obaseki, Shuaibu, SSG According to the governor, without peace in the state, even the government cannot survive talk more of delivery of the dividends of democracy to the people, saying, ‘I will secure you, be rest assured. He reiterated that the peace that has so far been achieved cannot be toyed with, saying, this is what the people are yearning for. 13 people including two children die in Lagos-Ibadan… BREAKING: Lagos PDP elects new executive despite restraining… Reps wade into lingering management crisis rocking NDDC Kwara holds open bid for construction of 26 urban roads Matawalle, therefore, called on the people to continue to pray for the success of his administration so that it can meet up all their expectations. To this end, he directed the SSG to work with the community in ensuring that their demands are met within the shortest possible time. Earlier, leader of the delegation, Dr Ahmad Kainuwa of the Federal University, Gusau told the governor that they were at the Government House to show their solidarity and appreciation in the governor’s effort in maintaining peace in the state, Ahmad recalled that since the inception of the Matawalle led administration, the area, like other parts of the state, did not record any attack from bandits, a condition which characterised their standard of living for almost a decade before Matawalle. He also appealed to the Governor to reinstate the Bazai Emirate Council which was dissolved by the State Assembly about three months ago. Ahmad said all the communities in the former Emirate will remain solidly and prayerful to the Barden Hausa administration in the State. The courtesy call was attended by Chief of Staff Government House, Col Bala Mande rtd, Permanent Secretary, Government House, Alhaji Lawali Ibrahim Kaura, former Speaker Zamfara State House of Assembly, Hon Bature Umar Sambo and Hon Mallam Mani among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!