Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle of Zamfara State has expressed confidence in the current Commissioner of Police (CP) Usman Nagogo, especially in his drive to make the state free from all forms of banditry and criminality. Matawalle made his feelings known on Thursday at the Government House while receiving firearms voluntarily surrendered by two repentant bandits, Sani Mochoko and Alhaji Shehu Bagewaye who in the past had terrorized communities in the state but have now come to join hands with the state government following the governor’s peace and reconciliation initiative. “I wish to declare that I pass a vote of confidence in CP Usman Nagogo because he has shown the government and good people of Zamfara that he is here to demonstrate what police work really means, which is the protection of people’s lives and property while trying to show the bad ones among us that all hope is not lost and that they can leave their bad ways, reintegrate into the society and contribute positively to national development,” he said. ALSO READ: Reps: DPR gets 16-hour ultimatum to unveil owners of 400 illegal filling stations The governor who lamented that there are moves by some highly placed citizens of the state to remove the commissioner who they feel should not be doing the right thing perhaps for reasons best known to them said this will not happen especially now that the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu is insisting on zero tolerance to criminality. Matawalle, however, urged the CP not to be distracted by those selfish persons and also appealed to the IGP not to allow such mischievous elements to misguide him with their leftist thoughts. He reiterated his confidence in the Senate President Ahmad Lawan on his stance for justice and the need for Nigeria to remain as a united entity with citizens living happily believing that the national assembly will not support the moves by the disgruntled persons who are bent on bringing down the Matawalle-led administration in the state. Matawalle condemns killing of 14 Zamfara residents in… Zamfara Assembly gets new clerk Police recover NDE stolen vehicle in Niger Republic Zamfara guber: Tribunal dismisses petition seeking to unseat… He also informed the peace-loving people of the state on the moves by the unpatriotic persons and urged them to disregard all possible propaganda that they could use to deceive the citizens. Matawalle then pleaded with President Muhammadu Buhari on behalf of the good people of the state not to allow the disgruntled persons to take the state back. He said he will continue to redouble his efforts in peacebuilding especially now that the President has shown his support to the peace initiative. ALSO READ: Emir of Kano, Ooni of Ife, others to attend reggae music festival in Anambra While presenting the repentant bandits and their guns made up of four AK 47, two GPMC and 900 rounds of ammunition to the governor, CP Usman Nagogo said the bandits surrendered the items on their own volition following their confidence in the peace and reconciliation initiative which they said is transparent and convincing unlike the one done in the past. Also, in his remarks, the SSA to the governor on Security, Alhaji Abubakar Mohammed Dauran said the repentant bandits have been on the increase in the state even though there are no financial or other hidden benefits attached but for the fact that they now move freely and do business without any hindrance. The repentant bandits promised to support the state government in sustaining the peace and assured to continue to create awareness to those who are yet to embrace the peace process to do so for their own benefit in living without any fears. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!