Determined to ensure the success of the Social Investment Programme in the state, Bauchi state government has declared its preparedness to address all the perceived challenges affecting the smooth implementation of the Programmes. The declaration was made by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Alhaji Sabi’u Baba at the opening of a one day Bauchi State Cash Transfer Stakeholders Meeting held at the Command Guest House In Bauchi on Monday. Sabi’u Baba, however, appealed to the stakeholders to come up with robust recommendations that will assist the state government to increase the number of those benefiting from the programme. He said that in order to ensure effective service delivery, the state government has selected enhancement of enrollment of pupils especially girl-child in schools as part of its co-responsibility stressing that, the administration of Governor Bala Mohammed is committed to the realisation of the selected co-responsibility. FRSC partners traditional rulers on reducing accidents Measles /meningitis vaccination: Bauchi, partners target 95%… Bauchi women farmers seek alternative financial support Multiple accident claims live of motorcyclists, others… ALSO READ: Court remands father in correctional centre for defiling nine-year-old daughter To this end, the SSG said that the state government has embarked on massive constructions and renovation of Primary Schools as well as the provision of furniture across the state to increase access to basic education services for improved teaching and learning. Sabi’u Baba, therefore, reaffirmed the readiness of the present administration towards working with relevant stakeholders in order to achieve the desired objectives. In her remarks, the National Coordinator, Social Investment Programmes, explained that the meeting was organised to discuss on the report of the Supply Side Assessment of Education facilities conducted in the 18 implementing local government areas across the state. She said the meeting will also discuss the gap identified during the assessment and get the state government, relevant MDA’s as well as development partners’ commitment towards addressing the gap in addition to discussing the roles and responsibility of states as regarding the co-responsibility implementation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!