The candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in the November 16 election, Senator Douye Diri, has described the recent disruption of the PDP campaign in Nembe Local Government Area, of Bayelsa state as the terrorist attacks in the Northern part of the country. Diri, who also called for a state of emergency in the area, disclosed that PDP supporters were maimed, intimidated and chased out of their ancestral homes in the name if desperate politicking. Addressing newsmen in a live broadcast in Yenagoa, on Thursday, Diri declared that his party has lost confidence in the credibility of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), in conducting a free and fair election. The PDP flagbearer also disclosed that about eighteen persons were on Thursday killed by armed hoodlums sponsored by the Minister of State for Petroleum, and leader of the APC in the state, Chief Timipre Sylva. El-Rufai’s apology: APC admission of Bello’s failure ― PDP How TB Joshua brokered peace in South Sudan, Tanzania Busola Dakolo to appeal case after court dismisses suit… Southwest development bill scales first reading Senator Diri, who sent a condolence message to the families of the victims of the attack, accused the APC of causing disruption to pave way for 100 per cent rigging. ALSO READ: JUST IN: Lagos police gets new commissioner “I and our party the PDP send our condolences to the families of the victims of yesterday senseless killings and attacks sponsored by Chief Timipre Sylva, and we pray their souls rest in peace” “Our party was yesterday thrown into confusion and mourning, our supporters were hunted after the incident, the hoodlums were going to their houses at night to kill our members. Town criers were also going around to announce that PDP members should leave the town to pave way for 100 per cent rigging Diri said. Our campaigns have been hinged on God, we have also told members of our party to refrain from any reprisal attack, justice must be served on those who carried out that dastardly act. APC should see the interest of Bayelsans as above their own personal interest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!