The Nasarawa State government, on Wednesday, said that its infrastructural revolution, especially the road construction across the state, had generated employment opportunities and improved the living standard of the people. Alhaji Adamu-Sule Muhammad, the Managing Director of the state Urban Development Board (NUDB), said this in Lafia when members of the House of Assembly Committee on Urban Development paid an oversight visit to the board. He said that the construction of road networks in Lafia and other parts of the state by the government had boosted socioeconomic activities and transportation system, and improved the lives of residents. Muhammad added that it had also boosted agricultural production in the state. “I want to commend you for this visit and assure you of the state government’s continued commitment to the provision of roads and other infrastructural facilities across the state. ALSO READ: Policies underway to address over 22million housing deficits ― FG “We have constructed, rehabilitated and completed 13 roads, among which are the Kabayi/Mararaba junction, Toto-Umaisha road, roads in Wamba Township and internal road at the Federal University, Lafia, among others. How a dying man was raised in Adamawa crusade — Bishop Zuga Don’t privatize water sector AUPCTRE, ERA/FoEN appeal… Bayelsa poll: 7 PDP govs, chairman, others storm Yenagoa Lagos fire: Sanwo-Olu visits Balogun market, sympathises… “We also have six ongoing road projects, which include Lafia- Tofa-Agyararagu road and Panda/Kube road. All these roads were done to improve the socio-economic activities of the people of the state,” the NUDB boss said. He commended the committee for its commitment to monitoring and ensuring that quality jobs were done. The Chairman of the committee, Alhaji Suleiman Yakubu (APC-Awe South), said that the visit was not to witch-hunt anybody, but to assess the budget performance of the board for the 2019 fiscal year. Yakubu said that the assessment was with the view to addressing any challenge that might be discovered. “We are here as part of our oversight functions to see things for ourselves with the view to addressing any challenges discovered. “We are ready to partner with you to ensure infrastructural development across the state, as the importance of the provision of roads and other social amenities to societal development cannot be overemphasised,” Yakubu said. He urged the management of the board to continue to be up and doing in ensuring effective supervision of projects to ensure that quality works were done and delivered in the interest of the state. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.