The National Correctional Service (NCS), on Monday, told Justice Okon Abang of the Federal High Court in Abuja that Abdulrasheed Maina, the former Chairman of the defunct Pension Reforms Task Force ( PRTF), is fit to stand trial. Following the report, Justice O Abang ordered the prosecution counsel, Mohammed Abubakar, to serve the defence team with the medical report on Maina’s state of health. Maina, who is in the custody of the Correctional Centre, Kuje, Abuja, is facing a 12- count charge for the alleged laundering of over N2.2 billion, the use of fictitious names to open bank accounts and other sundry offences. He had since his arraignment last month looked seriously ill and helped to the court by a retinue of aides and personnel of the Correctional Centre who always supports him on both sides as he walks to the courtroom and the dock. Justice Abang had on November 5, ordered the Nigerian Correctional Service to furnish the court with Maina’ s health status in view of the arguments of defence lawyer that he was not fit to stand trial. ALSO READ: Correctional Service Act will help in decongesting prisons ― Malami Prosecution counsel at the trial on Monday informed the court that the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on November 20, 2019, received a comprehensive report on Maina’s medical status from the National Correctional Service. ICYMI: EFCC to arraign Mompha Monday $9.6bn P&ID claim: FG slams additional charges against… Court permanently forfeits N280m linked to Invictus Obi Aroke: FG orders probe of alleged $1m scam by fraudster in… Reading from the medical report signed by an Assistant Comptroller General (Medical), Dr Remi Ojo, the lawyer stated that Maina, who is 45 years of age, has slight malaria and high blood pressure. The report stated that Maina was suffering from high blood pressure but it has been brought under control. “Maina vital organs are working normal. He is fit to stand trial”, the report said. The defendant who was arraigned on October 25, 2019, before Justice Abang has been in the custody of the Correctional Centre in Kuje. Meanwhile, the court granted Maina bail in the sum of N1 billion. Justice Okon Abang, in his ruling on Maina’s bail application, also ordered that Maina must produce two sureties who must be serving senators. The two lawmakers, according to the judge, must not be standing any criminal trial in any court in the country. He also ruled that the two sureties, who must be prepared for a N500 million bond each, must always be in court with Maina at each adjourned date. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!