The House of Representatives on Tuesday called for immediate deployment of security operatives to llaje/Ese-Odo Federal Constituency of Ondo State with the view to end the activities of cults in the area. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon. Kolade Akinjo who condemned the murder of innocent Nigerians by the cultists. According to him, llaje/Ese-Odo Federal Constituency is a littoral region with a population of over 650,000 at the 2006 census, covering an area of 2,036km square, shares boundaries in the West with Ogun state and in the East with Delta state and has a shoreline stretching towards the Atlantic Ocean in the South and covering about 180km thereby making Ondo state the state with the longest coastline in Nigeria. He also stressed the state of fear which residents in the region live has caused many to contemplate fleeing their ancestral homes. While calling for the House intervention, Hon. Akinjo stressed that the unabated clashes had created tension in the area especially with the inflicting of injuries on innocent persons in the process. “The House also notes that the llaje Land of the Federal Constituency geographically has an area of 1,318 km‘ and a population of 290,615 according to the same 2006 census and with its headquarters at Igbokoda. “The House is aware that Igbokoda, the headquarters of llaje Local Government despite its size and population has been a difficult terrain in the recent time due to the spate of cult violence in the community.” 11-year-old kidnapped in Kano, sold at Onitsha for N200,000… Anti-hate Speech Bill: Atiku warns of disastrous… Human capital development: Bauchi seeks World Bank… Cleric to Nigerians: Banish thought that no godly person can… ALSO READ: We will fight FG to the finish on IPPIS ― ASUU He informed the House that the prevailing situation has degenerated to the point that various streets have turned into a war zone thereby causing the residents and business owners in lgbokoda community sleepless night due to fear of being attacked. “The House is deeply disturbed that the anti-cult clashes have assumed a frightening dimension with over 10 lives unfortunately murdered in cold blood and the security formations appeared overwhelmed with the dynamics of the imbroglio,” Hon. Akinjo lamented. According to him, the House had earlier in the year 2019 called for the “establishment of more security outposts with adequate staffing in llaje/Ese-odo Federal Constituency in addition to the existing two Police stations located at lgbokoda in llaje Local Government Area and Igbekebo in Ese-Odo Local Government Area of Ondo State in order to secure the vast, populous, difficult and crime-prone area. “The House is cognizant that the security challenges confronting the coastal area, especially in the lgbokoda environment in Ilaje/Ese-odo Federal Constituency, need the collaborative efforts of all security agencies, especially the Navy and the Police Force. “The House is concerned that the .prevalent insecurity in the Federal Constituency, apart from occasioning the unnecessary loss of lives and properties, has also created a worrisome situation whereby the region is unable to tap maximally its full socio-economic potential,” Hon. Akinjo observed.” To this end, the House mandated all the relevant committee(s) to ensure compliance. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!