Men of the Ondo State Police Command on Sunday arrested a man, Lawan Sale, for allegedly raping a 10-year-old girl in Sango area of Akure North Local Government Area of Ondo state. The suspect was said to have committed the crime last Thursday when the victim was on her way to school and forcefully raped the young girl. It was gathered the 50-year-old suspect who was a cow trader, who usually brought cattle from the northern part of the country to sell in Akure, was fond of having sex with underage girls in the community. He was said to have lured the girl into a place after he allegedly promised to give the girl some amount of money which attracted the girl who succumbed to the suspect before he was finally caught. ALSO READ: I sold bread for 13 years before becoming gov ― Makinde Buhari meets Welby, Archbishop of Canterbury, in London Cooperate with govt on delivery of development goals, NSE… Makinde calls for religious harmony, tolerance as Muslims… Border closure should last for more than 2 years ― Hon… The source said: “On that day the girl was going to school, and the man, who is fond of doing this, called the girl into his room, where he committed the act after he had promised to give the girl N50. “The girl’s mother later discovered that she (victim) did not wear pants to the house and asked her why she was not putting on her pants and she confessed that it was Lawan that had sexual intercourse with her.” When contacted, the state Police Public Relations Officer, (PPRO) Mr Femi Joseph, confirmed the incident and said the suspect had been arrested while an investigation into the matter had commenced. He said: “It was the victim’s mother that reported the matter to us and investigation had commenced into it.” He, however, disclosed that the victim has been taken to the police clinic Akure, for treatment while the case has been transferred to the  Criminals Investigation Department of the command. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.