It was a moment of glitz as 21-year-old Miss Rivers State, Maria Okese, clinched the first ever Most Beautiful Deaf Girl in Nigeria (MBDGN). She will represent Nigeria at the 2020 Miss Deaf World in Prague, Czech Republic. She emerged winner among 14 contestants across 13 states including: Lagos, Enugu, Abuja, Kaduna, Ebonyi, Ogun, Anambra, Edo, Benue, Rivers, Ogun, and Kwara, which held at the Standard  Bearers School, Lekki, Lagos on Friday. The five finalists were: Anambra’s Columba Chinazo; Lagos’ Blessing Iyasere and Odedina Rebecca and Ogun State, Funmilayo Ogundari alongside Okese. Columba came second and Odedina first runner up. According to the organisers, the MBDGN pageant is beyond show of beauty and brain. It is a platform canvassing inclusion for the deaf in the society – classrooms, playground, work places or social places. No one is too powerful for me to control — Buhari Despite their speech impairments, the CEO of Empathy Driven Women International Initiative (EDWIN), Mrs. Uri Ngozichukwuka, has given them a voice to be heard always. MTF graduate Asamoah in India for internship Nigeria’s ‘Lionheart’ disqualification is bigger than the… Nigeria’s Oscar entry ‘Lionheart’… Cardi B to visit Africa for the first time by December “When it comes to the issue of disability inclusion, the Nigeria  entertainment industry – for all its creative firepower, visibility and growing influence in the nation’s profile and social-economic fortunes – is still light-years behind the rest of the society. “The entertainment industry is supposed to be the vanguard – to set the pace when it comes to enhancing access to the production and consumption of creative content by People with Disabilities (PWDs),” she expressed. To further drive home her call, she listed creating awareness, advocacy, spatial justice and affirmative action as balm for the entertainment and beauty industries to correct the anomaly. Although all the contestants were incredibly active and dexterous in their various talent exhibitions, only one was chosen. Okese stole the hearts of the judges with her soothing objectives for the deaf. Okese, a professional photographer and art enthusiast, says she will create awareness on the issues of raising the standard of education for deaf children, motivate especially those deaf in Rivers State to contribute to the society despite their disabilities. For her and the other girls, it was thanks to Dr. Tolu Oke-Igaire, Nigeria’s foremost clinical relationship and marriage counsellor and CEO MBDGN. Although impaired, she expressed herself in tears, laughter, and gesticulations. Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.