The member representing Sardauna, Gashaka and Kurmi Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, David Fuoh, has called on the opposition All Progressives Congress (APC) in Taraba State to accept the verdict of the Appeal Court affirming Governor Darius Ishaku of Taraba as the winner of the governorship election in the state. Fuoh made the call on Tuesday while reacting to the Court of Appeal judgment upholding the ruling on the Governorship Election Petition Tribunal which earlier affirmed Ishaku as the winner of the March 9 governorship election in the state. Tribune Online recalls that the All Progressives Congress (APC) had appealed the earlier judgment by the Tribunal at the Court of Appeal in Abuja. ALSO READ: [PHOTOS] Osinbajo launches, flags off ‘Use of Toilet’ campaign Sanwo-Olu congratulates Lyon, Bello on election victory Post-election violence: How thugs set PDP women leader… Kashamu congratulates buhari, APC on Bayelsa, Kogi elections 2020 budget: Reps accuse NDIC CEO of flouting… The Federal Court of Appeal, Abuja Division, lead by Justice Chidi Nwanna on Monday dismissed the appeal on the ground that APC candidate, Sani Danladi was disqualified for the contest hence the party did not field a candidate for the said election. Fuoh said that the judgment by the Appellate Court was a justification for the aspirations of the Taraba masses who voted massively for Ishaku for the consolidation of his landmark achievements in the state. The lawmaker commended the judiciary for rising to the occasion by giving hope to the common man. He appealed the governor to extend his hands of fellowship to the opposition APC and to take the judgment as a victory for Tarabans in general. Fuoh also called on the opposition to join hands with Ishaku to move the state forward and avoid distracting the governor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!