FASHION in a lame man’s understanding is the act of dressing decently or properly as the word seems. Your style of fashion actually tells people around you the type of person or personality you are. I actually believe that when you see something good, you should appreciate it. It makes you comfortable. Generally in the olden days, there wasn’t anything like fashion, what we have is dressing and basically the main purpose for dressing, is to cover our nakedness. VIDEO: 59-year-old Maradona denies daughter’s claim he is dying If you go to a primary or secondary school and ask the pupil or student why we put on a dress, they will tell you that we wear our dress in order to cover our nakedness; that is all. With these, we can come out to boldly say that clothes are our pride because they give us comfort and freedom. Renewable energy business opportunities in Nigeria Removal of illegal structures in the FCT Tackling poverty through recovered assets Still on the tenterhooks of our new ‘allowee’ But in this 21st century, we have introduced another word called ‘fashion’ which deals with various things like matching colours or fabrics to be presentable. Things that dictate your fashion include finding your colours which means every individual needs to know the type of colours that fits their complexion; consider your shape because  you need to put on clothes that are free on you so as to be able to walk well and be smart, then, you must consider the occasion, dress appropriately depending on the occasion that you are going to. All these factors are very important when dressing for any occasion. Ibadan  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.