The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has set up a new traffic management team called Traffic Task Team (TTT) and stated that the agency will no longer entertain call-ups of trucks that did not emanate from either the terminal operators or the shipping companies. This is even as the NPA directed the newly set up TTT to take over the roles of traffic monitoring and enforcement, two roles that were hitherto being carried out by the Kayode Opeifa Task Force team, with immediate effect. It would be recalled that fight broke out at the Lillypond truck park recently during call-ups rows, following allegations of extortion by truckers on the Presidential Task Force on Decongestion of Lagos Ports Access Roads led by Comrade Kayode Opeifa. Atiku’s son-in-law gave Obasanjo $140,000 ― Witness Bonny anchorage most dangerous section of Nigeria’s… Freight forwarders commend WACT for improved service… Maritime, critical to trade integration among African… Why shipping investors shun Nigerian flag for vessels… According to a notice released by the NPA to shipping companies and terminal operators, a copy of which was sighted by the Nigerian Tribune, “For the purpose of operation of all call-ups of trucks procedures, the following shall apply: A task team to be known as Traffic Task Team (TTT) is hereby set up to operate the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP). “The TTT shall comprise of personnel from NPA Security department, Lagos state traffic agency, Nigerian Police, Nigerian Navy and the Nigerian Army. “The general routes accessing the ports have been specified and relevant turnngs along the routes identified for manning by the TTT, Accordingly, each turning point shall have for its manning the following: Four NPA security personnel, Two Traffic personnel, one official of the Nigerian Police Force, Two officials of the Nigerian Navy, and one official of the Nigerian Army. “All trucks/containers operating towards the port in breach of this SOP would be made to turn back at the turning points and may alongside its owner / operators be further sanctioned by other means.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!