NATIONAL Chairman of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, has cautioned the Bayelsa State Governor, Seriake Dickson, to stop the blame game over non-certification of the airport built by the latter by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA). Speaking on Wednesday at the Peoples Democratic Party grand finale rally ahead of November 16 governor election, Governor Dickson claimed the State was being denied the license for the airport to prevent the PDP from flaunting it as one of its achievements. But speaking with newsmen in Abuja, the APC chairman accused the Bayelsa State Governor of wasting the state scarce resources to put up a shoddy project. He said: “I think the media should not just take a statement from people’s mouth. You know the fact that Bayelsa Airport has been flooded. Is it Buhari that flooded the Airport? Because the runway is below the ground level. They ought to have carried out a proper survey. So, the runway is flooded with water because it was not built properly. ALSO READ:  10 soldiers killed, nine injured in insurgents’ ambush Ekiti govt procures multi-million naira trucks to solve… FG woos cooperative societies to provide mass housing,… Christ Embassy donates back-to-school kits to 100 pupils in… Spread your light to change the world, Ajimobi charges… “The truth is, we challenge him (Dickson), whether it was Buhari who asked him to inflate the contract because there are different versions of the actual cost. That contract, I put it to my dear friend and brother, Dickson, that it has entered Guinness book as the most expensive runway ever built anywhere in the world. “Even the one built from the river, from the sea didn’t cost half of that. So, it is an endless project. He shouldn’t throw blame. But you the media should also interrogate when these people make all these unsubstantiated allegations. “So, the truth is, he (Dickson) is in trouble. He cannot tell his people why he will spend close to a hundred billion for a facility such as that. Yet, he himself cannot land on it. You people should not allow merchant of half-truths to get away with blue murder. Dickson must account for that money, not because of the election but he owes his people. “Look at Bayelsa State, look at the revenue it has accrued and look at Yenagoa. Look at the roads in Yenagoa. Did Buhari tell him not to use the money he gave him? The truth is, he never knew that the day of reckoning would come. And the beauty of democracy is that four years, or sometimes eight years, for the thief, one electoral day for the electorates and that day is 16th of November. Dickson would have to suffer for his own sins against the people of Bayelsa in which he mismanaged their resources after eight years in office. So, he should keep Buhari out of it.” On the forthcoming election in Bayelsa State, the Jigawa State Governor, Abubakar Badaru said the APC has become an acceptable party in Bayelsa “APC is doing wonderfully well in Bayelsa. You were all witnesses to all the rallies that have been happening in the state for both parties. I believe that success is ours.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.