The Plateau State government on Wednesday said it was prepared to host the 33rd edition of the National Festival of Arts and Culture (NAFEST) in 2020. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Mrs Weli Tamwakat, Plateau Commissioner for Tourism, Culture and Hospitality, stated this during a courtesy visit to the National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC), organisers of the festival in Abuja. Olusegun Runsewe, Director-General of the NCAC, had earlier announced, at the closing events of the 2019 NAFEST in Benin that Plateau State had won the hosting right for the next edition. According to Tamwakat, who handed a `letter of readiness to host’ to NCAC D-G, Plateau is getting set “to host “Mother of all NAFESTs” come 2020. “We want to thank the NCAC for considering Plateau State fit to host NAFEST, 2020, and we are ready to host Nigerians. “The state has over 54 languages, so we have a diverse cultural show to offer participants because Plateau is safe and peaceful to host the festival,” she said. The commissioner explained that the state government was working towards completing its 6,000-seater capacity Cultural Centre to be used for the cultural carnival next year. She added that through the collective efforts of government and relevant stakeholders, peace has returned to the state and was safe to host the festival. How a dying man was raised in Adamawa crusade — Bishop Zuga Don’t privatize water sector AUPCTRE, ERA/FoEN appeal… Bayelsa poll: 7 PDP govs, chairman, others storm Yenagoa Lagos fire: Sanwo-Olu visits Balogun market, sympathises… ALSO READ: EFCC budgets N42.3m to rent offices In his remarks, Runsewe commended the Commissioner and her team for the visit, adding that Plateau state has a rich cultural heritage and hospitality to amuse participants during the festival. “This is the first time a hosting governor will be sending a team before the year of the event and that clearly shows commitment. “Plateau is known to be a place of for peaceful co-existence and hospitality.” NAN reports that NAFEST is one of Nigeria’s major cultural festivals that serve as great platform for mobilising stakeholders in the Arts and Culture Industry. It showcases arts, talents and projects the values of Nigerian cultural heritage and national identity. The 2019 edition hosted in Benin City, with the theme: “Our Royalty, Our Pride”, marked the first time Edo State hosted the festival. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.