By Toluwani Olamitoke  Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, has ended the eight-year-old relationship between a woman, Busayo Musibaudeen and her husband, Aliyu Adeyemi on the accounts of irresponsibility, infidelity and battery by the latter. Giving his judgment after he had heard both parties, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, put an end to their relationship and granted custody of both children to the plaintiff. The defendant was asked to give the plaintiff N10,000 monthly through the court as their children’s feeding allowance. He was further mandated to be responsible for their education and health care. Both parties were advised to maintain peace. “My lord, Aliyu has dealt treacherously with me. We promised each other as we were about entering into marriage that we would stick together forever, but he betrayed me. “I started seeing another side of him immediately we got married. I realised a few weeks into our marriage I was married to a brute. “Aside failing to take care of me and meeting my needs, my husband would beat me to a pulp. He sees every misunderstanding between us as an opportunity to beat me. “He insisted we must both pay our children’s fees while he made me bear the brunt of other responsibilities in the home. “Aliyu would abandon me and our children at home and hang out with his friends and lovers.  He gradually took to returning home late in the night. I appealed to him to desist from this habit and called his attention to the dangers associated with late movements but he would always wave aside my pleas. “I later learnt he had taken a new wife. Despite being disappointed in him and feeling betrayed, I pleaded with him to bring his new wife home so as to avoid staying out late but he refused. “To my surprise, my husband informed my parents he was no more interested in our marriage. My family and his mediated in our differences but he insisted I went to stay with my parents for six months. Senator Ubah calls for sustainable peace in Anambra… Support Nigeria culture, tradition to promote peace ―… Why Nigerians should no longer travel abroad for orthopaedic… IYC urges Lyon to include opposition in his govt “I reluctantly agreed to this, but before the six months lapsed, he had brought in his new wife. “Aliyu took to insulting my parents. He told them through the telephone that he was no longer interested in me. “My lord, Aliyu threw me out and brought in his new wife after we both contributed to the building of the house, “Busayo told the court. Aliyu giving his evidence acceded to divorce. He stated that his wife had no regard for him and was always fighting him. According to him, despite all he did to provide for her needs and that of their children, all he got were abuses. “My lord, I’m also no more interested in our marriage. Busayo did succeed in making life difficult for me. She gave me hell by always abusing and fighting me which was my reason for always coming home late. “My wife had no regard for me and derived pleasure in flouting my orders. She got mad any time I called her attention to her inadequacies and would fight me. She would not only tear my clothes but ensure she hurt me. “My lord, she painted me black by presenting me before the court as an irresponsible person. But my lord, I state before this honourable court that I am not. “My lord, to meet up with the responsibilities at home, I bought an okada for which I paid in installment and made a living through it. “I took her to shop and brought her back home every day on it. I went to pick her in shop one faithful evening and we were attacked by armed robbers who not only beat us and robbed us of the money on us but also took the okada away. “Survival became hard after this. Rather than encourage me, Busayo frustrated me. He fought me on daily basis. “It was her parents who advised that we both live separately for a while in order that peace could reign. “Busayo used this opportunity to pack her belongings from my house. She also went away with my bed and pictures which I request that she returns, “Aliyu concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!