WOWBii Interactive, Africa’s pioneer manufacturer of Interactive flat panel displays, will showcase EdTech solutions for transforming the education sector at the Computer Village Expo 2019 (#CVE2019), Nigeria’s biggest consumer technology festival holding in December between 10-14 in Lagos. Computer Village Expo 2019 holding at the Haven Events Centre, Ikeja GRA, Lagos with the theme, “A New Partnership Agenda for Growth,” is the annual flagship integrated events platform connecting more than 10,000 Technology SMEs from Nigeria’s largest technology market, Ikeja Computer Village and consumer technology buyers across Nigeria, Africa and beyond. Computer Village Expo 2019 is organised following a strategic partnership between the Ikeja Computer Village Market Management and Board (Under the Iyaloja and Babaloja) and Technology Times Media Limited, organisers of the tech festival, to promote the very best of entrepreneurship, innovation and consumer technologies out of Nigeria’s Largest Technology Market Hub. ALSO READ:  23 million married as children in Nigeria —UNICEF Mrs Terae Onyeje, the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Wowbii Interactive has also been named among speakers and thought leaders at the Computer Village Expo 2019 Summit Panel Session on “Unlocking Possibilities” that will offer ideas, insights and disruptive strategies for SMEs to scale their growth. The Computer Village Expo 2019 Summit Thought Leadership platform brings together SME CEOs, founders, directors, technology and solutions providers, policymakers and leaders of institutions to discuss the most pressing issues and forge new partnership agenda to drive innovation, job creation and overall economic growth across the Nigerian economy. Mr Foluso Busari, Executive Director, Computer Village Expo 2019, announced that WOWBii Interactive, the African OEM offering technology-enhanced solutions, interactive telepresence and digital signage solutions will be showcasing its Edtech solutions at the #CVE2019 Tech Festival. Minister urges Nigerians to embrace new technologies,… Electronic fraud, a challenge in Nigeria’s telecoms industry… Tizeti partners MainOne to expand affordable high-speed WiFi… Samoa to host ITU’s global Girls in ICT Day 2020… “We are excited to have WOWBii Interactive among a growing number of organisations that will showcase solutions across Smart Lifestyles, Mobile Money & Financial Inclusion, Gaming, Mobile Apps, Mobile Lifestyles, Nigeria Internet Domain Name & Hosting, e-Commerce, among others,” she said. Founded in 2015, WOWBii is transforming the way Africa works and learns by redefining meeting room and classroom technologies. WOWBii’s interactive and immersive solutions feature integrated computing, cloud-based infrastructure, wireless connectivity and cross-platform compatibility, giving users instant access to information, content and applications. “As a proudly-African brand focused on providing simple yet durable products, WOWBii aims to be the preferred interactive solutions provider on the continent. We are pleased to partner WOWBii to showcase EdTech solutions that can transform classrooms and enhance the learning experience across the continent,” said the Computer Village Expo 2019 organisers. Mrs Terae Onyeje, an avid believer in the power of technology for education reform and 21st-century workplace transformation, will share insights on how the tech ecosystem and educators can forge partnerships on this transformation journey. “The story of a successful Nigeria education reform cannot be told without Ikeja Computer Village technology. It is imperative we forge strong sustainable alliances with the key drivers of technology change as they support the showcase with EdTech”, said the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Wowbii Interactive. At Computer Village Expo 2019, Wowbii Interactive will be showing the Wowbudd, her classic interactive touchscreen, alongside other solutions that are helping Wowbii ‘transform the way Africa works and learns.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!