Keystone Bank Limited has introduced a simple banking USSD code *7111# to boost its committed of delivering convenient and superior customer experience to the Nigerian populace. The *7111# USSD (Unstructured Supplementary Service Data) banking solution enables Keystone Bank customers to conveniently perform third party transfers to both Keystone Bank and other bank account holders in Nigeria, open Keystone Bank accounts, buy airtime, pay bills and access a mini statement such as balance enquiry using their mobile phones without necessarily having internet data or airtime. ALSO READ: Keystone Bank empowers youths and business start-ups Keystone Bank rewards customers in ‘Growbiz Account… Keystone Bank restates commitment to sustainable environment… CIBN executives visit Keystone Bank mmanagement for… Atiku fails to prove Buhari, family’s involvement in… According to the lender, “the Keystone Bank *7111# USSD solution is a convenient, reliable, fast, secure, and affordable way to access your Keystone bank account 24/7 through mobile phones without internet data. We understand that our customers are always on the move pursuing their dreams, hence *7111# complements their daily lifestyle without stress when they are on the go. “To initiate transfers to a Keystone Bank account and beneficiaries in other banks, simply dial *7111*Amount*NUBAN Account No# from the mobile number registered with the bank. Also, you can top-up your airtime by dial *7111*Amount# and third-party top-up can be done by dialling *7111*Amount*Phone number#. Customers will then require the four digits PIN created at registration to authenticate each transaction”, the bank disclosed. Keystone Bank is a technology and service-driven commercial bank offering convenient and reliable solutions to its customers. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!