It is few days to November 16; a democratic roundabout for the people of Kogi State when they will decide either to make a turn or to forge ahead. The struggle, which is basically between the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and the opposing Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), already seems to have a predictable end. From observational trends, the battle appears to have taken the shape of a contest between a powerless masses and a powerful boss, raising the big question of who decides the fate? Supreme Court to give reasons for dismissing Atiku’s appeal against Buhari Friday The PDP on one hand has secured an internal harmony and a massive support that the party hasn’t tasted since the 2015 general elections through the 2016 gubernatorial and the 2019 general elections. Surprisingly, the party’s standard bearer, Engineer Musa Wada, came from ‘nowhere’ and squeezed a great wave while the APC on the other hand has had the state as its stronghold – an inheritance from their late hero, Prince Abubakar Audu. Does title matter? Nigeria’s treacherous dark alleys Smashing the old ways Reduction in cost of governance However, in recent times, the APC has suffered from internal factions; the Audu group and the Bello faction. The reinstatement of Natasha Akpoti of the Social Democratic Party is no doubt a big threat to these two strong contenders. These conditions alongside other immeasurable factors are waving a heavy red card in the face of the APC and their standard bearer, Yahaya Bello. Can the people of Kogi confide their trust in the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) as the transformer of their divergent wishes to make a collective rational choice? Can institutions and agencies maintain their ‘independent’ status to guarantee free, fair and credible election? Can the power of voters’ cards supersede the temptation of voters’ cash? If we can step out of our domain of fantasies and be realistic to ourselves, the most appropriate answer to these questions is a capital no. An average voter who witnessed election in Kogi State no matter the position contested, will in recent time, understand that conducting an election in Kogi State is just ceremonial, a waste of time and resources. Democracy has been put on a life support in Kogi. To this end, even though I cannot bring myself to accuse anybody or determine anybody’s fate, Kogi election may be rigged and I enjoin the people of Kogi state to expect the worst while preparing for the best.  Sule Matthew, Kano  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!