The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) in Bayelsa State have set up two transition committees to plan the successful handover of power from the outgoing governor, Hon. Seriake Dickson, to the governor-elect, Chief David Lyon, on February 15th, 2020. The committees, TribuneOnline learnt, are made up of former governorship aspirants, members of the Federal House of Representatives, party executive members and politicians drawn from the three senatorial districts. In the statement issued by the state chairman of the APC, Hon. Jothan Amos, the committee would be headed by the former acting governor of the state, Rt. Hon. Werinipre Davidson Seibarugu. ALSO READ: Poor conditions in hospitals are causing ‘silent genocide’, Zimbabwe medics on strike say Other members of the Transition Committee include Chief Obioha Oworibor as secretary, the members of the Federal House of Representative, Hon. Isreal Sunny-Goli, Hon. Preye Influence Oseke, Prof Millionaire F. N Abowei, Engr Fakuma Ilagha,  Dr Dennis Otiotio, the alternate Director-General of the David Lyon campaign organisation, Prof Seiyefa Brisibe, Barr James Oyeboa and Chief Beinmo Spiff. APC crisis: South-South leaders rally support for Oshiomhole LG Polls: Fintiri assures defectors equal opportunities in… PDP states brainstorm in Abuja on revenue drive Support Tinubu to succeed Buhari in 2023, youths tell APC… In a related development, the state governor, Hon. Seriake Dickson, on Tuesday, inaugurated two committees on the safety of government assets committee & immovable assets and investment committee, both of which are to serve as sub-committees of the transition committee earlier set up by his administration. Dickson, while performing the inauguration, emphasised the need for both committees to properly document the movable and immovable assets of government including investments which would form part of his hand over notes to the incoming government He remarked that when he took over the reins of leadership in 2012 there was no properly documented information on government assets, adding that as a responsible, responsive, accountable and transparent government he was prepared to change that by furnishing the incoming government with this information to enable it to take off smoothly. The Committee on immovable assets and investments has Mrs Funkazi Koroye-Crooks, who is also the Chief Special Adviser on Investment and International affairs, as Chairman. Tam Alazigha is Co-chairman while Patience Ranami Abbah is to serve as Secretary and Ikobho Anthony Howells, as a member. The Committee on the safety of government assets has Boma Spero Jack as Chairman, Vice Chairman, Commander Umoru, while the Principal Executive Secretary, Governors reps, liaison officer Lagos, PSO, CSP Okoyen and the Hon. commissioner for transport and a representative of the sss are to serve as members. Addressing newsmen shortly after the exercise, chairmen of both committees, Funkazi Koroye-crooks and Boma Spero Jack, in their separate remarks, commended Governor Dickson for setting up the committees as the reports would serve as a veritable pool of information for the incoming administration to hit the ground running. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!