One of the sociocultural organizations in the Ilorin metropolis, the Ilorin Emirate Integrity Youth Vanguard (IEIYV), has raised an alarm over prevalent cases of vandalism of boreholes and solar lights in some parts of Ilorin communities. In a statement signed by the group’s national president, Mallam Alaburo Sheriffdeen and media head, Mallam Ahmed Sodiq Shola, the group, particularly, expressed worry that solar light projects, meant to cater for patients in the hospital, were also not spared by the perpetrators of the criminal acts. “Report reaching us from different communities in Ilorin shows that the borehole machine and the solar street light battery are being stolen one by one by some miscreants in the community,” the statement read. It also listed affected communities to include but not limited to Adewole Clinic and maternity located at Adeta Roundabout (Ojukoto), Asesero, Akala in Kuntun area, Gaa Osibi, Alagbado area and Dada area. Others included Okelele secondary school, Alasinrin, Olojoku, Onikanga, Olodo and Babakeke of Adeta area compound, Owonwami compound, Oke Ebo, Pakata; all in Ilorin, the Kwara state capital. ALSO READ: EU top court rules Poland broke rule of law with judicial reforms “If someone is so bold enough to steal from a community hospital things that were supposed to be for saving lives, that means we have to make sure we put that kind of people or anyone involved in a correctional center. “These unspeakable acts being perpetrated by these rogues can eventually make government parastatals like the Ministry of Water Resources, Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural development and some notable philanthropists to cease bringing development to our community. So, we are urging everybody in the community to warn and talk to their children to stop vandalizing and looting of public property. “We are now using this medium to issue a strong warning to those that are perpetrating this act, to desist from it or else, if they are caught we will use all the power in us to prosecute them. “We are also appealing to the government to please provide and increase the security within our locality so as to make our people and infrastructure safe. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!