A Non-Governmental Organization, Christian Prevailing Movement (CPM) has said the court decision which discharged and acquitted the Senior Pastor of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), Biodun Fatoyinbo, of the rape case instituted by Busola Dakolo has vindicated faithful members of the church for standing by their founding pastor while the storm lasted. This is contained in a statement signed and issued in Abuja at the weekend by Isaac Okonkwo, the Publicity Secretary of the Organisation. While congratulating the Church and her Pastor, CPM said the victory, would help Pastor Fatoyinbo to do more for the Kingdom of God. ALSO READ: Avoid unauthorized journeys, Area coordinator warns Corps members “We congratulate the Senior Pastor of COZA, his family, friends and the loyal members of the Church who refused to abandon the Church and the Pastor”, the statement said. The statement said it learned that there were pressures being mounted on members of COZA to leave the Church because of the allegations leveled on Pastor Fatoyinbo. The statement further affirmed the position of members of the Church who stated that “We have absolute confidence in our God-sent father, mentor, counselor and a great servant of God, Reverend Biodun Fatoyinbo.” #BayelsaDecides: Boat carrying four journalists capsizes in… Dana Air flew 5.4 million passengers in 11 years ― Official Open defecation can increase rate of sexual assault on… Restructuring: Fashola fears `Brexit experience’ for Nigeria “You made a righteous choice to stand by him in the days of his adversity and the pains of public humiliations over claims which, according to the Judge ‘carries more cruelty in them than justice’ We thank God for justifying His servant and for not allowing the will of the adversary to prevail over him and the huge heavenly ministerial assignment He entrusted in his hands,” CPM said. The organisation which among other things advocates peace and unity of the Church in the country posited that “from the beginning, we insisted against the earlier argument of his lawyers to have the case thrown out as a result of its ‘frivolous and borders on extreme wickedness’ because we wanted the whole case to be heard by all because we have been fully and firmly persuaded that Fatoyinbo, is innocent. “We completely agree with the Pastor that this victory belongs to the Church of Jesus Christ and that he bears no grudge against those responsible for the trauma and public humiliations he and the Church suffered along with his immediate family. “Our prayers include but are not limited to the healing of the wounds and genuine repentance of those who were used in one way or the other to attack the Church that our Lord Jesus Christ built with His precious blood.” On the way forward, the group said “we are not unaware of the threat of Mrs. Busola Dakolo to proceed to the higher courts on appeal, we counsel her to accept the historic verdict in good faith. “To us, it is a case of no vanquished and no winner. However, if she insisted on appealing the matter, our God who delivered his Servant from the bear and lion shall surely deliver him from any Goliath that stands in his way in Jesus’ Name. “We are against Christians taking themselves to court because it is not biblical and there are processes of reconciliation listed in the Bible. We are the Light of the world. We are in the world but not of the world. There is more persecution in the country than to be fighting ourselves. “COZA is the Church of Jesus Christ and He has prayed that the gate of hell shall not prevail against her. The Church in Nigeria is marching on to victory over all forces of darkness in Jesus’ Name. Our God whom we trust will not fail us,” the statement added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!