AN Abuja-based businessman and founder of the Otunba Hassan Olawale Giwa Foundation, Alhaji Hassan Giwa, has called for more parental care for students. He made the call at the 2019 edition of the annual children’s get-together, organised by the Association of Model Islamic Schools (AMIS), Oyo State chapter, held last week at the Obafemi Awolowo Stadium, Oke-Ado, Ibadan. Giwa, who was the special guest at the event held in honour of the immediate past Minister of Communications, Alhaji Adebayo Shittu, commended the leadership of AMIS for championing the interests of Muslim schools and advancing the cause of Islam. Giwa urged the association to come up with ideas that would enhance the standard of education in member-schools to enable the students to compete favourably without negating the fundamental principles of Islam. We are in war situation in Nigeria ― Reps, Nigerian Army He implored parents to live up to expectations by giving priority attention to the education and wellbeing of their children. In his opening address, the Oyo State chairman of AMIS, Alhaji Lawal Abass, said the purpose of the programme was to strengthen the unity among the member-schools and the students. He said the association aimed at providing sound and quality Islamic and western education for the children. According to him, the decision to dedicate this year’s edition of the programme to Alhaji Shittu was because of his status as one of the founding fathers of the association. ZSF disburses N167m zakat in Lagos FOMWAN seeks prohibition of hawking by children FUTA Muslim graduates task undergraduates  on… Gov sues for peace, unity as group organises prayer for… Alhaji Abass appealed to the state governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, to review the proposition to double the levies of private schools as the association “is a partner in progress with the government.” In his keynote address, the state Commissioner for Education, Professor Dawud Shangodoyin, appreciated the member-schools’ proprietors and proprietresses for supporting the government by investing in education and the future of the state. Prof. Shangodoyin, who was represented, advised students of the AMIS member-schools to always obey their teachers in order to excel and achieve results. The honoree, Alhaji Shittu appreciated AMIS’ compliment and pledged his commitment to the progress and development of the association. The former minister expressed his happiness over the increase in the membership of the association which he said had increased from about 10 – when it was founded, with Oyo State chapter as first branch – to 2,000. Professor Wole Abass of the Department of Arabic and Islamic Studies, University of Ibadan, in a lecture, stated that Islam encourages socialisation but a good Muslim must be disciplined and possess a high level of integrity. Prof. Abass, while commending the teachers who devoted their time to imparting knowledge to the youngsters, urged parents to join hands with the teachers to give their children quality education. Also in attendance at the event were the senator representing Oyo South Senatorial District, Dr Kola Balogun, who was represented by Honourable Taoheed Ayorinde; Alhaji AbdulGaniyy Opatole; the Iya Adinni of Yorubaland, Alhaja Sekinat Adekola, among other dignitaries.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.