The National Parents Teachers Association in Nasarawa State (NAPTAN), has advocated for a law that would mandate government and civil servants to enrol their wards in public schools in the state. The NAPTAN Chairman, Umaru Ebeyan, made the plea in an interview with newsmen on Saturday in Lafia, saying most public servants deliberately neglected government own institutions simply because their children are enrolled in either private schools or schooling outside the country. He said there should be a law that would prescribe serious punishment for any official who fails to comply, adding that such person may even be asked to vacate their seat no matter how exalted the position he’s occupying. “It is really a shame that public officials think that public money is good, but public institutions are not good enough for them and their children to patronise. ALSO READ: Another Catholic priest kidnapped in Enugu Cleric charges youth on creativity,  productivity Artistes will no longer commit suicide —Pop Boy STEM education: Oyo govt restates commitment to encouraging… Hate speech: Death penalty is antithetical to development ―… “They are bestowed with the responsibility to make the public institutions work, so, they either do it sincerely or all of us should face the effects of their actions,” the NAPTAN Chairman added. Ebeyan also attributed that factor responsible for the falling standard of education in public schools to lack of motivation of the teachers by the government. He said that there was no implementation of promotions fro teachers for more than eight years, no annual increments, the government hardly supply chalks, dossiers among others to schools. He explained that how can a person working under this condition be motivated to put in his or her best when there is no carrier progression. He called on the government should also provide car/motorcycle and housing loans to teachers to create enabling environments for better service delivery. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!