His real name is Ajetomobi Bamidele Olamide Sunkanmi, but he is popularly known as Dele Bravo (Mr Turaya), which is his stage name. He has carved a niche for himself in the music industry in Nigeria and abroad for his brand of music which is a fusion of juju, highlife and probably fuji. In this interview with BODE ADEWUMI, he speaks on music and many other issues. Excerpts:  You have been singing for how many years now? I started my personal band in 1994. That is what I’ve been doing since then till date.  Would you say you are fulfilled as a musician? By God’s grace.  You must have had challenges in the course of your music; can you mention some of these challenges? Every business has its good and bad sides. I have witnessed and encountered a lot challenges since 1991 in this career. I can’t even remember any particular one that was outstanding as there were many. You master the style of music of the late Orlando Owoh, how did you come about this talent to sing just like him? I’ve been trying to mimic him when he was alive, when I was in secondary school before I became an artiste. When I started my career, people told me I sing like Orlando. I’m just a singer. It’s God’s grace.  When he was alive, was there any time that he challenged you that you were copying him? No. He only got angry when we met that I should have met him earlier than the time I met him.  If you don’t sing the way Orlando sings, do you sing other types of songs? Yes. My type of music is juju Makossa. I sing varieties apart from Orlando Owoh’s brand of music. It was only in my first album that I sang like Orlando. That’s why people say Dele Bravo sings like Orlando. I sing fuji, highlife, hip-hop, Makossa and contemporary music. Boko Haram, collaborators hibernating in FCT, other cities ― Report But a lot of people believe that if you don’t sing the kind of songs that Orlando sings that your audience don’t feel elated? May be, only God knows about that. People know me as a singer. When I did my first album ‘Thuraya Network’, that is what people still tag to my name as Dele Bravo that I use to sing like Orlando.  How many albums have you produced? I have Thuraya Network, One Man Landlord, Party Rider, Silverspoon. I can’t readily recollect all their titles, but I have like twelve albums.  When are you planning to release a new album for your fans? By God’s grace, that’ll be before Easter 2020. That’s something new for my fans to listen to.  Do you have an idea for the title? I don’t know the title yet. When the time comes, I’ll know. But what is on my mind is ‘Access Code’.  Why that particular title? If you’re doing anything in life, even if you want to enter your house, if you don’t have the access code, you’ll not be able to enter. Access code to greatness, access code to success, access code to positive things. So, that is why I’m thinking of naming it ‘Access Code’.  Is there anything you do apart from music? Yes. I’m into real estate and into other businesses like buying and selling.  How do you find time to do all these things in spite of your busy schedules? I only work at weekends. I only play music over weekends. When the week starts, I do other things apart from music.  Are you saying that if you get engagement for Mondays, Tuesdays, during the week, you will not honour it? I’ll surely honour it because I’ve been paid for the service already. So, I’ll honour it.  Do you still play at clubs and the likes? I do it once in a while when they invite me to come and play. But, I can’t do any club show for free again. So, that is why I do a once-in-a-while show.  Emmanuel Fayose rocks at 50 When NSC trained Nigerians on Norwegian seafoods Excitement, fun as Opera launches Opera News Hub LIMA showcases best of gospel music, arts on Sunday If someone wants to invite you, can we have an idea what the person may pay? My bill varies. It depends on distance. If you call me to come and play for you at Ilesa, you can’t compare it to what I’ll collect to play in Ibadan. So, it varies.  What are the other things you plan to do in the future? I’m planning to go into agriculture.  Why agriculture? Because I was born and brought up in that kind of environment. The interest in agriculture, in farming especially, has been in me for a long time.  Do you plan to stop singing? No, not for any reason.  Who are your role models, your mentors in your line of career? They are many. King Sunny Ade and many others, and the Almighty God.  Many people believe your music is more of Ibadan. Do you usually have engagements outside of Ibadan? Incidentally, though you may not know that most of my engagements are outside of Ibadan. I don’t normally play at parties in Ibadan as many that are my friends usually won’t want to pay. They don’t usually appreciate what they have at their doorsteps  Would you call yourself a national musician? International and not just national.  You are saying you have played outside the country? Mention two countries. Yes. United States, United Kingdom, UAE Dubai, Malaysia and many others.  What do you think you can do differently to make you more popular among the people, like King Sunny Ade? I’m already popular. I’m a popular artiste already. I only need to groom the people or the new generation with some singles that’ll trend in town again.  Most musicians are now trying to drift to hip-hop. Do you have that in your plans? I don’t because King Sunny Ade doesn’t sing hip-hop, Orlando never sang hip-hop, Shina Peters doesn’t sing hip-hop. If in any case I want to feature any hip-hop artiste, it’ll be those that sing in Yoruba, maybe like 9ice and Olamide.  Are you fulfilled as a musician? Yes, I’m fulfilled.  But you still have aspirations? Yes. Everybody has that in every business.  How will you feel if any of your children wants to take after you? I don’t pray so. But if it comes that way, there is nothing I can do.  But you said you are fulfilled. Then, what is wrong with one of your children showing interest in career? My father did sing. None of my family members is a singer. So, my own came the way it came. So, I can’t force any of my children to sing and in any case, I have just two kids. I’ve not seen any sign of any of them would be taking to music.  Are saying you have one wife because that is very unusual for people who are into showbiz? Yes, I’ve one wife and two kids.  What do you think the government can do to help the music industry, especially as regards piracy? I don’t have suggestion about that. They know piracy is not good and it is killing our business. They know how to control it. So, I can’t suggest any means of controlling it to them.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!