Feminism: Feat to Fallacy Being a human is not less than a miracle and to be a woman in this world is not less than a feat! Ever since humans have stepped their foot on this earth and considered themselves mature enough to consider themselves superior to other living beings, they have found themselves in a labyrinth of idiosyncrasies. How to tackle mass  failures, errors in English  language… ‘Cancer patients who use alternative medicine more than… Oyetola, Makinde laud UI on research devt KolaDaisi University donates anti-crime patrol van to… Those idiosyncrasies have been a part and parcel of this mortal world, which we are bound to face willingly or unwillingly. The dexterity of willingness and unwillingness have given birth to those aspects which have inflicted human beings to such an extent that we still even after scores of years are trying to find solace. Indeed! Being a human is not less than a miracle and to be a woman in this world is not less than a feat! Ever since human civilization, women have been on the brink of scores of atrocities and barbarities. How much it is heart-rending that we have always considered women inferior even after ironically labelling them as the better half of society. The society which comprises of both men and women have always turned always a blind eye whenever it comes to women. How much it is ironical that women had been a subject of unimaginable atrocities, sometimes in the name of tradition and other times in the name of basic civility. And it’s better if we do not discuss the diseased mentality of men, who consider women as an object as they are obsessed with the patriarchy. Without a shred of doubt, there have been several reforms in the varying time periods which have left no stone unturned to restore the dignity of women. There have been numerous examples in the pages of the history which have been a benchmark to those diseased, sick people who have been a blot to any civilized society. Isn’t it ironic that in this age of globalization when we have a lot to discuss and ponder upon the various burning issues, we are still wrapped in feminism? Isn’t this a sign of our own fallacies which we have failed to solve? Isn’t it a crystal clear picture of our own discrepancies which haunt us on a daily basis? Indeed! Our sensibilities and common sense pinch our thought-process which continuously reminds us to be a better human being. But alas! These reminders just remain a SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!