The Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Adetunji, praised the media over the objective role it played during the chieftaincy reform crisis which created a gulf between him and some high chiefs. Oba Adetunji noted that the media practitioners were dispassionate in their coverage of the events and also played a commendable role in the peace brokered by a former governor of the state and Osi Olubadan, Senator Rashidi Ladoja, in league with Otun Olubadan, High Chief Lekan Balogun, among others. The traditional ruler spoke at his palace in Ibadan on Wednesday when Mr Ademola Babalola, who is contesting for the chairmanship of the state chapter of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), led his team to the Olubadan for royal blessings ahead of the December 18 election. ALSO READ: Kogi will witness good governance under my watch ― Wada “The role of you media men played during the crisis can neither be quantified nor forgotten in a hurry,” said the Olubadan. The elevation of some Baales and High Chiefs to crown-wearing Obas following the Ibadan Chieftaincy declaration review by the last administration caused disaffection between the Olubadan and the elevated High Chiefs who did not attend functions and meetings at the palace for close to two years. 13 people including two children die in Lagos-Ibadan… BREAKING: Lagos PDP elects new executive despite restraining… Reps wade into lingering management crisis rocking NDDC Kwara holds open bid for construction of 26 urban roads “Many of you showed loyalty to the preservation of Ibadan cultural norms and tradition, and by extension peace and development of the great city of Ibadan in carrying out your assignments while the crisis lasted “The palace will continue to support the media in the state and maintain the cordial relationship with progressive-minded individuals in the state. “Let me first and for all welcome you to the palace. I am happy that you didn’t underrate the power of the palace. You have done well. I also want to thank you for the love you have shown me and the palace during the time of crisis in the Olubadan chieftaincy crisis. “You upheld the ethics of your profession. You stood by the palace, and we appreciate it. As you are going on your campaign, may God continue to go with you,” he said, wishing Babalola well in his aspiration. While responding, Babalola commended the Olubadan for his fatherly role in the ancient city. He said himself and his team were in the palace to receive the royal blessing, adding that he felt the “union should be salvaged and repositioned to be true havens for practising journalists.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!