Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship candidate in the Kogi Governorship Election, Musa Wada, has cast his vote with a call to the electorate to defend their votes. Wada and his elder brothers, former Governor Idris Wada, and Dr Ibrahim Wada, cast their votes at Odu Ward 4, Unit 001, Odu-Ogboyaga in Dekina Local Government Area of the state at about 9:15 a.m. Speaking shortly after casting his vote, the PDP governorship candidate urged the voters to stay tight and defend their votes, saying there was an attempt by “hooligans” to disrupt the exercise in one of the polling units earlier. On the conduct of the polls, Wada said, “it looks peaceful for now. “I have advised the voters to stay tight to defend their votes very well. So much security locks down. Police everywhere, this is because Anyigba is very volatile. #BayelsaDecides: Jonathan votes with wife in Otuoke, chides… Anambra govt declares Monday public holiday in honour of… Akinlade heads to Supreme Court, to challenge… 70 years on: Behold the 1st edition on Nigerian Tribune,… ALSO READ: #BayelsaDecides: Jonathan votes with wife in Otuoke, chides INEC “So, we advised that there should be proper security even at that, there were incidences of ballot box snatching.” On his expectation, Wada said, by God’s grace he would be the winner, saying “no matter what they do. What will be, will be.” The Polling Officer at the polling unit, Imokhuede Daniel, told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the election was going on smoothly with accreditation and voting going on simultaneously. “As it stands now, the only problem we have is that at one of the polling points, we have 2015 stamp, we have complained and it will be corrected although it will not have any effect because we will countersign with today’s date,” Daniel said. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!