The Ogun police command said it has arrested a 42-year-old woman, Temitope Akinola, for allegedly poisoning and killing her two-day-old granddaughter with a deadly insecticide, Sniper. The suspect, a resident of Isote area of Sagamu town, Sagamu Local Government Area of the state, was arrested on November 21 by operatives of the command. The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Abimbola Oyeyemi, in a statement, said the grandmother was arrested, following the information received by the police in Sagamu division that the baby left in the care of the suspect by her mother had been found dead. Oyeyemi said that the mother of the baby was reported to have gone to the bathroom only to return and discover the lifeless body of her baby. He noted that upon receiving the information, the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in charge of Sagamu, Okiki Agunbiade, dispatched detectives to the scene where the suspect was promptly arrested. ALSO READ: 2 factory workers die on duty Kashamu commends Buhari over Adoke’s arrest Ogun: Akinlade files notice of appeal at Supreme Court Unemployment: Ex-gov, Daniel, urges wealthy Nigerians to… Murder of PDP woman leader: 2023 scares us, PDP senators cry… The police spokesperson explained that upon interrogation, the suspect admitted poisoning and killing the baby because she didn’t like her daughter getting married to the father of the baby. “She confessed further that she had attempted to terminate the pregnancy, but her pastor had warned her against it, hence she waited for her daughter to deliver before carrying out her devilish intention. “She explained further that she poisoned the baby with a deadly insecticide known as Sniper,” he said. Oyeyemi stated that the corpse of the baby had been deposited at the morgue of the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital, Sagamu for autopsy. He added that the suspect had been transferred to the homicide section of the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department (SCIID) for further investigation and prosecution. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!