In the early hours of November 16, 1949, the legend, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, his jewel of inestimable value, Chief (Mrs) HID Awolowo, and their first son, the late Segun Awolowo, watched the very first copies of Nigerian Tribune roll out of the printing machine. In a chat with SEGUN OLATUNJI, DAPO OGUNWUSI and ABIODUN RAUFU, Editors of Nigerian Tribune, Sunday Tribune and Saturday Tribune, when the Nigerian Tribune turned 50 in 1999, the Yeyeoba of Ife recalled that very first night when history rolled out of the bowels of courage. Happy reading:  Mama, the day Tribune was first printed, on the evening of November 16, 1949, did you witness the actual maiden printing exercise? And how was it? I was there throughout that first night as well as Papa and my late son (Segun). We all witnessed the printing that night.  Around what time was that Around 12:00 midnight.  What feeling did you have when these copies were rolling out? I was quite happy and excited. You see, Papa and myself had been going there every evening to see the project for about two weeks to make sure everything was in order. Before that time, Papa was writing a series of articles in the Daily Times. He was writing on “Abrahall must go”. So, my late son jokingly enough, said “Papa but Tribune has not been writing on “Abrahall must go” and we all laughed and said we can’t start with that article.  Can you recall some dramatic events which you consider remarkable, either negative or positive in the life of Tribune? What I remember is that during the crisis, the travails and tribulations we had, you know, Papa was not around then. So, I had to take over the financial management from my own business because Papa had been using his own money to finance the Tribune. But this time he was not around I had to take it up. Even as far as paying the workers. There were times when I almost ran out of the house when the manager came maybe to collect funds.  Then, they used to come for money? Yes, because you know maybe we gave them just something to share, like two-two pounds each, which would not last them for so long. So, from time to time, they came for financial help and I was doing this from my own business then.  And you never felt like giving up the paper? When I remembered how painful it would be for Papa, I didn’t feel so because as soon as he came back from England, where he went to study, he told me that he wanted to go into politics and if one wanted to go into politics, one should have his paper because if you don’t have any newspaper, if you write anything and it is given to somebody or to a newspaper now, they wouldn’t carry such article. We all agreed that a newspaper should be established. How TB Joshua brokered peace in South Sudan, Tanzania Says Was there anytime when maybe because there were problems, you felt like packing the whole thing up? No. Because as I told you, it would cost Papa a lot of things and I knew his mind.  Tell us about those memorable hard times. There was a time that a head of government (I won’t mention names) said nobody should be seen with the Tribune. When the copies were printed, they would bring them down to our house at Oke-Bola covered with cloth or something like that and people would be coming to buy from there, only one penny. You would then hide it under your armpit and take it away. And there was another man whom the head of government detailed at Oke-Bola to keep watch to arrest anybody caught with Tribune. So, there was a day Mr. Biodun Falade just carelessly held one of the copies going back to his own house which was not too far from us. So, as soon as this man, the detailed man saw Falade, he arrested him. We had to run helter-skelter before we were able to bail him out. And people used to come from as far as Secretariat in Agodi to buy. It was only one penny.  What was the image of the paper like then? People liked it because they liked Papa and the party which he had. That was why they used to come to Oke-Bola to buy.  What name was it called? Tribune. Tribune is Tribune  What is your vision for the paper? Many things. Two days ago, I read that Tribune was voted second best paper in the country. I wish in the nearest future that the Tribune be seen and called the first paper in the country.  I’m the first Foursquare GO who is younger than the church… Leaving as Foursquare General Overseer is not a  retirement… AFC will pioneer early-stage funding of Nigeria’s… We must scrap this INEC now… —Olabode George What do you recall as Papa’s vision for the Tribune. It’s the progress of the paper that Papa wanted. Because I had taken up the chairmanship since Papa became the leader of government business. He had been managing the paper himself, but when he became the leader of government business, he said I should take up the chairmanship and since then, I’ve been the chairman. I was the Vice-Chairman before that time, thinking with him on how to produce the best in Tribune. Since we have been producing the Tribune, you know, everybody likes it. They still want it to be much greater.  What are those qualities that have made the Tribune an enduring and long-lasting paper? It’s the interest which we have in mind-interest of the readers and the staff. We have been changing management – directors, editors, etc. So, I think it’s because of the interest we have.  Do yo read cartoons in the Tribune? Can you recall some very good ones? There have been many cartoons which I read and I have laughed and laughed.  What legacy do you want Tribune to continue to represent? I want Tribune to be a high quality paper with excellent and exhaustive reports as well as a paper identified with the truth and honesty. Those are the things I will like it to be. To be a world-class paper that is honest and truthful.  What’s your opinion about the disenchantment of people with some of Papa’s erstwhile disciples? Do you think they would have behaved like this in Papa’s presence? Maybe they’ll not do so. It’s because Papa had promised to give people their dues. Well in his absence, now everybody wants to be a leader, that’s why things are like this. When people talk about Afenifere and not about the founder of Afenifere, I just laugh at them because I know what happened. Papa founded Afenifere through Egbe Omo Oduduwa. If anybody says he is the founder now, nobody will argue with him.  When Awo was alive, people were not behaving like this…? Well, I will say that it is because now the country is open to everybody to say that he or she is the leader now and you could say I’m the leader now and you could say you are the leader. But people know who the real leader is. The leadership of the country, people know… it’s a difficult country.  Let me congratulate you because experts will tell us that most times, its more difficult to sustain a legacy than to start it? Thank you very much, one thing I will say more is that it is because I’m part and parcel of the Tribune because Tribune is the first paper which I will read in the morning. If by 9 o’clock, I haven’t seen Tribune, I’m always worried. Like yesterday, it was about 9.30 a.m. before we got the Tribune. So, I was telling one of my drivers whether he would go to Ijebu-Ode to know what happened. I’m part and parcel of Tribune. I read it before I read any other paper, and if I see or hear of any portion that I think mustn’t be there, I will telephone to advise. I would call their attention and immediately there would be corrections. So, I’m more or less one of the staff of Tribune.  At the 50th anniversary media luncheon, Mr. Lade Bonuola mentioned the issue of Papa calling you jewel of inestimable value. Are there things going on now that you feel would not be so with Papa around? In fairness, having lived together for 50 years, such moments can’t but occur. As the idea of jewel of inestimable value, I think the basis of that statement could be traced to the close interaction we had together in the past. When we got married, he said he wanted a housewife which I didn’t like. My mother and grandmother were all traders and they protested. Eventually when Papa went abroad for studies, I withdrew the money he kept in the bank for our upkeep and started business. After some time, I started sending money to him from my income and he was surprised. He came back to say no more suffering, I should abandon the trade. I didn’t like that and we pulled it for some time. Eventually, he was glad I was into business. Anything about the home front, our children and such things, I took care for him. So, I think the comment might have come from such a feeling.  How frequently did he hold down issues or decision to have you advise him on them? He used to consult me on many issues and I would say let me think about it. I would then advise him. He would follow it and it was usually right.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!