The new commissioner of police in Lagos State, Hakeem Odumosu, has warned Area Commanders, Divisional Police Officers and Heads of units to “always be on the alert” and be responsive to their duties The new police boss, who resumed office on Monday also vowed to keep men and officers of the command on their toes. The new Lagos police chief, who officially took over from Zubairu Muazu, the now Assistant Inspector-General of Police (AIG)said his mission was to fight crime to a standstill and protect lives and property. CP Odumosu said: “Today is not a speech-making day, but I want to assure members of the public of my commitment in the fight against crime in Lagos. I am a believer in community policing. We are going to involve the citizens in the war against crime through community policing.” “We will keep our officers on their toes because I am here to fight crime. I can’t be awake while my officers are sleeping. I won’t take it,  my officers must be awake with me .” ALSO READ: Rape is a societal ill ― Oyo Attorney-General He also added that: “We are going to improve on what our predecessors did,  especially the outgoing AIG. I have been in Lagos. I have the wealth of experience and I am going to deplore that residual knowledge to the crime pattern in Lagos and frantically attack it. Three guards in court for allegedly stealing customer’s… Police smash armed robbery gang in Enugu Man killed, three injured in Lagos multiple accident 54-year-old man bathes, kills neighbour with hot water “I am coming to the table with measures to improve security in the State. The strategies are not meant to be disclosed on air, but I just want the public to partner with us because community policing is the thing and the basis of our success. I need the assistance of the public, it is a symbiotic relationship.” He emphasized that: “I repeat, I will put policemen on their toes to work round the clock. l can’t be a kerosine and expect a Divisional Police Officer (DPO) to be palm oil, they must be on the road. I am not just sitting in the office, so they must be on the road. “They are my officers and we have to work together. it is for them to do what they are paid to do. When I say on their toes, I mean they must work and ensure that the fundamental rights of human rights are guaranteed.” AIG Muazu, while handing over to the new Lagos CP called on his men and officers to give Odumosu maximum cooperation as they did to him. The outgoing commissioner said: “The fight against crime is not the CP’s business alone. The war is for everybody. You supported me and I want you to do the same too. “One of the major challenges that is still confronting the command is the issue of cultism. I want you to tackle it headlong. Kidnapping and bank robbery are things of the past.” AIG Muazu also said that: “I thank my predecessors, especially Retired AIG Kayode Aderanti, CP Fatai Owoseni and CP Edgal Imohimi, whose templates in crime-fighting I consolidated and improved on.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!