AN appeal has gone to Muslims to support efforts geared towards the successful hosting of the 1441 AH (2020) National Quran Recitation Competition in Lagos State. The chairman of the Local Organising Committee (LOC) of the event, Dr Abdul Fatai Olukoga, made the appeal while addressing a press conference in Lagos on Tuesday. Olukoga stated that the event would cost a lot in terms of money, logistics and moral assistance and so all well-meaning Muslims should rally round the organisers. He identified some challenges to contend with as the increasing number of participants, growth in the number of categories and the need to provide for large number of high-calibre guests that will grace the occasion. The competition will hold at the Teslim Balogun Stadium, Surulere, Lagos and the University of Lagos from December 27, 2019 to January 4, 2020.  The opening and closing ceremonies will take place at the stadium. It is the second time Lagos State will be playing host, having hosted the 1992 edition. Olukoga said Lagos was determined to not only make a success of the hosting but also ensure that its candidates put up a good showing in the competition. Akinola admonishes Muslims on peace, nation building Traditional ruler, others charge Nigerians on tolerance,… Gov donates cars, hajj slots to winners of Qur’an recitation… 5 orphans benefit from Ansar-Ud-Deen’s Eid-al Maulud… He recognised the contributions of eminent Muslims like the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar; the Oba of Lagos, Oba Rilwan Akiolu and the Baba Adini of Lagos, Sheikh Abdul Afeez Abou. Reiterating the importance of the competition, the LOC chairman quoted Surah al Araf (Chapter 7), Verse 204 of the Holy Qur’an as saying, “When the Qur’an is read, listen to it with attention and hold your peace, that you may receive mercy.” The event is being jointly organised by the National Council of Muslim Youth Organisations (NACOMYO) and the Muslim Community of Lagos State. The programme was introduced in Nigeria by the Centre for Islamic Studies of Usmanu Dan Fodiyo University, Sokoto, in 1986. It has held annually since then, bringing together Muslim youths who have committed the Qur’an to heart from all states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja. The competition will hold in six categories, each for male and female and each state is allowed to field competitors in maximum of five categories. Winners in the national competition represent Nigeria at various international competitions which normally hold in Saudi Arabia, Malaysia and other Muslim countries. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!