Air Peace last week took delivery of a Boeing 737-800NG aircraft to help sustain its expansion, domestic and regional operations. This is just as the airline has emerged the company of the year at the 2019 Business Hallmark People of the Year Awards, organised by the Hallmark Newspaper Group. According to a Corporate Communications Executive of the airline, Mr Stanley Olisa, “the new arrival is a 160-seater aircraft comprising 16 business class seats and 144 economy class seats. We are very glad to announce the acquisition of another aircraft, which is a 160-seater B737-800 New Generation aircraft.” He reiterated the resolve of the airline to spread its operations across the length and breadth of Nigeria, to ease the burden of travel within the country and the West African sub-region. NAMA commences test-run of category III ILS IATA emphasises need to allow aviation drive economy, social… Job loss, greatest challenge to planned airport… NAMA trains personnel to man Air Navigation Planning unit NASS moves to amend 1999 Constitution to increase presidential powers Air Peace, West and Central Africa’s largest airline, had last year become the first airline in sub-Saharan Africa to place a firm order for 10 B737 Max just as the airline earlier this year made an order for 20 brand new 124-seater E195-E2 jets from Embraer thereby making history as the launch customer of this new aircraft in the entire Africa. While receiving the award, the Chief of Finance and Administration, Air Peace, Mrs Ejiroghene Eghagha, expressed gratitude to the organisers of the award even as she stated that it was a great delight to know that Air Peace was being recognised as the company of the year. “It gladdens me and, of course, the entire team to know that Air Peace, West Africa’s largest carrier, is being recognised today as an airline that has significantly contributed to the growth of Nigeria’s aviation industry”.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!