THE Member representing Toro Federal Constituency of Bauchi State in the House of Representatives, Umar Muda Lawal, has donated 50 wheelchairs to physically challenged people in his constituency just as he has given letters of appointment to 200 aides. The politician also donated 50,000 textbooks and exercise to kids of different schools in the area while earlier in the Phase 1 of the procurement of the books, 10,000 exercise books have been distributed to schools in the area. While presenting the wheelchairs and the appointment letters to the beneficiaries in Toro on Saturday, he explained that the gesture is to serve as a source of empowerment scheme to his constituents and reduce the rate of joblessness among the people particularly the youths. Umar Muda Lawal announced the appointees to be in the categories Legislative aides, Special Advisers, Special Assistants, Coordinators, Youth and Women Leaders as well as other aides. ALSO READ:  Buhari orders ministry to complete Ajaokuta Steel Company Students, journalists count losses as fire guts lodge in… Bauchi gets mother, child centre from Agbami partners Road crashes claim 112 killed lives in Bauchi in six months… Bauchi IDPs decry lack of hospitals, schools in settlement Represented by one of his aides, Abduljalal Garkuwa, the Federal Lawmaker reassured his constituents of his determination to continue to support them through various means like grants, empowerment and other developmental activities. Umar Muda Lawal further assured that as long as he remains a member of the House of Representatives, he will ensure that developmental projects and programs were brought to the area stressing that his main concern is to see that the people enjoyed the dividends of democracy. He then called on them to remain law-abiding and peaceful as well as continue to support the APC led Federal Government in its resolve to take the country to the next level of the development just as he called on other elected representatives of the area to join him in the efforts to develop the area. The beneficiaries are drawn from the three districts in the local government comprising Jama’a, Lame and Toro. It will be recalled that the Federal Lawmaker had during the farming season procured and distributed tons of assorted fertilizers to the people of the area a development which boosted their output this year. Some of the beneficiaries who spoke commended the kind gesture of the Federal Lawmaker saying that what he did has gone to confirm that his election was not in vain urging him to continue to make a positive difference in the politics of the area. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!