Wife of immediate former governor of Oyo State, Mrs Florence Ajimobi, has charged Nigerians to always spread the light of their progress and achievements to extinguish darkness in the world. Mrs Ajimobi gave this charge on Thursday at a distinguished personality lecture she delivered at Ajayi Crowther University, Oyo. Mrs Ajimobi in a lecture entitled ‘Spread Your Light’ admonished Nigerians, particularly youths to take the bull of their lives by the horns and do something to make their desires come to pass. Telling her story of how she grew through life, career and business, Mrs Ajimobi said she had been involved in giving back to the community as a passion since she started earning income in the late 1970s. “There has been a decline in society in the past few decades. Things are not the way they used to be. “I am however convinced that if we all get our promises right and understood that we can change our world by being different and transmitting that difference to all those around us, things would begin to change one person at a time. ALSO READ: ‘NUC may raise standards in establishing private universities’ “My charge to you all today is that you should also be the light in your world, rather than sitting back and watching social injustices and global tragedies unfold, translate your feeling of sympathy into action,” she said. She called on Nigerians to look for opportunities to embark on community projects to address issues within their specific community. The former governor’s wife said such contributions could be as simple as donating a portion of their income or profits to a cause. “You may take it further by creating jobs within a community you care about. You can decide to host workshops or hold empowerment programs and people development initiatives to teach skills. “Whenever you get the opportunity, you can also lend your voice to advocating for diversity and inclusion on behalf of underrepresented groups,” she said. Nigerian Army tasks youths on peaceful co-existence Zambian govt condemns increased attacks on albinos CBN says Nigerian companies, individuals free to buy… JUST IN: Identity of sacked Osinbajo’s aides revealed Ajimobi added that relationships are hinged on the value a person has to offer, adding the greater the value, the more people treasure relationships with individuals. According to her, “more than creating enabling environment, I want to charge us who are here today to take our responsibility to our world a step further by reaching out to the less privilege in our immediate environment. “We must learn to assist friends who are going through a rough patch. We must also lift up members of our immediate and extended families by giving them fish when they are hungry and teaching them how to fish. ALSO READ: Nigeria@59: Youths need positive impacts ― Miss Nigeria “A candle doesn’t lose its illumination by lighting another candle. It burns brighter, creates more light and pursues darkness from its part of the world.” Earlier, the vice chancellor, Ajayi Crowther University, Professor Dapo Asaju, appreciated the former governor’s wife for accepting the offer to share her experience with the students. He said that those who have succeeded in life, governance and in business must tell their stories, saying a word to hear from Ajimobi may be the key to another person’s success story. “So, when mama came for the commissioning of Florence Ajimobi ICT Centre, I said ma I have one request and she said what is it. I said please come and deliver a special lecture here because I know that she has a story to tell. “It is not about the wealth, its about the strength. So, we requested her to come and address us. Very often, because political leaders are so busy about governance, they forget about their own personal credentials,” he said. Asaju appreciated her for contributing to the development of the institution and for instituting a scholarship to ten indigent students of the institution. He also thanked the husband for supporting the institution with an amount of money which he said was used to begin the Ajayi Crowther University College. The event also featured the inauguration of the institution’s ultra-modern cafeteria by Mrs Ajimobi. The event was attended by some former political appointees in the immediate past Ajimobi-led admimistration in the state.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.