Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has inaugurated four waste compactor trucks worth, several millions of naira, for use in the Ado-Ekiti metropolis, as part of steps geared towards ensuring a hygienic and safe capital city. Speaking in Ado Ekiti while handing the trucks over to the State Waste Management Authority, Fayemi said the procurement became necessary following indiscriminate disposal of waste by residents of the State capital, a situation he said could lead to an outbreak of diseases if not properly curtailed. The Governor added that the newly procured trucks would help the Waste Management Authority discharge its duties effectively and discourage citizens’ indiscriminate disposal of wastes in the drains and water channels. FG woos cooperative societies to provide mass housing,… Christ Embassy donates back-to-school kits to 100 pupils in… Spread your light to change the world, Ajimobi charges… Nigerian Army tasks youths on peaceful co-existence ALSO READ: Ekiti to arrest female genital mutilators Dr Fayemi noted that his administration had de-silted water channels and drainages in order to prevent flooding yet some residents preferred to dump refuse in the drains, leading to the blockage of many water channels and drainages. Receiving the keys to the trucks, the Sole Administrator of the EKWMA, Mr Bayo Kelekun, said the agency would now begin a house-to-house collection of waste so as to prevent residents from littering the streets of Ado Ekiti with waste. Kelekun who said the State capital has been divided into four zones in order to make waste collection easier, urged residents to cooperate with the government in ensuring a clean Ado Ekiti; adding that proper waste management would help in curtailing the spread of some airborne diseases. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.