The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), Ogbomoso,  on Monday suspended all academic activities pending the payment of their unpaid arrears. ASUU had on November 15, at its congress, given a 10-day ultimatum to the university to pay their August, September and October salaries or face an industrial crisis. The Union also threatened to withhold the Rain Semester results of 2018/2019 academic session until salaries are paid. “The Union gives the University administration till Friday 15th November 2019 to pay the salaries of August, September and October 2019, failure of which will cause the Union to hold a Congress on Monday 18th November 2019 where necessary action deemed fit will be taken. That rain semester results of 2018/2019 academic session would not be submitted until the said salaries are paid.” Varsity appeals for release of lecturer abducted three… Oyetola releases N472m to LAUTECH LAUTECH: Oyetola inaugurates 5-man panel, charges members to… Unpaid 11 months salaries: LAUTECH ASUU issues ultimatum,… ALSO READ: Gbadamosi to Nigerian youths: Seek leadership positions, participate actively in politics After a thorough review of the resolutions during another congress held on Monday at the 250 Lecture Theatre, LAUTECH Ogbomoso, the congress presided over by the branch Chairman, Dr Biodun Olaniran, agreed to suspend all academic activities immediately. They agreed that “2018/2019 rain semester results will not be released, no teaching of any form will be carried out, final year project defence of 2018/2019 has been put on hold” and that “the action starts immediately.” The university’s Vice-Chancellor, Professor Michael Ologunde, was said to have attributed non-payment of the salaries to non-release of subvention to it by the two co-owners, Osun and Oyo. When contacted, the Head, Public and Alumni Relations Unit, Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), Mr Lekan Fadeyi, said he was currently in Ibadan and could not ascertain the actual happenings on the campus. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!