THE Nasarawa state government, has expressed its commitment and desire to resuscitate the rich cultural values and heritage in the state in order to salvage them from extinction. Commissioner, Ministry for Information, Culture and Tourism, Mr Dogo Shammah Danladi, stated this in Lafia while addressing the technical organising committee for the 2019 Nasarawa State Festival (NAFEST) in his office. According to him, the state which is blessed with diverse tribes with a rich culture that is at the verge of collapse, stressing that in many homes children can hardly speak their local languages and in most cases had nothing portray their identities. His word; “It is unfortunate that our culture has declined, our children can hardly speak our language, in fact, they can’t even communicate the common good morning. “Our cultures are already been threatened by the external forces and I believe bringing this festival to bear is going to be the beginning of another life of our cultural heritage in the state.” Kogi govt seeks FG’s urgent intervention on flood… Appeal Court upholds Sanwo-Olu’s election Zimbabwe sacks over 200 doctors over strike action Bauchi govt to support religious organizations financially ALSO READ: Tension in Awka as tanker loaded with fuel falls again He affirmed the Nasarawa government’s readiness to support the organisers and also mobilize support for every ethnic nationality across the state to participate in the December 28th festivals. Earlier, the convener of the festival, Bello Akwanga, said the essence of the program is to harmonise various tribal festivities in the state, adding that preparation has already gone far and they are only left with little finishing touching for the kick start. He explained that the festival which is scheduled for December 28, to January 1st 2020, would avail all tribes the opportunity of displaying their rich cultures ranging from dance, drama, poetry, dambe, kokuwa, was an kaho among others. Akwanga, however, called for sponsors from both well-meaning individuals to see the success of the program. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.