IN furtherance of its goal to internationalise its programmes and produce highly competent graduates, Nigeria’s premier technical university, First Technical University, Ibadan, has signed a collaborative degree programme agreement with Girne American University in Cyprus. With this collaboration, interested undergraduates now have the choice of spending their first three or four years in Tech-U, depending on the course being studied, and thereafter proceed to Cyprus to complete their degree programmes in GAU. There is also the “top-up” agreement through which students can complete their courses at Tech-U and apply to complete their Masters degrees in GAU. Located in Kyrenia, Northern Cyprus, GAU, is Cyprus’ top-ranked University noted for its demonstrable leadership in science, technology and innovation. ALSO READ:  How a dying man was raised in Adamawa crusade — Bishop Zuga Ganduje promises to solve challenges of NYSC in Kano YCE condemns military’s operation positive… Appeal Court Verdict: Fayemi Congratulates Olujimi, says… Enugu Airport: FG has mobilized contractor to site ―… The programme is approved and coordinated by the National Universities Commission (NUC). While speaking at the signing of the collaboration, Dr Serhat Akpinar, the Chancellor of the Cyprus-based University expressed his delight at the partnership and pledged his unwavering commitment to the success of the programme, which would also involve partnership in research and faculty members’ exchange. Mrs Goddy-Nnadi agreed that the union will promote capacity-building and quality knowledge acquisition by Nigerian lecturers. Present at the ceremony which held in Girne, Cyprus, were the representatives of partner institutions and the Director of Skills Development and Entrepreneurship, NUC, Mrs Constance Goddy-Nnadi, who also represented the Commission’s Executive Secretary. Tech-U’s Vice Chancellor, Professor Ayobami Salami, affirmed that the partnership is in line with Tech-U’s vision of producing students who will not only change the diminishing job equation but also become key players within the national and international spaces. The agreement with GAU is coming a year after Tech-U signed an MOU on exchange programmes with Texas Technical University, USA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.