The producer of Nigeria’s blockbuster stage drama, “Hertitude”, Mrs Kesiena Obue, has said that the A-list drama would be staged at the National Theatre, Lagos in December. Obue told a news conference at the VIP Room, National Theatre, Iganmu, that the blockbuster stage drama had received lots of commendation, hence, the need for lovers of drama to enjoy it more. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported that Hertitude is a stage drama weaved on a storyline of a heartbroken single woman who later suffered a heart attack. The woman left behind with three daughters, Kesiena, Rume and Ogor, struggled to keep the home front through reunion. The story also screened a series of betrayals that eventually disrupted their already dysfunctional lives in a play that also takes the stage with dance and music. On the lessons from the drama, the playwright, Obue, who also wrote the blockbuster film, “Lagos Bling”, said the drama depicted all the social categories of life, the high, low and middle class. “The film, Hertitude, is metaphorical because it takes us round the three classes in the society, the elite, middle and lower and our moral pictures in life. Abideen Olasupo: Unlocking clean energy for Africans We’ll soon witness lots of M&As in the nation’s… FoodCo unfolds 37th anniversary plans Excitements, as Power Oil Walkhearton 4.0 ends in Rivers “When it comes to morality, the society has different standards and many only take sides when one of the morality does not favour them. It also parental abuse. “The play dwells so much on parental abuse which most people in the society don’t like to talk about and also the question of immorality which has been exemplified in the play. “Hertitude is like a smokescreen of what individuals are inside and what they really are inside when people are not there, the real ugliness inside us, our flaws and imperfections,” she said. Obue said that the drama also depicted a spiritual linkage which many seek ways to deal with societal ills. “Hertitude is a drama for all because it has the real lessons of life which many sseek for. It is like a spiritual healing for many seeking for help to find their compass. “The film also tells us about how to find ourselves out different and solutions provided around us which we must be able to decipher if it suits us or not. “The film, though it has women as principal characters, it is not a feminism storyline but a drama centred on women’s role and their impact in shaping the society,” she said. NAN reported that Hertitude will be on stage at the Cinema Hall 1, National Theatre from December14 to December 22. It will also return on December 25, Dec 28 and Dec. 29 at 5 p.m. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!