There is relative peace in Sagbama Town, headquarters of Sagbama Local Government Area, as electoral officials began work as early as 6 am, sorting out materials as well as taking delivery of unit materials in the Registration Area Center (RAC). In Sagbama Ward 10, the electoral officials were seen taking their materials from the RAC in Agbediowei playground to the various polling units where cubicles were set up for accreditation and voting simultaneously. In Oruereware Compound Square, Toru-Orua unit 5 Sagbama Ward 2, voting unit of the Governor of Bayelsa State, Hon. Seriake Dickson, accreditation and voting started about 8 am but as at 10:20 am the governor was yet to exercise his vote. At unit 1, 2, 6 and 12 the election officials set up the voting cubicle as well as posted the photocopy of the voters register on the walls in the area for eligible voters to first identify their names and numbers before approaching the electoral officials for accreditation and voting about 7.45 am. #BayelsaDecides: Dickson votes, alleges hijacking of voting… #BayelsaDecides: Jonathan votes with wife in Otuoke, chides… Anambra govt declares Monday public holiday in honour of… Akinlade heads to Supreme Court, to challenge… ALSO READ: #BayelsaDecides: Jonathan votes with wife in Otuoke, chides INEC Speaking to newsmen, the presiding officer in charge of polling unit 1 Sagbama Ward 10, Miss Esther Abaleke, said so far they have not encountered any difficulties and all items needed to carry out the function was intact. As at 7.45 am few voters had already arrived polling unit sorting out their names and waiting patiently to cast their vote. At Sagbama Ward 5 Ebedebiri, unit 14 and unit 15, started accreditation and voting about 8 am, eligible voters had queued up to exercise their franchise. So far in all the areas visited has been peaceful and there is a heavy presence of security agents. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!