Kwara state government has said that its sports rebirth policy is grounded in grassroots sports development strengthened by the provision of standard sports facilities and sports development centres in each of the 16 local government areas in the state. Speaking at the grand finale of the third edition of state Civil Service Games in Ilorin, Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq said that essence was to hunt for talents who will be groomed, nurtured and equipped with modern competitive skills through first-class training and coaching. The governor, who reaffirmed his resolve to deploy sports as a potent tool to control untoward acts among the youths, added that it would drive in aggressive economic opportunities for overall socio-economic development in the State. He also identified public-private partnership in the management of sports as a forte in raising efficiency and profitability for employment and wealth creation. Represented by his deputy, Mr Kayode Alabi, Governor AbdulRazaq pointed out that his Government is quite aware of the magnitude of the youths’ population in the state, positing that the government is adopting the development and empowerment of youths as one of the strategies for delivering effective governance to people of the state. ALSO READ: Air Peace takes delivery of another plane, wins company of the year award Bill & Melinda Gate, Dangote to partner Nasarawa govt… 13 people including two children die in Lagos-Ibadan… BREAKING: Lagos PDP elects new executive despite restraining… Reps wade into lingering management crisis rocking NDDC He further asserted that sports is an instrument for “image projection and a “big industry” that can be used to aid youths’ productivity positively. Mallam AbdulRazaq also revealed that his administration has embarked on various programmes across several sectors including health, agriculture, education, social service, water/electricity supply and integrated rural development for the benefit of the people of the state. Expressing his joy over the high level of maturity, discipline and enthusiasm displayed by the civil servants throughout the period of the games, the Governor wished the civil servants “pleasurable years of service”. Earlier in his address, the Chairman, Organising Committee, who is also the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Sports and Youth Development, Alhaji AbdulQuadir Shuaib Akanbi, appealed to the government to elevate the status of the sports fiesta by making it an annual event, this, he said, will fortify the harmony and stir sportsmanship among the civil servants in the State. The Permanent Secretary then used the medium to thank the participants for making the competition a successful one. The Championship, which began on the 6th of November, 2019, ended today Wednesday, 13th of November, 2019, with SUBEB taking the First Position, the Ministry of Works and Transport in the Second Position and the Office of the Head of Service winning the trophy for the Third Position, while numerous medals were presented to various active players. The grand finale was also honoured by the Deputy Speaker, Kwara State House of Assembly, Hon. Raphael Adetiba, Kwara State Head of Service, Mrs Suzan Modupe Oluwole, Permanent Secretaries in the State, Directors and others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!