Emirates Airlines has invited passengers, including those in Nigeria, to come on board its flights to Dubai and enjoy a fun-filled holiday this winter break. According to the airline, “solo travelers and families alike will be awed by the city’s many attractive offerings including shopping festivals, stunning beach resorts, fine dining, adventure waterparks and much more. With year-round sunshine and eclectic landmarks, – the city is an ideal holiday or stopover destination with something for everyone.” Under the arrangements, “visitors can take advantage and see more for less with My Emirates Pass,  a seasonal pass that turns an Emirates boarding pass into an exclusive membership package allowing customers to redeem discounts and special benefits in over 500 locations across the United Arab Emirates. Abideen Olasupo: Unlocking clean energy for Africans We’ll soon witness lots of M&As in the nation’s… FoodCo unfolds 37th anniversary plans Excitements, as Power Oil Walkhearton 4.0 ends in Rivers Travelers flying to and through Dubai between 1st January until 31st March 2020 can take advantage of the offer and enjoy up to 30 per cent off on retail outlets and up to 50 per cent off on leisure activities by simply presenting their boarding pass and a valid form of identification. Commenting on the development,Emirates’ Vice President, Commercial Products Dubai, Mohammad Al Hashimi said: “Dubai is a fantastic city with an ever growing list of attractions and experiences our customers can enjoy year-round.  Passengers flying to and through Dubai can avail unbeatable offers through My Emirates Pass and the Dubai Shopping Festival 2020. We look forward to continue working closely with our partners and to ensure we always provide our customers the best Dubai has to offer.” The Fly Emirates, Fly Better innovation allows passengers to Fly better on Emirates to Dubai and enjoy over 4,500 channels of entertainment on ice, the airline’s award-winning inflight entertainment system with passengers across all classes enjoying regionally inspired meals, complimentary beverages and up to 20 MB of free Wi-Fi. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!