The Senate has mandated its Committee on Water Resources to investigate the delay in the execution of Kagara dam in Niger state despite the receipt of funding to the tune of N7.7 billion from the Federal Government. Of more concern to the Senate was the fact that in spite of the huge funding and period of construction spanning almost 27 years, the Committee has two weeks to report its finding back to plenary. The upper chamber also called on the Federal Government to consider the socio-economic importance of the project and see to its completion without further delay. These were resolutions reached by the Senate sequel to the consideration of motion during plenary on Thursday. Sponsor of the motion, Senator Sani Musa (APC, Niger East), disclosed that the Kagara dam was first conceived and awarded by the Niger State Government to a Kano state-based company, WRECA, in 1992. ALSO READ: Lagos returns Ready Set Work programme, starts with four schools Lagos returns Ready Set Work programme, starts with four… ICC sentences Congolese rebel chief Ntaganda to 30 years in… Reps halt fees hike in UNIMAID Kogi guber: You have no power to disqualify candidate ―… The project, according to Senator Musa, was conceptualised to provide potable water and irrigation to Kagara and its environs. He added that due to the importance of the project, the Federal Government took over its execution and awarded the same to Biwater Shellaber (Nig.) Limited in December 1992 at the cost of N199, 222,596. The lawmaker said the project suffered neglect because of lack of funding which necessitated its renegotiation in the year 2001 at the cost of N2,219,746,244.75. He further disclosed that the Upper Niger River Basin Development Authority, which is the supervising agency, issued a revised estimated cost to complete the project in the year 2010 pegged at N5,555,416,689.78. “If this project continues to be operated in a ‘stop and go’ manner, the dream of our people for potable water and economic empowerment through irrigation farming will remain a mirage,” Senator Musa said. Senator Sani Musa is the sponsor of the vexed anti-free speech bill “protection from internet falsehood and manipulations bill, 2019” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.