THE Oyo State police command on Wednesday denied any invasion of Akobo communities by armed robbers leading to the death of one person. The command said the report of what transpired in the communities as presented in the media was wrong as nobody was killed. A statement by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Olugbenga Fadeyi, and made available to Tribune Online said some hoodlums attacked the night guard at Oriolowo shopping complex. He said, “The fact was that there was a distress call at about 0320 hours of November 4, 2019, to the Divisional Police headquarters, Akobo area, Ibadan that an unspecified number of hoodlums had attacked a night guard at Oriolowo shopping complex Akibo Ojurin, Ibadan. How a dying man was raised in Adamawa crusade — Bishop Zuga Don’t privatize water sector AUPCTRE, ERA/FoEN appeal… Bayelsa poll: 7 PDP govs, chairman, others storm Yenagoa Lagos fire: Sanwo-Olu visits Balogun market, sympathises… ALSO READ:  BREAKING: Popular Lagos Balogun Market on fire “In a swift response, the Akobo anti-crime patrol team raced to the scene where one Nwokede Promise ‘M’, a 26 years old night guard employed to secure the shopping complex was injured with bullet wounds. “He was rescued by the police team and rushed to the University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan for immediate medical attention. He was consequently admitted while the medical personnel on duty commenced immediate medical treatment and till date, he is still responding to treatment.” The police image maker, however, said the command was committed to the security of lives and property of the people of the state. Fadeyi also appealed to the media and the public to continue to support the state command to carry out its constitutional responsibilities. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.