African workers, under the International Trade Union Confederation-Africa (ITUC-Africa), ended its 4th Ordinary Congress at the weekend in Abuja, with an urgent call for fair trade within the continent to attract genuine investments end forced migration and poverty. They also demanded that the failed narrative for Africa be reversed because Africans are not a failed people; and does  not required another loan from Bretton Woods Institutions but repatriation of her stolen wealth stashed away in developed countries. In his address, the President of Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, said the only way Africa can attracts genuine investments, create decent jobs and ends forced migration and  poverty, is through fair trade. “Fair trade is the only way Africa can attract genuine investments on the continent, accumulate capital, industrialize, create decent jobs, bring peace, stop forced migration and beat poverty, disease and untimely death.” Comrade Wabba said. Nigerians and the burden of religion Orin-Ekiti: How herdsmen destroyed our multi-million naira… Socio-economic crisis, bane of crime and criminality… Workers demand policies for inclusive growth of chemical… According to the ITUC President: “Africans want global support and solidarity to institutionalize a democratic culture which epitome is political leadership recruitment that is popular, transparent, accountable and beholden to Africans. “We demand that the failed narrative for Africa be reversed because we are not a failed people. Africa does not need another handout. Africa does not need another loan from Bretton Woods Institutions. Africa is not asking for cheap favour. In fact, we demand the repatriation of our stolen wealth stashed away in developed economies. “Instead of free trade, we demand fair trade. Africa wants to add value to her raw materials and create jobs for our teeming youth. We want to export semi-finished and finished products for the global market without the overbearing restrictions of trade tariffs and unwieldy standardisation constraints placed by the developed world. “Africa wants to reverse her dismal contribution to global trade which United Nations Commission on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) 2015 Report puts at 2.39%.” He pointed out that the challenges before them as workers and as workers’ representative organizations are not only daunting but also almost overwhelming. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!