The governor of Oyo State, Engr. Seyi Makinde has stated that nothing would change his free education policy in the state, reiterating his resolve to remain dedicated to the four pillars of his administration and asking to be held accountable for the education sector of the state. The governor made this assertion at the church service marking the end of the weeklong activities commemorating the sixtieth anniversary of the All Saints’ Church, Jericho Ibadan. “And one of the things you should hold me accountable for, which I also don’t have serious challenges on is the education sector. I stand before you and in front of God’s altar to say that in Oyo State, under my watch, there will continue to be free and qualitative education. “This is our own way to alleviate poverty. When people are educated, I don’t need to give them grinding machines and some palliatives politicians normally give out. I will give them education and they will take their families, future families, out of poverty,” he stated. 22 students bag first class in Achievers University Ado Polytechnic suspends students union activities Bells University produces 68 first class graduates Nasarawa gov directs school principals to stop charging fees ALSO READ: FG to strengthen partnership with GMDs, stakeholders on health coverage The Governor who congratulated the All Saints Church and appreciated its members for their support during the electioneering period, charged the church to continue to pray for his administration. “I want to charge the church to continue to pray for us because the challenges before us are enormous. We believe that with your prayers every day, we will surmount those challenges and deliver good governance to Oyo State. I see Oyo State as a country on its own. Of course, in landmass, we are larger than over 20 countries in Africa. We are about the size of the country, Belgium. Yes, we do have limitations within the federal arrangement but we will do anything on our own for the benefit of Oyo State,” he asserted. Earlier, the Bishop of Ibadan Anglican Diocese, Most Reverend Joseph Akinfenwa challenged the leadership and members of the All Saint Church to be heavenly conscious, dedicated to the true worship of God, and make judicious use of its youths in the service of God. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.