A group, Movement for Peace and Unity (MPU), has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to order the release of Shia Muslim leader in Nigeria, Sheikh Ibrahim El-Zakzaky, to allow him to get access to medical treatment outside the country where his own doctors will attend to him, based on earlier court rulings in his favour that he be released for medical treatment abroad The group, under the aegis of the Initiative for Conciliation and Right Protection (ICRP), made the call on Friday in a statement jointly signed by Barrister B Hasan, Comrade Ekoja Godwin and Dr Abubakar Y. Abdallah, a copy of which was available to newsmen in Lagos. MPU also charged Buhari to order the release of Col. Sambo Dasuki (rtd.), former National Security Adviser (NSA) to former President Goodluck Jonathan and the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Mr Omoyele Sowore, as well as other political prisoners in the country. The group, while making the call, however, commended President Buhari for warning the police against excessive use of force in carrying out their enforcement duties in the country. ALSO READ: INEC reiterates commitment to fair, credible elections in Kogi Governors plan to lift 24m Nigerians out of poverty Lagos to procure tablets for teachers to improve teaching… Kogi/Bayelsa guber: Cancel polling units involved in… AEDC denies alleged case of vandalism, theft of NIPP… The group, while calling for the release of the detainees, contended that a key foundation for a prosperous and peaceful nation was a non-negotiable adherence to the rule of law, saying government needed to build its policy around the use of dialogue, conciliation, mediation and other alternative dispute resolution methods in the solution mix being used to arrest conflict and foster unity. According to it, “These methods can be equally applied to resolve the problems that have been existing between the Nigerian Shia Muslims as the Former United States of America’s Ambassador to Nigeria, John Campbell, has warned the federal government to tread cautiously in the way it is handling the case of the leader Sheikh Ibraheem El-Zakzaky,” assuring that as many devoted Nigerians as possible were working towards such objective. Speaking further, MPU warned that Nigeria as a country does not need any more violence, atrocities and damages, declaring that the atrocities already committed by Boko Haram and bandits were enough for the nation. Besides, the group said the country does not lack its own peaceful and effective solutions to problems, arguing that such could only be achieved through peace and unity as well as collective participation in all activities that would promote peace in the country. “Nigeria does not need more violence, more atrocities and damages. The atrocities already committed by Boko Haram and Bandits are enough. “Nigeria does not lack its own Peaceful and Effective Solutions, that can only be achieved through peace and unity as well as collective participation in all activities that will promote peace in the country,” MPU stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.