THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has said that it has yet to commence the sale of the 2020/21 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) application forms. The Head of Media of JAMB, Dr Fabian Benjamin, made this known in a telephone interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Abuja. He explained that the board was still preoccupied with admission and so, had not commenced the sale of form. UI converts non-teaching staff to academic staff ranks “There is an information being circulated presently that the board will soon commence the sale of 2020 UTME forms in January while others even said it had commenced already. “This is not true because we have not rolled out our forms for sale yet; admission into tertiary institutions is still ongoing and has not closed yet because we work with a calendar. “Nigerians should disregard what is being circulated; it is the antics of fraudsters who want to hoodwink unsuspecting members of the public and dupe them of their hard-earned income. No one is too powerful for me to control — Buhari Buhari secretly pursuing third term agenda —Falana Human trafficking:  64 rescued in Mali Kogi/Bayelsa guber: Cancel polling units involved  in… “When we commence the sale, we have our official channels like our Twitter handle to pass the information and we would also advertise it to alert the public,’’ he said. NAN recalls that the board had earlier stated that the first choice admission for public universities, which commenced from August 2, would last till November 16. It also stated that admissions into private universities, which commenced from August 21, would end on February 15, 2020, while the second choice admissions for public universities would be between November 17 and December 17. On the need for prospective applicants to acquire a National Identification Number (NIN) before registering for the examination, Benjamin said that the board was still in talks with the National Identification Management Commission (NIMC). Benjamin added that: “Our partnership with NIMC is not a unilateral decision by the board. “It is the directive by the Federal Government that NIMC is the sole agency of data collection; therefore, we must work with them. “People may go through one or two challenges in the process but that is the price we have to pay as a nation in order to address some of the challenges before us.’’  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.