Lagos State Environmental and Special Offences Agency (Task Force) has ordered all illegal traders, roadside mechanics and iron benders especially those impeding the free flow of traffic across the state to relocate immediately as anyone caught during the enforcement which has since been given force of effect, would be severely dealt with in accordance with the law. The agency also directed that owners of abandoned vehicles particularly those ones around police stations across the state must remove them immediately to avoid being severely dealt with too in accordance with the law. This was just as the enforcement team of the agency over the weekend cleared the entire Ikeja GRA, Mopol 20 Barracks and surroundings of the Lagos Police Command of illegal traders, Vulganizers, illegal beer parlour, block moulders, Okada riders, abandoned/accidented vehicles and illegal tricycle operators. Task Force chairman, CSP Olayinka Egbeyemi, gave this charge, disclosing that this followed the directive issued by the State Commissioner of Police, CP Hakeem Odumosu, to operatives of the agency to clamp down on all violators of the State Environmental Laws, especially those impeding the free flow of traffic across Lagos. ALSO READ: Shun cultism, drugs, other vices, Gbajabiamila urges students Lagos to revive Songhai agricultural youth empowerment… Man drowns while swimming at National Stadium Railway construction: Nigerian Army relocates units to Epe,… Lagos Assembly approves N250bn loan, suspends council boss Egbeyemi, in a statement made available to newsmen by the spokesperson of the agency, Mr Taofiq Adebayo, disclosed that the directive became imperative as a way of sanitising the environment and ensuring the free flow of traffic for all road users. According to him, the directive also empowers the agency to clear all illegal traders, abandoned vehicles, roadside mechanics, miscreants, ‘Okada’ and tackle other activities constituting environmental nuisance across the state, adding that the directive was to be jointly carried out with Lagos State Environmental Sanitation Corps (LAGESC) and the Lagos State Neighbourhood Safety Corps. The Task Force boss noted that with many ongoing road rehabilitation projects across the state, there was an urgent need to create a free flow of traffic for motorists by clearing all obstructions on Lagos roads. He said areas to be covered during the enforcement operations include Igando, Ikorodu, Ajah, Mile 2, Obalende, Oyingbo, Dopemu, Iyana-Ipaja, Agege, Ojota, Idimu, Yaba, Ikate-Elegushi, Apple Junction (Festac), Bogije and Mushin. Egbeyemi commended the new commissioner of police on his directive to all Divisional Police Officers (DPO) to support the agency’s clampdown on illegal commercial motorcycle operators, especially those plying restricted routes, including highways and bridges across the state. He, however, enjoined members of the public to support the agency by providing useful security information about criminal activities around them to security agencies through the Lagos State free Emergency Toll Lines 112 and 767. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!