The National Union of Textile, Garment and Tailoring Workers of Nigeria (NUTGTWN) has said that the textile and garment sector will generate 2.5 million jobs, out of President Muhammadu Buhari’s envisioned 100 million jobs in a decade. After its 31st national education conference in Abuja, the union commended President Buhari for changing the narrative of textile industry from that of closure to revival and recovery. It also commended the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) for its development financing initiatives on cotton seeds to farmers, restructured Bank of Industry (BoI) loans to the spinning and weaving mills and facilitating the historic signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the textile mills and uniformed services-the army, navy, police, Federal Roads Safety Commission, National Security and Civil Defence Commission, Nigeria Customs, Nigerian Immigration Service, National Youth Service Corps and others for their uniforms to be produced locally. Some sex workers we take off the street still express urge to have sex during rehabilitation —Bello The communique signed by NUTGTWN president, Mr John Adaji and the general secretary, Mr Issa Aremu, said: “President Buhari had envisioned 100 million jobs in a decade. Textile and garment sector promises as many as 2.5 million direct jobs.” It reaffirmed that the textile industry remains the key driver of sustainable jobs and development for most national economies of developing nations like Nigeria. “Indeed, for Nigeria and Africa to meet the Sustainable Development Goal 2030, especially SDG 9 dealing with industry and innovation, the African continent must innovate and industrialise. Private schools in Lagos now 18,573 ― Commissioner Nigeria can only attain prosperity through effective… Aroke, jailed internet fraudster, still coordinates $100… NASS: N1tn spent on constituency projects in 10 years… Africa must copy China’s industrialisation drive which has within 20 years moved over 250 million people out of poverty through manufacturing and industrialisation. The union commended the Bank of Industry (BoI) under the leadership of Mr. Olukayode Pitan for sustainable financing to textile operators to aid recovery. It stated that the implementation of the Cotton Tailoring and Garment (CTG) policy is taking place at the time most African countries including Nigeria had signed on to the Africa Continental Free Trade Agreement (ACFTA). The union called on the Federal Government to develop a comprehensive strategy to fully optimise the benefits of ACFTA with necessary safeguards in place to prevent and apprehend unfair trading practices such as smuggling and dumping. It supported the current closure of Nigerian borders  by  Nigeria Customs  Service (NCS) as part of the strategies to combat smuggling while calling on the Nigeria’s Customs to effectively enforce the directive. It further commended the directive by President Buhari for special fund by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and Industrial Training Fund (ITF) for capacity building and training of workers in the cotton, textile and garment value chain against the background of the new CTG policy and signing of the ACFTA. The union advised that the fund must be channelled through the National Union of Textile Garment and Tailoring Workers of Nigeria.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!