In a bid to promote road safety awareness and to encourage selfless contribution in service to humanity, the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Oyo State Sector Command, on 19th November 2019, inducted 303 enlisted Special Marshals. The 2019 sectoral workshop and induction with the theme “FRSC, Special Marshals yesterday, today and tomorrow”, took place at The Florentina Events Centre, Bashorun, Ibadan. Delivering his keynote address, the National Coordinator of FRSC, Dr Sini Titsi Kwabe, stated that the Special Marshals’ group in Nigeria is reputed to be the largest and biggest volunteer law enforcement body in the world with powers to enforce road traffic laws making it unique from others. ALSO READ: Border closure: Lagos Assembly berates seizure of farm produce by customs in Badagry He also emphasised on their goal, which is to impact positively in the lives of people by promoting corporate social responsibility to immediate communities. “Nigerians are yet to come to terms with the reality that it is no longer the responsibility of the government alone to address the menace that comes with Traffic Safety neglects. It’s too early to assess Makinde’s govt ― Alao Akala Appeal Court nullifies APC’s petition against PDP… Appeal Court returns PDP Assembly member Seven persons die in Osun auto crash “Everyone is at risk because mobility by road transport mode is almost inevitable in Nigeria, that is why we as Special Marshals have to step up our game for better and more effective performance.” Also speaking at the event, Uche Chukwurah, who is the Oyo State Sector Commander, said that the Special Marshals, who are men and women of proven integrity, have been carefully selected and groomed. She reminded them that the position “is a call to service that requires full commitment and active participation to achieve the core desire of bringing down crashes.” The Zonal Commanding Officer, Osogbo, ACM Godwin Ogagaoghene, also added that the theme helps to give a correct notion about the Special Marshals and to restrategise for more effectiveness. Earlier in his welcome address, the State Coordinator for Oyo State Special Marshals, Alh Saka Adepoju, who described the occasion as a milestone in the history of FRSC in Oyo State said that a new modern office at Eleyele, Ibadan, has just been built and a brand new Sienna bus was commissioned at the end of the event. Two honorary Special Marshals namely Otunba Kunle Kalejaiye and the Aare Musulumi of Yorubaland, Edo and Delta, Alhaji Dauda Makanjuola were also decorated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!