Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has described the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) as a beacon of hope and reference point when it comes to productive channelling of youthful intelligence, energy and skills for national development. He made this statement at the official swearing-in ceremony for the 2019 batch ‘C’ (stream 1) corps members at the NYSC permanent orientation camp, Iseyin, Oyo State. The Governor, ably represented by his deputy, Rauf Aderemi Olaniyan, tasked the corps members to contribute their quota towards the overall growth and development of the country. “The success of every service year is dependent on the foundation laid during the orientation exercise. “It is a programme designed to equip the vibrant and active youth morally, physically, socially and psychologically and to prepare them to overcome future challenges,” he said. Ganduje promises to solve challenges of NYSC in Kano YCE condemns military’s operation positive… Appeal Court Verdict: Fayemi Congratulates Olujimi, says… Enugu Airport: FG has mobilized contractor to site ―… ALSO READ: World Bank, AFDB and others should begin to look at human infrastructure ― Sanusi Rauf Olaniyan further implored the corps members to utilise every opportunity made available to them during the course of the service year and charged them to uphold the core values of the NYSC scheme. In her opening address, the NYSC Oyo State coordinator, Mrs Ambekemo O. Eniola, stated that a total of 2171 prospective corps members comprising of 874 males and 1297 females, were registered. While congratulating them on the new feat, she enjoined them to be disciplined and law-abiding through the course of their service year. The state coordinator also asked for the assistance of the state government to provide an ultramodern auditorium, additional hostel blocks and toilet facilities for corps members deployed to the state. While expressing his delight about having the newly sworn-in corps members in Oyo State, the commissioner for youths and sports, Honourable Seun Fakorede, also urged them to make friends and share ideas with one another while upholding the core values of the NYSC scheme. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.