The17th meeting of the National Council on Science and Technology ended in Awka, the Anambra State capital, with the adoption of the report of the 16th meeting at Nasarawa State as a working document for the council. Our correspondent gathered that in his opening remark, the Minister of State for Science and Technology, Barrister Mohammed Abdullahi, said the ministry is geared towards synergizing with the Organised Private Sector at achieving the commercialization of research and development results for optimal use by the citizens. While describing the theme “Moving Nigeria from import dependant to sustainable self reliant and exporting nation through Science, Technology and Innovation” as very apt in view of the numerous challenges facing the country such as security, rampant increase of smuggling across the borders among others, Barrister Abdullahi assured that the present administration has initiated guided reforms for the growth, development and general well-being of the citizens. He commended Governor Willie Obiano and the entire people of the state for hosting the council, noting that the hospitality they received is immeasurable. Yuletide: Obiano declares free transportation for commuters… Police arrest tricycles snatching specialist in Anambra New tax regime will discourage new investment, erode ERGP… Police rescue three children, arrest suspected traffickers… ALSO READ: Construction of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano gas pipeline begins soon —Buhari In her goodwill message, the chairman, Senate Committee on Science and Technology and the Senator representing Anambra Central in the National Assembly, Senator Uche Ekwunife, who said that Science, Technology and Innovation has a pivotal role in transforming Nigeria into a sustainable and self-reliant nation, called for the urgent need to harness and develop the manufacturing sector as a means of boosting economic activity. Senator Ekwunife, however, assured legislative support towards taking the country from being import dependant to the sustainable self-reliant and exporting nation. Earlier in her welcome address, the Anambra state Commissioner for Tertiary Education, Science and Technology, Professor Theresa Obiekezie, who said that the state is open for collaborative engagements, called on the Federal Ministry of Science and Technology and its Agencies to always put Anambra state in the first line of States to be carried along in their activities. Professor Obiekezie noted that since the National Council on Science and Technology aims at promoting the scientific development and technological modernization of Nigeria through developing high-level human resources, promoting and maintaining specific research projects, disseminating scientific and Technological information, all State governments should endeavour to start using made-in- Nigeria cars. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!