THE Federal Government has declared Monday, November 11, 2019, as Public Holiday to mark the 2019 Eid-El-Maulud celebration in commemoration of the birthday of the Holy Prophet Muhammad. Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Adesoji Aregbesola, made the declaration on Thursday in Abuja on behalf of the Federal Government. This was contained in a statement by the Director, Press & Public Relations, Ministry of Interior, Mr Mohammed Manga and made available to newsmen. The Minister congratulated the Muslim Faithful on the occasion and enjoined them to live within the virtues and teachings of the Holy Prophet Muhammad, which are; love, courage and perseverance, adding that doing so would guarantee peace and security in the country. Lagos returns Ready Set Work programme, starts with four… ICC sentences Congolese rebel chief Ntaganda to 30 years in… Reps halt fees hike in UNIMAID Kogi guber: You have no power to disqualify candidate ―… ALSO READ: UI converts non-teaching staff to academic staff ranks Aregbesola expressed confidence that the challenges confronting Nigeria at the moment would soon be over, and therefore, called on Nigerians to remain focused and determined. He assured that with the immense potentials the country is endowed with, coupled with its human and natural resources if tapped and properly utilised, Nigeria would sooner than later join the league of developed nations. “With love, commitment, self-sacrifice, patience and patriotism, we will certainly, build a greater Nigeria,” Aregbesola said. While wishing Nigerians a happy and peaceful Eid-El-Maulud celebration, the minister restated the government’s desire to ensure a peaceful and secure environment for all Nigerians, urging all citizens to pursue love for one another. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.