The House of Representatives on Thursday tasked Nigeria Police and Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) on the need to end activities of criminals in Zamfara State. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon Shehu Ahmed who frowned at the low presence of security personnel across the State. Worried by the development, the House urged the Inspector–General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu to upgrade the Maru Divisional Police station to the status of an Area command as well as establish a Mobile Police (MOPOL) squadron Unit in Dansadau Emirate to complement the Police Divisions in Maru/Bungudu Federal Constituency. The House also urged Commandant-General of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) to deploy more personnel to the Constituency to check the activities of criminals. Ganduje promises to solve challenges of NYSC in Kano YCE condemns military’s operation positive… Appeal Court Verdict: Fayemi Congratulates Olujimi, says… Enugu Airport: FG has mobilized contractor to site ―… In his lead debate, Hon Ahmed expressed concern over the menace of security challenges bedevilling Zamfara State over the past eight years with attendant consequences on food security and employment. ALSO READ: N263bn port revenue: Senate to investigate OMSL, security agencies “The House also notes that Maru LGA is one of the Local Government Areas with the largest landmass in Nigeria with a population of over 70,000 inhabitants and also shares boundaries in the west with Kebbi and Niger States and to the South, Birnin Gwari in Kaduna State and Dandume in Katsina State. “The House is aware that Maru/Bungudu Federal Constituency has a thick forest which serves as a haven for criminals and despite the increasing criminal activities in Zamfara State, there is very low presence of security personnel in the State and as the Police presence could be put at the ratio of 1 policeman to over 5,000 persons in the constituency, making it below the United Nation’s standard of 1 policeman to 400 citizens,” he stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.