My commitment to delivering unparalleled representation… Tribunal upholds election victory for Kolawole, House of… BREAKING: Gunmen abduct two lecturers in Kaduna, demand N5m… 91 jailed for rape, defilement in Edo Lamidi Adesina, who was Governor of the state between 1999-2003 on the platform of Alliance for Democracy (AD), died on November 11, 2012. At the remembrance prayer and lecture which was held at the Gbadamosi Olowoporoku Adeshina Central Mosque, Felele Layout, Ibadan, politicians, associates and political children of the former governor resolved that the memory and ideology of Lam must be preserved and honoured. They noted that since the death of the former governor, the state has not been produced another progressive governor to fill the vacuum left by his death. Politicians at the event include those from the All Progressive Congress (APC), the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), African Democratic Congress (ADC), African Democratic Party (ADP) among others. Some of the dignitaries who joined the family the event include a former deputy governor, Iyiola Oladokun, Chief Micheal Koleosho, Senator Monsurat Sunmonu and former members of the state House of Assembly and Lam’s cabinet members. ALSO READ: Obaseki felicitates with Muslims on Eid-el-Maulud Others are Commissioner for Information, Culture and Tourism, Dr Wasiu Olatunbosun and his counterpart at the Ministry of Energy, Mr Seun Ashamu, former deputy speaker, Oyo State House of Assembly, Mr Musah Abdulwasi, ex-lawmaker Segun Olaleye among others. The highpoint of the event was the presentation of bursary awards of N10,000 to 120 indigenous students through the Omo Olore Educational Support Scheme founded by Honourable Dapo Lam. Speaking, Chief Koleosho called on the people who share the political beliefs as Lam to come together in the interest of the development of the state. Senator Sunmonu recounted how she was encouraged by Late Lam to join politics in the interest of development and never sort any material gain from anyone. Olatunbosun, Abdulwasil and Olaleye also in their remarks noted that the vacuum created by the death has not been filled by anyone else till date, adding that the ideology of late Lam goes beyond political party interests. Giving a hint as to why the bursary was presented, a son of the former governor who served as a member of the Eight House of Representative, Mr Dapo Lam Adeshina, said his father believed so much in education as a means of liberating ignorance, adding that the beneficiaries would continue to grow year-in-year-out. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!