Institute of Information Management (IIM) has advocated for the transformation and repositioning of the Ministry of Culture and Information for effective data management. The President and Chairman Governing Council of the institute, Dr. Oyedokun Ayodeji made this known at the press briefing of the National Information Management Stakeholders Forum held yesterday in Lagos. Ayodeji also called for the establishment of the National Information Management Development Agency (NIMDA) so as to ensure a good data and information governance regime in the country. “The National Information Management Stakeholders’ Forum would like to recommend the need for the Ministry of Information and Culture to be transformed and repositioned to enable it to take its rightful position as it concerns data, information, records, archives, and contents management in Nigeria. “A possible separation of the Ministry from Culture and the ultimate establishment of a relevant agency (National Information Management Development Agency (NIMDA) which will be tasked with managing the information lifecycle of data, information, documents, contents and archives generated by all government agencies, ensuring enabling standards, specifications, processes, laws, and policies are in place for a good data and information governance regime in the country. “Setting the standards and ensuring that qualified and certified personnel are assigned to the management of government data and information. Developing and promoting best practices in government business processes and providing adequate training and monitoring for data and information management personnel in government. ALSO READ: Yuletide: Obiano declares free transportation for commuters in Anambra “Ensuring all government MDAs comply with standards, processes, procedures, and specifications as it applies to data, information, records, content, and archives use, classification, storage, collaboration, retention, and disposition. “Work with other relevant government agencies in ensuring appropriate information management and technology tools are deployed at all government MDAs for effective information security and governance and so on,” Ayodeji said. While noting that the pace of change and the challenges of the digital era has propelled new opportunities, he also said the industry is facing new risks. Ayodeji stated that strong leadership, governance and professionalism in data, information, records, contents and knowledge management is key, both to seizing opportunities and meeting the challenges ahead. The president noted that government and a good number of organisations are yet to regard data and information as essential corporate assets, with a clear understanding of the difference between Information Technology and Information Management (IM). He added that there is a need for the industry to effectively and consistently engage the Ministry of Information and Culture, as effective data and information governance will go a long way in ensuring the success of the initiative for an effective National Digital Economy Policy implementation. Ayodeji added that there is the need for information management professionals in the industry charged with managing the information lifecycle to evolve and assume their rightful position, as Information Management is gross misconceived in Nigeria cannot be overemphasised. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!