THE West African Examinations Council (WAEC), on Friday, in Lagos, released the results of the November/December West African Senior School Certificate Examinations (WASSCE), for private candidates for this year (second series). A total of 94, 884 candidates sat for the examination out of which 33, 304 (representing 35.10 per cent) made credits and above in, at least, five mandatory subjects, including English Language and Mathematics. There is a slight fall in this year’s performance when compared with last year’s result where a total of 35.64 per cent made credits and above in, at least, five mandatory subjects. The Head of National Office, WAEC Nigeria, Mr Olu Adenipekun, who announced the release of the results at a media conference in Lagos, said the results of 9, 457 (representing 9.74%) of the total number of candidates who sat for the examination were withheld in connection with examination malpractices. #BayelsaDecides: Boat carrying four journalists capsizes in… Dana Air flew 5.4 million passengers in 11 years ― Official Open defecation can increase rate of sexual assault on… Restructuring: Fashola fears `Brexit experience’ for Nigeria How TB Joshua brokered peace in South Sudan, Tanzania Says Saying that their cases would be investigated, Adenipekun explained that only 16,431 out of the total 47,237 male candidates who sat for the examination (representing 49.39 per cent) of the total candidates had the minimum credit pass in five mandatory subjects while 16, 873 out of the total 47, 647 female candidates (representing 50.66 per cent) passed the mandatory subjects in the examination. A total of 110 candidates with special needs, including visually and hearing impaired and spastic cum mentally challenged, sat for the examination with their results fully processed and released. Three essay papers, namely Economics 2, Commerce 2 and Civic Education 2, were reportedly marked electronically.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!