THE Niger State government has announced the immediate cancellation of the recent recruitment of 2,500 teachers carried out by the State Universal Basic Education Board. The development followed complaints and public outcry that trailed the processes that led to the recruitments. There are allegations that appointment letters were sold out to the highest bidders, while placements and postings were done without due process and in violation of laid down procedures. A statement made available to newsmen on Sunday in Minna by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Mrs. Mary Noel Berje, said alleged irregularities and malpractices in the exercise necessitated the cancellation. The statement said the appointment processes would be investigated to ensure that only those who are really qualified are the ones to be recruited. Climate change: Prepare for ‘untold suffering’ ahead, 11,000 scientists warn Mrs Berje said the state government would issue a statement on the new guidelines for the selection and revalidation processes soon. UI converts non-teaching staff to academic staff ranks Quality education non-negotiable in  Lagos schools… Tertiary institutions should involve alumni in their… Oyo flags off implementation of BESDA There have been complaints, however, by some of the successful candidates who have already been issued letters of employment. Some of the candidates who pleaded anonymity, in a brief interaction with Tribune Education over the weekend in Minna, said: “We are indeed surprised at the turn of events by a government that claims it places priority on the education of its people to have hidden under the disguise of irregularities to cancel our employments just because their preferred candidates sat for the same examinations with us and failed woefully; yet they want to arm-twist the government using political, religious and ethnic considerations.” Investigation by Tribune Education revealed that the reason the exercise was canceled was that relations of some prominent politicians in the state who sat for the aptitude tests failed woefully, unlike the non-indigenes particularly southerners, who excelled in the examinations. Prior to aptitude tests, the state government, in conjunction with the state’s Universal Basic Education Board, had stressed that merit would be applied strictly, and that only candidates who passed the examinations would be employed. However, the outcome of the aptitude test irked the politicians, particularly some members of the state’s House of Assembly, former commissioners, former council chairmen, and top government functionaries, as their candidates whom they had already penciled in for employment failed the tests woefully. An insider at the SUBEB office told Tribune Education that as soon as the results were announced, there were intense pressures on the immediate past executive chairman of the board to include the names of some of the failed candidates among those to be employed as teachers. This, the source said, was, however, rebuffed by the erstwhile chairman and his board members.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.