FORMER Minister of Transport, Chief Ebenezer Babatope lists some landmines in the existing federal structure and how the country can rediscover itself,as well as why he thinks the Igbo must produce president in 2023, in this interview by KUNLE ODEREMI. Excerpts.  IT is a trying moment for Nigeria as a country and the question most people tend to ask is, how come the country has found itself in the current predicament? What do you think went wrong despite Nigeria’s huge human and natural endowments? The reason is simple. It is because we Nigerians have refused to uphold the truth at all times. When Baba Obafemi Awolowo was alive, he tried his best to convince Nigerians that he would do his best to better the lots of the people. But nobody gave him a hearing and Baba Awolowo was moved to the point that he had to say in a commentary in a newspaper that if Nigerians remained what they were, nothing good would ever succeed with them. It is a pity; we missed the road and that is why we are old now and I just pity the country because it is on the verge of total economic and social collapse.  Then, what do we need to do urgently to salvage the situation? Once we are able to govern ourselves through a proper electoral system; once we have commissioners in the Independent National Electoral commission (INEC) who are prepared to organise free, fair and credible elections, then, the country will be on the way to recovery. Without that, it is all nonsense.  You can imagine what the Supreme Court did with the case of the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar.  Don’t you believe that the judgment of the Supreme Court was based on the fact and evidence before the Justices since the parties had made all their submissions at the Presidential Election Petition Appeal Tribunal? That’s what they will say, but I wish them the best of luck. All I know is that election riggers in history have never fared well in the end. Those of them, who are criminally rigging elections all over the place, should note that one day, like they say in prison, monkey go go market, he no go return. Now, it’s a pity! Can you imagine a situation whereby they told us that the Supreme Court will start hearing a case on a particular day. Even if they had circulated the documents among the seven Justices, do they need to give verdict the same day? On the same day, they said the appeal of Atiku lacked merit. It is a great pity. Like I said, no person that ever manipulated elections has gone out with everything intact with him. I had the case of Andlas Mendera of Turkey; he rigged elections and he reaped the repercussions. Syngman Rhee of South Korea rigged elections and saw the repercussions. So many other instances you can cite. Therefore, I wish them the best of luck. And all the INEC officials who are shouting all over the place, the forthcoming elections in Kogi and Bayelsa states, I am afraid that the INEC chairman, Professor Mahmood Yakubu and other officials will not give us credible, fair and free elections. At the end of the day, they will come back and also manipulate the elections and say they have done elections, whereas in Bayelsa State, Governor Seriaka Dickson has done so well, not because I’m PDP. If you want to manipulate the election, you are wasting your bloody time and you are rigging yourself out of existence. In Kogi State, Yahaya Bello is already glamouring himself that he is going to have a second term in office as governor. So, good luck to the All Progressives Congress (APC). Good luck to the electoral system that is rotten; that is chaotic and that is bad, unjust and awful. VIDEO: 59-year-old Maradona denies daughter’s claim he is dying Are you saying you have lost total confidence in INEC, even as your party won some elections conducted by the commission earlier in the year? I don’t have any confidence in the INEC. Look at what they with the elections in Nigeria. They messed up totally and thoroughly and we haven’t got a judicial system that can bail us out. Look at what the judicial system did to us in Osun State. They were the people who rigged us out and carved the criminal activities of the APC by rigging us out and then, in the final judgment of the Court of Appeal, they said one judge did not attend proceedings and that was why the election was null and void. They said it was technical. Honestly speaking, it is irritating. It is annoying and I wish Nigeria the best of luck.  Why do politicians tend to speak from both sides of the mouth? If a judgment favours you, you praise the judiciary; if it is on the way round, you crucify it. What is responsible for such inconsistency or doublespeak? I have never done so. When the Supreme Court was going to give judgment in the case of Osun, I cited the case of Kenya where the Supreme Court in Kenya gave judgment on the basis of the facts of law. In this case, they knew what they were going to do. Some years ago, the Chief justice of the Federation, Justice Walter Onnoghen, that was removed by President Muhammadu Buhari, gave judgment favourable to Buhari. It was on that basis that they were so confident that with him around, everything was going to be okay. When they now realised that he was prepared to uphold the tenets of law; that he prepared to uphold what the law says, they turned round, sacked him and replaced him with the current CJN, Ahmadu Mahammadu. I do not have anything against the current CJN but I only wish him the best of luck. Senate and the NEPZA N14.3bn riddle Alaghodaro 2019: Assessing Obaseki’s model for a total… LG poll: Ekiti deputy gov warns APC members against violence Commission issues Certificate of Return to elected LG… The APC has shown that it is never prepared to adhere to whatever verdict the judiciary gives, which is based on law. You can imagine what has happened. In fact, the Osun case will pain me until I enter my grave. The judiciary manipulated us out. So, when you have the judiciary, coupled with the activities of the INEC, then all you can say is to wish the country the best of luck because we are having the worst of times.  It is curious that you are asking the Nigerian to resign to their fate by leaving the issue in the hands of God. Don’t you think we should leave God out of this, in view of the human factor in the whole matter, having given us all the wherewithal to determine what is good or otherwise? All of us are watching the verdict of God and when the verdict of God comes, nobody born of a woman will be able to upturn it.  So, what do we need to make sure that the judiciary in Nigeria can get things right based on its functions and responsibilities as a critical arm of government? The judiciary must make up its mind to uphold the truth. If we had upheld the truth in the country, Baba Awolowo would have given us a good government. But we did not uphold the truth; we ensured that he didn’t get there. The old man is gone but left legacies that can never be rubbished by anybody. The judiciary must be prepared to uphold the truth at all times.  When they uphold the truth and they ensure that they give judgments that can stand the test of time, then Nigeria will be on the way out of the current mess and chaos.  A number of people claim that the conduct of members of the political class is part of the problems of the country. According to them, our politicians tend to cut corners and compromise standard and the system to get to power or have their way in electoral contests….? That is a different thing. I don’t want to wash the dirty linen of my party outside.  How do you mean? The PDP is not doing well. I am a PDP member to the core and I will die a PDP member. They made sure that they got rid of those who have voices. Many of us were removed as members of the Board of Trustees of the PDP and I believe they are going to reap the whirlwind. However, we will be loyal to the PDP to the very end. For example, the Osun State saga would not have occurred if the PDP had been alive to its responsibilities. They would have been able to stand up to let the world know the criminal things that the APC administration were doing in Osun State. Senator Demola Adeleke (PDP candidate) is the legitimate governor of Osun State; they robbed him of victory and he has chosen to keep quiet now. They robbed the PDP of victory; they silenced all of us and only to give a judgment that a judge did not attend one of the proceedings and that was sufficient to rubbish the case and to deny justice to the people of Osun State.  As one of the founding fathers of the PDP in 1998, how would you analysis the party that once ruled the country for 16 years and the PDP you have today? It is a different matter. Many of those that founded the PDP have gone: Adamu Ciroma; Abubakar Rimi, Solomon Lar and so many of them. So, these are different times. The current national chairman of the PDP, Prince Uche Secondus, is trying his best but, I wish him the best of luck. He will admit himself that he is operating in the midst of political wolves. If the PDP does not change its tune; if it does not marry itself to the fact that they have to keep peace within the party and that they have to ensure that they do not jettison the voice of reason and the voice of the elders, then they will soon reap it. In about three months’ time, I will be 77 years old. So, I’m waiting for when God will call me to the high heavens; I already have my boarding pass in my pocket. But they should think in terms of the future of the country. Do we have a virile opposition in Nigeria today? The APC has rubbished everybody. Former President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan handed over the country to Buhari on a platter of gold. When he could move against Buhari, he refused to do so. Jonathan said he didn’t want anybody to die because of his political ambition.  But what do we have now? We have a group of people in the APC who are criminally minded; who don’t mind whatever happens to the country and they are ready to do anything to sustain their criminal hold on power. Jonathan didn’t want people to die for him. He is an innocent person; he handed over power and said he had lost an election, let Buhari go ahead. So, you can’t blame Jonathan for handing over power to Buhari to ensure that we have justice in the country.  Which of the zone do you believe ought to produce the next president of the country as the issue is beginning to gain ground in political discourse and why? If we are running a proper federation, the Igbo should produce the next president. But like the president of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo, John Nwodo, said, if you don’t have a good system and country, you cannot say you should have an Igbo president. He said there must be restructuring. But how many people are talking about restructuring now? Some people are not bothered; they are not concerned; they don’t care about what happens. So, I wish the country the best of luck.  My belief is that the Igbo should produce the next president. The Hausa-Fulani have produced president; the Yoruba have produced president, let the Igbo also produce the president of the country.  But like Nwodo said, restructure and when you restructure, then things will be clearer.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.