Nigerian Air Force has expressed readiness to partner with the local manufacturing company in Anambra state in the area of research and development to enhance its operations. The Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshall Sadique Abubakar, made the disclosure on Tuesday during his visit to the Ibeto Group of Companies in Nnewi, the industrial city of the state. He said the decision of the Force to work with the companies was in line with President Muhammadu Buhari’s mission, vision and decision to encourage indigenous manufacturing companies. Abubakar, who was accompanied by senior Air Force officials from Imo and Enugu states, further said that all hands must be on deck to assist the country in proffering solutions to her challenges. “We’ve seen a committed partner in Ibeto Group of Companies in the provision of materials for the operation of its aircraft, which is one of the most important equipment in the aspects of its work. “The Air Force and Ibeto Group will raise a technical team that will work together on research and development of logistics and materials for its operational activities to ensure smooth operations in fighting insurgency in Nigeria. VIDEO: 59-year-old Maradona denies daughter’s claim he… Foodstuff and Cattle dealers threaten nationwide strike over… Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone… INEC nominee declares loyalty to APC before Senate panel ALSO READ: Ebonyi workers, family members to get 10 per cent Health Insurance subsidy ― Govt “We will go into research and development with Ibeto Group to tap from each other on the area of needs. From what I have seen, there are so much we can do to assist each other. “I have noted what the company has been presenting aircraft batteries and lubricants and we will go into research and analysis and come up with a decision to see how you can help us,” he said. According to Abubakar, the force had directed its Research and Development department to work with the company, assuring of its continued patronage. Earlier, Group Executive Director, Operations and Investment, Chief Eze Echesi appreciated the Air Force boss for his commitment in encouraging indigenous manufacturing companies. “You are no doubt the first among the over twenty Chief of Air Staff who has placed emphasis on the use of locally manufactured equipment for the operation of Air force work equipment. “We urge you to continue on the use of our products and encourage others to convince other armed forces in the country to work with locally manufactured products,” he stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.