Zamfara Government, on Tuesday, warned herders against destroying farm produce, as farmers harvest crops across the state. The warning follows reports that herders have moved into farms and destroyed produce in some parts of the state. Alhaji Abubakar Dauran, Special Adviser to the governor on security, gave the warning in Gusau. He spoke during a-one day workshop on review of the stakeholders experience in addressing conflicts and rural violence organised by Pastoral Resolve. Dauran urged Fulani leaders to caution herders over such action, which is capable of igniting crisis. ” We are all aware of the security challenges the state has witnessed of recent and have traced the genesis to farmers and herders clashes,” he said. Dauran said the state government was determined to provide all the necessary facilities required for the convenience of both farmers and herders to ensure they carried out their legitimate businesses peacefully. 11-year-old kidnapped in Kano, sold at Onitsha for N200,000… Anti-hate Speech Bill: Atiku warns of disastrous… Human capital development: Bauchi seeks World Bank… Cleric to Nigerians: Banish thought that no godly person can… ALSO READ: FG calls for collaborative efforts to end open defecation He assured the involvement of traditional rulers in all aspects of security management in the state, including information sharing and intelligence gathering. The representative of the committee that investigated the root causes of security challenges in the state, Alhaji Mamman Anka urged the government to restore the position of traditional leaders in the security administration. He said their involvement in security management would play a great role in addressing the shortage of manpower. Earlier, the Programme Manager of the Pastoral Resolve (PARE), Umar Maradun said the focus of the workshop was to provide an opportunity for stakeholders to share experiences in addressing conflicts and rural violence. “The deliberation in this meeting is expected to contribute to promoting the adoption of inclusive processes in conflict management and prevention of violent crimes,” he said. He commended the efforts of the state government in promoting peace and harmonious coexistence in the state. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!