The Minority Leader of the House of Representatives under the leadership of Honourable Ndudi Elumelu has cautioned the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP), to desist from promoting impunity and meddlesomeness in the internal affairs of the National Assembly on the composition of the Minority the House. Honourable Elumelu issued the warning in a statement signed by his Special Adviser – Legal, Barrister Oyorima Idahosa, which was made available to newsmen in Abuja in which he described the endless suspension of loyal party members over the matter as “palpably oppressive.” The leadership of the PDP had on Friday, via a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan disowned Honourable Elumelu as the Minority of the opposition, insisting that the lawmaker and others remained suspended by the Party because of their disloyalty to it. However, in the statement, the Minority Caucus in the House defended Honourable Elumelu, saying that he remained the Minority leader of the house as he was duly elected in accordance to the rules of the House and advised the leadership of the PDP to keep off the matter. The statement reads, “The attention of the leadership of the Minority Caucus of the House of Representatives under Honourable Ndudi Elumelu has been drawn to allegations of disloyalty levelled against it in a statement issued by the National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Friday. “This is completely against the principle of democracy, rule of law and fairness upon which our great party, the PDP is founded and known since its formation 21 years ago. “For the avoidance of doubt, the Minority leadership of the House of Representatives was elected in strict observance of Section 60 of the 1999 Constitution (as amended) and Order 7 Rule 8 of the Standing Rule of the House of Representatives. ALSO READ: Electoral Act Amendment: Nigeria not ripe for electronic voting ― Sen Gaya “Section 60 of the 1999 Constitution unambiguously provides that: “Subject to the provisions of this Constitution, the Senate or the House of Representatives shall have power to regulate its own procedure, including the procedure for summoning and recess of the House. “Accordingly, Order 7 Rule 8 clearly states that Members of the Minority Parties in the House shall nominate from among them, the Minority Leader, Minority Whip, Deputy Minority Leader, and Deputy Minority Whip. “This, the overwhelming majority of the Minority Caucus comprising nine political parties (PDP, APGA, ADC, LP, SDP, PRP, AA, APM, ADP) did and communicated their decision to the Speaker in a letter dated 2nd July 2019 and signed by over 100 members of the 147-Member Caucus. Buhari meets Welby, Archbishop of Canterbury, in London Cooperate with govt on delivery of development goals, NSE… Makinde calls for religious harmony, tolerance as Muslims… Border closure should last for more than 2 years ― Hon… “By parliamentary rules, persons so elected become the leaders of the party caucuses in the legislature. While the party can guide their elected Members through the zoning of various Minority leadership offices, it is not in the place of the party, by the provisions of the Constitution, House Standing Rule, and parliamentary traditions, to appoint or foist Minority or Majority Caucus leadership on its Members. “The conduct of the lawmakers in choosing their leaders, therefore, falls within the framework of the spirit, ideals, beliefs and underlining principles of the PDP and our founding fathers, who championed the enthronement of the tenets of democratic practice in Nigeria. “It would be recalled that a similar attempt by the All Progressives Congress (APC) to foist leadership of the Majority Caucus on the National Assembly in 2015 could not stand as such obnoxious action was vehemently resisted by the Senate, which stuck to the list of elected leaders of the Majority Caucus submitted by APC Senators. “The stand of our great party, which also had Prince Uche Secondus, the current National Chairman, as the Acting National Chairman at the time, is still very fresh on the minds of Nigerians. The PDP strongly criticized and lampooned the APC for impunity and meddlesomeness in the internal affairs of the parliament. “It is, therefore, ironical that the same party, under the same Chairman, has now chosen the same path for which they pilloried the APC in 2015. “It is even more distressing that the same party, under the same Chairman, has now branded the Minority leadership and their colleagues who transparently elected them, as disloyal for the simple reason that they strictly followed the Constitution, the Standing Rule of the House and best parliamentary traditions. “Such malicious allegation is therefore totally insupportable as Hon. Elumelu and his colleagues in the PDP remain loyal and law-abiding members of the party. “It is equally curious that over four months after various organs of the party set up Committees to investigate this matter and related issues bordering on PDP National Assembly Caucus within two weeks, the party has been reluctant and/or refused to consider the reports of these various Committees so that the issues can be laid to rest. “Moreover, the endless suspension of loyal party members outside the provisions of the PDP Constitution, 1999 Constitution, and rules of parliament as palpably oppressive. “In this regard, Honourable Elumelu and the members of the Minority leadership in the House respectfully urges the leadership of our great Party to weigh its actions and not allow certain individuals with vested personal interests to destroy the reputation and democratic foundations of the PDP, a party Nigerians look up to for direction at a time like this. “Indeed, those who stand behind the scene spurring such disorder in our great party for their personal interests do not wish both the PDP and our dear nation any good. “We are the Peoples Democratic Party, and we must act true to our name.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.