A ghastly automobile accident involving two vehicles and two motorcycles in Bauchi has claimed the life of one of the motorcyclists while others were injured Bauchi Sector Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) confirmed the accident which occurred on Tuesday at Dingal Village, 10km away from Bauchi town along the ever-busy Bauchi-Jos highway. Head of Operations of the FRSC, Deputy Corps Commander, Ibrahim Abubakar, made the confirmation in a message to Journalists in Bauchi disclosing that the five other people who got various degrees of injuries are three males and one female. He said that: “The accident which happened on Tuesday, 12th November, 2019 at about 13.00 pm, at Dingal Village along Bauchi-Jos road involved seven people. The accident involved a truck with registration number plate: XA 692 RYM, a Peugeot J5 and two motorcycles, a Jincheng and a Boxer. ALSO READ: INEC begins movement of sensitive materials to 21 LGAs in Kogi BREAKING: WAEC releases Nov/Dec 2019 examination results,… INEC begins movement of sensitive materials to 21 LGAs in… KWASU advocates increased agric production to meet global… Buhari mourns ex-minister, Alex Akinyele Ibrahim Abubakar added that “The possible cause of the accident was excessive speeding and wrongful overtaking. We got a call and our men rushed to the scene of the crash for rescue and evacuated the victims to the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa Teaching Hospital (ATBUTH) and the Specialist Hospital for medical attention”. “The motorcyclist was confirmed dead by a medical doctor at the hospital while five others sustained different degrees of injuries”, he added. Ibrahim Abubakar then advised motorists to be more careful while driving in order to reduce the rate of road traffic crashes which lead to loss of lives and properties. He stressed that, “We will not get tired of calling on drivers and other road users to obey road traffic regulations so that these lives and properties that are being lost during accidents will be reduced to the barest minimum”. The FRSC SHOPs warned that, “People should be more cautious while on the road especially now that there is a high volume of vehicular and human movement on the highways,”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!