The National Population Commission, NPC, has announced plans to commence data collection for 2019 Verbal and Social Autopsy Survey, VASA, across twenty-nine communities in Anambra State. The Commission decried the prevalence of under-five mortality in the country with an average of one hundred and thirty-two deaths per one thousand births. Speaking to newsmen in Awka, over the weekend, the Acting Chairman of the Commission, Mrs Bimbola Salu-Hundeyin, explained that the survey would seek to gather data to determine the cause and contributory factors to deaths in children aged zero to five years. The planned policy is a follow up to last year’s Demographic Health Survey and seeks to determine the causes and contributory factors to the number of deaths in children under five given that has given the country a high infant mortality rate. According to the Acting Chairman who spoke through the Anambra State Commissioner of the Commission, Mr Chidi Ezeoke, the Nigerian Demographic Health Survey conducted by the NPC in 2018, had a total number of three thousand, two hundred and fifteen under-five mortality recorded cases, with the northern Nigeria region having the highest number totalling about two thousand, six hundred and one deaths. Activists stage peaceful protest over Sowore’s… WestAfricaENRG reacts to Oyo contract termination Germany marks 30th anniversary of the Berlin Wall’s… Gombe gov, Inuwa Yahaya inaugurates SEC, assigns portfolios Mrs Salu-Hundeyin noted that the Commission found the development very disturbing and is set to conduct yet another survey to determine the causes of deaths in children within the identified age range. ALSO READ; MTF graduate Asamoah in India for internship She called for more support from all departments of government, traditional rulers and religious leaders for the success of the exercise and added that the exercise will start from tenth to nineteenth of this month, to ensure that the commission generates accurate and credible data for effective planning and sustainable health development in Nigeria. The Chairman further noted that the outcome of the survey would provide national and zonal estimates of the major causes of under-investment mortality in Nigeria from 2013 down to 2018. The event had in attendance representatives of the local government councils, president generals of various communities in the state and other stakeholders among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.