THE Ondo state capital, Akure, was on Friday, locked down as Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, returned to the state after five weeks of absence. Akeredolu’s absence had elicited speculations of various slants even as the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)urged the State House of Assembly to ‘act’, saying the Governor had abandoned the state as a result of alleged health challenges. The State Commissioner for Information, Donald Ojogo, had allayed the fear of the residents of the state following the alarm raised by the PDP but when the news filtered into town that Akeredolu would return to the state on Friday. However, Akeredolu arrived the Akure Airport at exactly 5.24 pm and was welcomed by members of the State Executive Council led by the Deputy Governor, Agboola Ajayi, and crowd of party supporters led by the state chairman of the APC Ade Adetimehin. The Speaker of the State Assembly, Rt. Hon David Oloyelogun equally led his colleagues to receive the governor who was accompanied on the trip from Abuja by two members of the House of Representatives from the State, Timehin Adelegbe and Mayowa Akinfolarin, the State Head of Service, Dare Aragbaiye and the Special Adviser to the Governor on Intergovernmental matters, Mrs Bunmi Ademosu. ALSO READ: 16 Boko Haram, ISIS suspects surrender to army Kukah cautions FG over plans to regulate social media Sanwo-Olu presents 2020 budget of N1.168trn World Bank projects: Ugwuanyi charges traditional rulers,… 16 Boko Haram, ISIS suspects surrender to army Speaking to newsmen at the tarmac of the airport, Akeredolu gave an indication that he was sick and indeed sought medical attention but not as overblown by the opposition. He said ”Yes, I needed to seek medical attention. It was nothing so serious as overblown because it is routine. But on my return, I needed to take some time off to strengthen the attention based on advice. It wasn’t as serious as people blew it. ”But basically, my stay back in Abuja was indeed not a serious period to even rest because I had to attend to a lot of issues that will move the state forward. ”I received a word-class Medical Foundation, Medicus International from Germany as I presided over the signing of the MoU for them to build a World-class Medical city in Akure. ”You are aware that I attended the Governors Forum meeting as well as the National Economic Council meeting and several others. “Of particular note was the meeting I held with the World Bank that will bring in the capital of about $19 million for the development of the state. ”As you can see, I’m back fresher and stronger to continue the work the good people of the state-mandated me to do”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.