The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja has been asked to stop the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kogi state, Engr. Musa Wada, from presenting himself as a candidate of the party for the November 16, 2019 governorship election in the state. In a suit numbered, FHC/ABJ/CS/1147/2019, the plaintiff, Femi Joseph, is alleging that Wada forged his primary school leaving certificate which he filed in his Form CF001  he submitted to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The plaintiff, in the suit filed through his counsel, Mike Enahoro Ebah, said by virtue of Section 31(5) & (6) of the Electoral Act, 2010 (as amended), he reasonably believes that the information supplied by the PDP Candidate, Musa Atayi Wada in both his Form CF001 and the attached First School Leaving Certificate as to his primary school education were false. ALSO READ: Why National Assembly sealed deal with Buhari ― Lawan He, therefore, prayed the court to determine whether the information was indeed false and, on that basis, disqualify Wada from contesting as the candidate of the PDP in the November 16th, 2019 gubernatorial election. El-Rufai’s apology: APC admission of Bello’s failure ― PDP How TB Joshua brokered peace in South Sudan, Tanzania Busola Dakolo to appeal case after court dismisses suit… Southwest development bill scales first reading The plaintiff asked the court to determine, “Whether having regard to the clear and unambiguous provisions of Section 31 (5) and (6) of the Electoral Act, 2010 (As Amended), 3rd Defendant’s INEC form CFOO1 and the Primary School Certificate, bearing Number: 910922, attached therewith and submitted to the 2nd Defendant by the 1st and 3rd Defendants, contain false information regarding the 3rd Defendant’s Primary School Certificate. “Whether having regard to the clear and unambiguous provisions of Section 31 (5) and (6) of the Electoral Act, 2010 (As Amended), vis-a-vis 3rd Defendant’s INEC form CFOO1 and the Primary School Certificate, bearing Number: 910922, attached therewith and submitted to the 2nd Defendant by the 1st and 3rd Defendants, the 3rd Defendant is disqualified from contesting the Kogi State Governorship Election slated for 16th day of November 2019, for submitting to the 2nd Defendant false information regarding the 3rd Defendant’s Primary School Certificate”. The plaintiff prayed the court to declare that Wada’s INEC form CFOO1 and the Primary School Certificate, bearing Number: 910922, attached therewith and submitted to INEC by PDP and Wada, contain false information regarding  Wada’s  Primary School Certificate. He also wants the court to disqualify the PDP governorship candidate from contesting the Kogi State Governorship Election for submitting false information regarding his Primary School Certificate to INEC. The plaintiff also wants an order restraining INEC from accepting Wada as a candidate to contest the Kogi State Governorship Election slated for Saturday as well as an order restraining Wada from parading or holding himself out as Governorship candidate in the Kogi State governorship election. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!