President Muhammadu Buhari has demanded a scrupulous investigation into the heinous murder of Madam Achejuh Abuh, Woman Leader of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Wada/Aro campaign council, in the just concluded gubernatorial election in Kogi State. According to a statement issued in Abuja on Sunday by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media and Publicity), Buhari decried whatever could spur anyone to take the life of another human being, particularly a woman, who was burnt to death in her home in the most gruesome manner. It said the President charged all security agencies involved in the investigation to do a thorough and expeditious job on the matter so that justice could be served without fear or favour. ALSO READ: PDP’s attempt to boycott Kogi West rerun election deceitful ― Adeyemi PDP tasks Senators over Lawan’s comment Kogi West: Boycott of supplementary election a silly joke,… Buhari orders ministry to complete Ajaokuta Steel Company Group decries frequency, intensity of electoral violence,… The statement quoted President Buhari as saying: “We must learn to behave decently, whether during elections or at other times. No life should be taken wantonly under any guise, and the fact that this reprehensible act occurred two days after voting shows primitive behaviour, which should not be accepted in a decent society.” He sympathized with the family of the deceased, vowing that the law would catch up with the malefactors, and justice would be done. The statement expressed the President’s belief that any descent to barbarism, as was visited on the PDP Woman Leader, has gone out of the realm of politics, and is pure criminality and bestiality. “Such evildoers must be brought to justice, irrespective of whatever allegiances they hold,” the statement quoted the President as saying. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!