THERE is palpable tension among the staff of the Ekiti State University (EKSU) Ado-Ekiti over the alleged move by the authorities of the institution to sack over 500 staff, Tribune Online has gathered. According to sources, those involved were workers employed during the tenure of Professor Samuel Oye Bandele as the Vice-Chancellor of the university. One of the affected staff who spoke on condition of anonymity said the new chairman of Governing Council and Pro-Chancellor, Professor Bamitale Omole had expressed reservations over what it described over-bloated workforce in the institution. The source said: “Yes, it is true, the management will soon issue out sack letters to over 500 staff because of complains that the university was overstaffed. ALSO READ:  North Korea says will not offer anything to Trump without receiving in… No one can force telecoms operators to reduce data cost ―… Niger govt spends over N600m to register students for WAEC,… Prosecute electoral offenders in Kogi, Bayelsa, Lawan tells… FG charges statisticians on accuracy, timeliness on data… “We have been notified and anytime from now, the letters of disengagement will be distributed and this has been creating panic and tension in the university.” It was also gathered that professors who were allegedly promoted without due process might be demoted. The Academics Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) on the university had in September threatened to embark on strike owing to the inability to pay their salaries and other benefits. The ASUU chairman, Dr Kayode Arogundade, disclosed that the monthly wage bill of the university had increased from N380 million to over N502 million, while the monthly subvention from government stood at N260 million, leaving the university to grapple hard to make up for the N262m shortfall internally. When contacted, the EKSU’s Public Relations Officer, Mr Bode Olofinmuagun, denied any plan of management to sack or demote workers. “There is no tension on campus over sack issue, I am on campus as I speak with you. The university is peaceful and I am not aware of any such plan,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!