Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo is expected to declare open, on Wednesday in Asaba, the Delta State capital, the 25th edition of the Micro, Small and Medium Scale Enterprises (MSMEs). Chief Economic Adviser to Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta, Dr, Kingsley Emu, made the disclosure, on Monday, while briefing journalists in Asaba. He said that the state would be hosting over 14 Federal Government Agencies, which would accompany the Vice President to the two-day event from Wednesday, November 6 to Thursday, November 7. Emu said “These agencies are those that facilitate the ease of doing business and development of finance institutions in the country such as the Bank of Industries (BIO), Access Bank, Standard Organisation of Nigeria (SON). “We have invited the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to display the arrays of credit products that they have to the teaming population. “Delta is an MSME state and over 95 per cent of companies in Nigeria are micro and small enterprise and Delta is one of the strong bases on MSMEs. “The state is very much prepared to receive the Vice President and his team starting on November 6, and we have been working closely with the private sector to make sure that we achieve this. ALSO READ: FRSC partners police, military to end robberies on long bridge Nigeria shortchanged in power sector deals ― Senate… Senate confirms appointment of Kanyip as President of… Appeal Court ruling: It was a period of experiencing enemy… Senate confirms Tsoho as Chief Judge of Federal High Court “We are expecting in excess of 1,500 people at the clinic and suffice it to say that the state has made enough provision for the event and by this, we are inviting the whole world to come and witness the exhibitions will be showcased.” Emu recalled that the state government had, at the inception of the Okowa administration, conducted a demographic profile to categorize the population of the youth between 18 and 35 years in the state in terms of products. He noted that the government, in its findings, had made provision that would target the critical needs of the targeted groups in terms of technical and vocational education. He noted that the Okowa administration has set up the Ministry of Technical and Vocational Education to develop middle-level manpower to service the industry. He said that the state was emphasizing entrepreneurship, technical and vocational education to enable the participants to become independent and create jobs and to enable those who could not become entrepreneurs have employable skills. “As a state, we have trained over 20,000 entrepreneurs and several other Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) are building and creating entrepreneurs in the state. “Because we believe that with the gap created by our tertiary institutions, we are providing relevant education, we are emphasizing functional education that will take the youths to the labour market. “So, our technical colleges and vocational centers and polytechnics are addressing technical skills available in the environment to move our people direct into employment immediately,” he reiterated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.