The All Progressives Congress National Working Committee led by Comrade Adams Oshiomhole has approved the suspension of the Edo state chairman of the party, Anslem Ojezua. A factional leadership of the party in Edo State which parades Colonel David Imuse as chairman and Lawrence Okah, as secretary, at a press briefing in Abuja on Wednesday announced the removal of Anselm Ojezua as chairman. They equally dismissed Tuesday removal of Mr. Okah and vote of no confidence passed in the national chairman of the party, Comrade Oshiomhole as a nullity. Few hours after the press briefing, the APC national working committee in a press statement issued to newsmen and signed by its national publicity secretary, Mallam Lanre Isa-Onilu approved the suspension of Anslem Ojezua as chairman. Onilu in the statement disclosed that the national secretariat “received a notification of the suspension of the Edo State APC Chairman, Anslem Ojezua by eleven [11] of the sixteen [16] members of the Edo State Working Committee (SWC). “We have reviewed the process they followed and conclude that they have fulfilled the required conditions. 13 people including two children die in Lagos-Ibadan… BREAKING: Lagos PDP elects new executive despite restraining… Reps wade into lingering management crisis rocking NDDC Kwara holds open bid for construction of 26 urban roads ALSO READ: PDP condemns ‘obnoxious’ Hate Speech Bill “We, therefore, uphold the suspension of the Edo State APC Chairman, Anslem Ojezua while we await the outcome of the fact-finding and reconciliation committee.” Onilu in the statement further disclosed that the party national working committee “has decided to constitute a high-power fact-finding and reconciliation committee of party leaders to meet with all disputing parties to ensure that all issues are addressed and resolved.” The party leadership said it was disturbed by the fact that peace and unity have taken flight in the Edo State chapter of the party. “The National Working Committee (NWC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has watched with grave concern the political development within the party ranks in Edo State and is deeply disturbed by the recent turn of events. We note that this is happening in spite of the various steps the party has taken to find an amicable resolution.” The statement recalled that party leaders such as the Chairman, Nigerian Governors’ Forum (NGF) and Governor of Ekiti State, Dr. Kayode Fayemi; Chairman, Progressives Governors’ Forum (PGF) and Governor of Kebbi State, Alhaji Abubakar Bagudu, and other eminent party leaders, had all tried at various times to ensure that the issues do not escalate. “Sadly, these interventions have not yielded the desirable results,” it noted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!