Kogi: Controversy over document allegedly revealing health status of PDP candidate As the date for Kogi State governorship election draws nearer, a documement which emerged allegedly revealing the health status of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate in Kogi State, Engr Musa Wada, has created controversy among political camps in the state. The document purportedly exposing the health status of Wada, revealed that he, in 2005, was admitted at the Federal Neuro-Psychiatric Hospital, Yaba, in Lagos State, for delusional with distorted speech as a result of alleged substance abuse. It was said he was subsequently admitted for rehabilitation and medication with the patient number 001364. It will be recalled that preparatory to the 2011 elections in Kogi State, documents had emerged on the mental health condition of Capt. Idris Wada, said to have been admitted to the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan. Sanwo-Olu urges residents to make sacrifices for… Anti-corruption: FG recovers N200bn in final forfeiture… Akeredolu returns: I’m back stronger, fresher Kukah cautions FG over plans to regulate social media The senior Wada’s mental state on admission was one of paranoid delusions and auditory hallucinations according to his medical record. Till date, no medical record from the UCH has confirmed Idris Wada as a discharged patient of the Psychiatric unit. Also, in an affidavit deposed to by a lawyer, Uchechukwu Clement, a lawyer, stated that contrary to claims by Wada on oath under part B, Article E Question 1 “Idris Wada had at a point been adjudged to be of unsound mind”. Meanwhile, a Chieftain of of the PDP from Kogi East, Abdulai Umoru, said that his fears are that the running mate to Musa Wada, Sam Aro, maybe aware of Mr Wada’s mental state and in the event that he wins the election may collude with the Speaker of the Kogi state House of Assembly, Prince Mathew Kolawole, to impeach him on health grounds. Thereby depriving Ighala Kingdom with the governorship seat. Other members of the Wada family with mental related illness includes; Abuh Wada the immediate younger brother to Engr Musa Wada, Tukur Wada, Habiba Wada, Abdullahi Wada. An APC chieftain Olorunfemi Obalemo said “How can a state of over 4million people be governed by persons with psychiatric disorder?” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.