O NE of the many skills needed to enjoy great sex in marriage is kissing. As a needful prelude to the act of sex, kissing has a magic wand that brings intoxication for sex. So, if you don’t want to be caught in the web of sex , kissing must be avoided like a plague. It can be likened to the fact that anyone who does not want to get pregnant, must also not engage in sex. So, great sex in marriage is consequent on kissing skill. That is why I am presenting this write up, which is an extract from a write up on the Internet. I have also edited it for the purpose of married couples. Scientifically proven, a good kiss is like a drug. With cranial nerves this has to do with the part of the skull that embraces the brain) in action during an awesome kiss, the brain too plays a role to assemble every vital detail about the other person, one is provided with the sync, and feels high and rejuvenated. But as you may know, not every kisser gives you an experience so good that you are left awed and craving. Only a good kisser knows how to kiss well enough, whether it’s just brushing of the cheeks or a lip to lip kiss, the fact remains that there are certain foolproof ways tokiss that you must know in order to make kissing worthwhile. Below are some of such romantic, unforgettable tips ofkissing that would help you connect, communicate and make your partner yearn for you every other moment. How TB Joshua brokered peace in South Sudan, Tanzania Says Tip1: Kiss is more than just lips doing the business The best kiss doesn’t happen with just lips coming together. A good kisser uses hands to cup the partner’s face or run it down the spine to make the experience unforgettable. Tip2: Set the stage Well, less is more! So, a good kisser begins gently before sinking into a passionate kiss. One needs to play cool and set the stage: sensuous talks, dim lights and it’s all sorted. A super pillowy feel comes with a good balm. And never in the history have best kisses ever happened with a dry, flaky lip. Since, not every time shall your lips be kissably soft, keep the lip balm handy!  Foreplay skills for great sex Sex positions skill for the married Couples should take sex to the next level Enjoying great marriage through i.T.T.Concept Tip3: know the rhythm Keep your head moving like a continuous slow, wave. Follow each other’s lead and find a flow that works for both of you so that you’re both on the same page. Since, there are different ways of kissing, you need to be sure about the next move. Your tongue need not always be in action and when it is, keep it in moderation without using it for a facial wash, or choke your spouse.  Tip 4: Make it unpredictable, full of surprises. Understand your partner’s kissing style and keep them on the toes by trying different kissing techniques in one go. Go with the flow but make sure you are not very predictable (read: boring) in your act.  Tip5: Be multifacted There are different types of kisses. Whether it’s a hot kiss or a I-care-for-you kiss, each one has a story. Make sure you tell your story right by following a certain momentum, and give your feelings a beautiful outlet. That is, speak with your kiss.  Tip6: Moan Do not shy away from letting out those little squeaks of satisfaction. They will act as a great turn on and help your partner give more into the moment. Moaning is a push to give more. Finally, appreciate your Partner by giving him/her a positive feedback so that your partner feels good after the kiss. And the better your partner feels about it, the more they will look forward to kissing you. So, pay attention to learning about how bestkissing can be executed to achieve the desired end result- great sex. Happy Kissing, folks! Learn more from my bank: ENJOYING GREAT SEX LIFE. To place your order, call 08112658560.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!