Official reseller of iPhone products, in Nigeria,  iStore, has assured its teeming customers of quality after-sales services, by competent technicians, for all Apple products, especially the iPhone devices. Speaking during the unveiling of its latest iPhone devices, iPhone 11, iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 11 Pro Max, in Lagos, over the weekend, the Operation Manager, iStore, Mr. Kolapo Agunloye, explained that besides delighting Nigerians with premium iPhone brands, the company is also providing  formidable customer centres at its outlets, where customers’ complaints are quickly attended to. He added that one of the ways the company has decided to enhance its customers’ experiences and further bond them with its products, is by giving them an additional  one-year warranty on its products, different from the one given by the  products manufacturer. Border closure: How smugglers created over 100 illegal routes to beat… “For instance, that means a customer that walks into the store to buy our iPhones will have the opportunity of a two-year warranty on any of the devices purchased from us. This simply means that the customer has the opportunity of two full years, to come into the shop and be attended to,  if there is a problem with the device purchased during this period. And what we do in most cases is to change the devices, as long as such devices are still under warranty cover. “We also have Apple-trained technicians to attend to customers, covering a wide range of iPhone models, with the customers having access to a variety of iOS repairs including Apple Certified screen and battery replacements,” he added. As a way of ‘democratising’ iPhone usage in Nigeria, the company, he stated, had also introduced a payment system, tagged ‘Deals Finance’, which allows customers to pay in monthly installments for over four to eight months. Agunloye, explained that the newly-introduced devices would go a long way in enhancing the photographic and telephoning  experiences of its users. “For instance, while their batteries are more strengthened now, to enable them last longer, the cameras on the devices have been enhanced to make each of the devices, a camera and a phone, put together,” he added. Agunloye, added that besides the improvements in the new devices’ water resistance, another unique feature is the introduction of a Face ID, as a way of unlocking such devices. The Face ID, he explains, is a security system found to be twice as fast as the conventional ways of unlocking devices through the fingers.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!