The National Industrial Court sitting in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory(FCT), has voided the sack of Professor Adeyemi Oluwagbemiga of the Federal University, Oye Ekiti (FUOYE), by the management of the university. In a copy of the judgement made available to journalists in Ado Ekiti on Friday, the Court described the sack of the lecturer in the Department of Demography and Social Statistics as illegal, null and void and of no effect. It thereby ordered his immediate reinstatement back to the service and that all payments due for him must be effected. The suit number NICN/AK/64/2018 between the claimant and Federal University, Oye Ekiti (FUOYE), as the defendant, was filed by Mrs Funmi Falana, T. Gbadamosi and Tolulope Aguda, on behalf of the plaintiff. Delivering his judgement, Justice O. O. Oyewumi, said the termination of claimant’s employment vide a letter dated 31st October 2018 from the employ of the defendant is null and void, as well as unconstitutional. ALSO READ: EFCC commences investigation of alleged N150m scholarship fraud FUOYE: Investigate police attack, killing of two, compensate… Court slates Oct 12 to deliver judgment in suit against NIA… SEC files preliminary objection against suspended DG… The Judge stated, “that the termination letter is hereby set aside and this shows that the claimant is still in the employ of the university. “That the claimant is entitled to be reinstated back to his erstwhile position without any loss of seniority, rank and entitlements whatsoever. “That the defendant is restrained from further interfering with the claimant’s rights, privileges and performance of his duties as an Associate Professor in the defendant(FUOYE).” The claimant was sacked on October 31, 2018, over alleged refusal to submit a research report to the defendant (FUOYE), for which they were given money to the tune of one million, six hundred and eighty-five thousand naira (N1.685,000). In the suit, the lawyers to the plaintiff sought a declaration that the claimant’s purported dismissal via a letter dated 31st October 2018 is null and void and unconstitutional. They also sought a declaration that the claimant is still in the employment of the defendant. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!