The Anambra State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA), on Thursday, raised the alarm over the second rise of the water level of River Niger and its tributaries. Mr Emeka Obinwa, the Executive Assistant to Gov. Willie Obiano on SEMA (Media), said there was the urgent need for residents of the coastal communities in Anambra to relocate to holding centres established for victims of flood disasters. Obinwa told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Thursday, in Awka that heeding the advice was necessary due to urgent information received from National Inland Waterways (NWA) on the rise of water level within the week. He explained that as at the second week of October, water had started going down, but suddenly rose geometrically in November. “As at the second week of October, we noticed that the water level had started going down and some victims in the holding centres started returning home. ALSO READ: We will make business environment more conducive ― Yahaya Bello FG develops 1-year basic education curriculum for… Villa security beats up journalist for snapping pictures One million Bauchi residents to get portable water ― Water… Anambra NYSC move to permanent site after 28 years “Suddenly, in the last week of October and the first week in November, the water level began to rise steadily in a manner that some communities close to the River Niger are now flooded,” he said. Obinwa, who blamed the second rise in the water level in 2019 on the release of water from Lagdo Dam by Cameroonian authorities, added that the situation might take the disaster nature of the year 2012. “As at October 28, the water level was 11.51 metres, but the water level rose to 11.62m on November 3, 11.64m on November 4, 11.66m on November 5 and 11.68m on November 6 Obinwa said the alarm was necessary to adequately inform residents of the coastal communities in the four Local Government Areas of Anambra East, Anambra West, Ayamelum and Ogbaru where the impact of the flooding was already evident to take proactive measures. He said the situation might last as long as the Cameroonian authorities wished, urging the people to ensure they move out their important personal effects before the situation degenerates further. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.