The Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar, Chancellor of the University of Ibadan, charged all and sundry to be committed to contributing their quota to ensure the creation of wealth, thereby enabling the government to meet its obligations Chief Afe Babalola, received the honorary degree of letters (D.Litt), Emeritus Professor Ayodele Falase, bagged fellowship of the institution, Professor Folagbade Abaoba was decorated as honorary doctor of science (D.Sc), Dr Alex Ezeh got the honorary doctor of science (D.Sc), while Professor Chukwuma Edozien, received the honorary degree of science (D.Sc) posthumously. In attendance at the event were Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde; the Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Ogunwusi; the Olubadan of Ibadan, Oba Saliu Adetunji; the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi; General Overseer, Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye; Registrar, Joint Admission Matriculations Board (JAMB), Professor Ishaq Oloyede, among other personalities. Matawalle condemns killing of 14 Zamfara residents in… NNPC dismisses allegation on financial impropriety Azikiwe’s wife empowers 44 widows in Onitsha Local govt pensioners appeal to government over unpaid… ALSO READ: BREAKING: INEC declares Kogi West Senatorial election rerun inconclusive In his award acceptance speech, Afe Babalola argued that public universities in Nigeria will only be among the top universities in the world if made autonomous and free from government encumbrances. The Vice-Chancellor of the university, Professor Idowu Olayinka, urged the Buhari -led administration to accord the UI special attention in form of special reconstruction and rehabilitation funds as well as increased allocation spread over a period of about 10years. He vowed the resolve of the institution’s management to tackle its challenges in power supply, water supply and security through measures to include rehabilitation of pressure filter pipes at its water treatment plant, refurbishment of distribution transformers, procurement of safety equipment and provision of a streetlight at Appleton road. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!