The Minister of Aviation, Mr Hadi Sirika says the Federal Government has approved the overhaul of existing facilities at the Akanu Ibiam International Airport, Enugu. Sirika disclosed this on Thursday in Enugu while briefing newsmen after the inspection of ongoing work at the airport. It would be recalled that the Federal Government had in August 2019 closed flight operations at the airport following safety concerns raised by the ministry of aviation. The government ordered for the upgrade of facilities at the airport, including the completion of the International Terminal and Cargo Sections of the airport. The minister said that the contract awarded to PW Construction Company would see a total renovation and reconstruction of facilities at the airport. “The contractor has mobilised to site and we are here to see the progress of work so far done. My coming is also a fulfilment of my promise to relocate to the state until the work is delivered,” he said. He said that the Federal Government would ensure that the airport terminal, runway and international wing were among the best in the country. ALSO READ: Despite infrastructure deficit, aviation sector produced 7 million jobs in Africa ― Sirika Ganduje promises to solve challenges of NYSC in Kano YCE condemns military’s operation positive… Appeal Court Verdict: Fayemi Congratulates Olujimi, says… Enugu Airport: FG has mobilized contractor to site ―… Sirika disclosed that President Muhammadu Buhari had assured that the international wing would be funded until its completion. “I want to assure you that this procurement of the Akanu Ibiam International Airport reconstruction, rehabilitation of the runway and other associated works will be delivered prudently in the interest of all. “When completed, the airport is going to be one of the best and most modern airports in Nigeria,” he said. The minister said that the Federal Government was not unmindful of the difficulties the closure posed to the users of the facility. He said that the government had also directed the immediate rehabilitation of roads leading to nearby airports such as the Owerri Cargo Airport and Asaba Airport. He said that the directive was to ease the burden occasioned by the closure of the airport. Sirika commended the state government for its prompt response to the safety concerns which had put the airport in a dangerous position. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.