The Election Tribunal sitting in Lagos, on Monday, has declared the candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Hon. Kolawole Taiwo as the winner of the Federal House Of Representatives seat of Ajeromi/Ifelodun constituency in Lagos. The Three-man Tribunal chaired by Kunaza N. Hamid dismissed the petition of the Peoples’ Democratic Party and it’s candidate, Hon. Rita Orji that the re-run election at Ajeromi-Ifelodun was marred by violence, malpractices as testified by three witnesses. It would be recalled that INEC had declared the February 23 House of Representatives election in the constituency, inconclusive, giving over-voting, non-compliance with the usage of smart card readers and violence as reasons. The petitioners’ alleged that Hon. Orji was the winner after the election of February 23, 2019, and that INEC illegally cancelled the results of the election in 71 polling units. They claim that only the court could cancel the results of an election; adding that if the cancelled results are restored, the PDP would win. Based on that ground, the Federal High Court, Abuja presided over by Justice Bello Kawu ordered the Independent National Election Commission (INEC) to declare collated results of Ajeromi-Ifelodun Constituency as well as pay N250,000 to Orji. ALSO READ: Anambra workers to get salaries, benefits Dec 15 My commitment to delivering unparalleled representation… BREAKING: Gunmen abduct two lecturers in Kaduna, demand N5m… 91 jailed for rape, defilement in Edo Reps member condemns burning of SDP secretariat in Kogi INEC declared the results but did not pronounce any winner. Rather, the INEC later conducted a supplementary election in 71 polling units across eight wards and declared the All Progressives Congress candidate, Mr Kolawole Taiwo, winner of Ajeromi-Ifelodun Federal Constituency of Lagos State for the House of Representatives seat. The supplementary election is what the witnesses said was marred by violence and malpractices. Prof. Olusoji Ilori, the Returning Officer for the elections, announced that Taiwo polled a total of 36,115 votes to defeat the Peoples Democratic Party candidate, Mrs Rita Orji, who got 32,557 votes. Ilori added that Mr Matin Iwonlaye of Accord Party had 587 votes, Mr Jimoh Rasheed of PPN got 206 votes, Mr David Kola of AD polled 158 votes, Mr Michael Ogoeke of APP polled 149 votes while Ms Julie King of APDA polled 112 votes. According to him, Mr Adebayo Adegbenro of ADC scored 107 votes, Mr Kennedy Nzemiro of PPC had 90 votes, Mr Morenikeji Oluwole of MPN had 39 votes, Mr Jacob Ogundiran of DPC scored 17 votes while Ms Victoria Oladipupo of DA, polled 06 votes. Meanwhile, The Supporters of Hon. Taiwo Kolawole were filled with ecstasy as the announcement was made their candidate was the winner. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!