There was pandemonium along Ibadan-Ife expressway on Thursday when a fallen petrol tanker spilled its content, triggering fire outbreak which burnt two trucks, belonging to Dangote Group and one commercial bus. Nigerian Tribune reliably gathered that the incident occurred around 5.15 pm at Alasepe area of Ikire community in Irewole local government of Osun State. The development caused gridlock as one section of the expressway was closed to traffic, thus compelling motorists to use only the other section for commuters heading towards Ife and Ibadan. One of the passengers in the commercial bus currently receiving treatment in the hospital informed our correspondent that there were only two passengers inside the bus and the driver, saying that all of them survived. Ganduje promises to solve challenges of NYSC in Kano YCE condemns military’s operation positive… Appeal Court Verdict: Fayemi Congratulates Olujimi, says… Enugu Airport: FG has mobilized contractor to site ―… ALSO READ: NYSC, beacon of hope ― Makinde Source further hinted that other occupants of two trucks belonging to Dangote Group and the petrol tanker had scampered to safety before the fire outbreak. When contacted, the Osun State sector commander of the Federal Roads Safety Corps (FRSC), Mr Peter Oke confirmed the incident, disclosing that “there was a crash involving four vehicles, namely three trailers and one bus, which resulted to fire outbreak, around Alasepe area before Ikire from Gbongan.” He disclosed that five persons sustained burn injuries following the fire that engulfed the trucks and the commercial bus. “The fire service from Osogbo and Ibadan has been contacted and there on their way to the scene of the crash. The other lane of the expressway is now used for traffic flow. The details will be communicated later”, Oke stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.