The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, on Monday, assured that the 9th House of the National Assembly would encourage initiatives that would help create jobs for Nigerians. The Speaker said this while playing host to a delegation of the Greek Consortium led by Mr Patrick Osobase in ABUJA. On the main focus of the consortium, which is to boost fishing in Nigeria, Gbajabiamila said it was a laudable initiative that the House would also support. According to him, “I was wondering what the Greek Consortium means, but we now know what it is. You have a wonderful project, and it’s something that we’re delighted to partner with you on as a House. “We have a deficit in terms of fish production in Nigeria, but it’s gladdening that you’re doing something about it. ‎We would like to know how many people you trained so far, how many are working and all that. It will be good to have all that on paper so that when we’re making a case, we can have evidence “I’m glad about the issue of local content in the project. We’re interested in local content, and we’re happy that you’re looking at that. We should also know the financial implications of this. Let’s know what the government will commit to the project. ALSO READ: Senate confirms 15 NDDC board nominees, rejects one Cattle Dealers kick over multiple taxation, harassment Kwara customs generates N1.27b, seized goods worth N25.4m in… N14bn NEPZA diverted funds to NSEZCO still with CBN ― Trade… Our 2020 budget, renewal of hope ― Bauchi commissioner “For the National Assembly to come in, it has to know the implications. But beyond that, we must commend you for what you’re doing. This is what we should encourage you to do.” Earlier, Mr Osobase, who thanked the Speaker for granting them audience, said the Greek Consortium was formed to intervene in some areas, including training some Nigerians in the area of modern fishing. He said hundreds of thousands of Nigerians would be gainfully employed in the short-run, while over one million people would also be engaged in the long-run. To achieve that, he said, a state-of-the-art processing plant would be built in Nigeria, noting that “this is the first of its kind in Nigeria. The processing and packaging will be based on EU standard because it can be exported to Europe.” According to him, “We’re talking with the ministry of labour on the production. We’re also talking with the North East Development Commission (NEDC). This is a national project. “The project will have branches in other African countries, but Nigeria will be the main hub. About 20 billion dollars worth of fish is being stolen from the Gulf of Guinea every year. But the system we’ll come up with will ensure that everything is monitored.” Also speaking, the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Niger Delta Affairs, Sen Ita Enang, who was part of the delegation, said the project would be beneficial to Nigeria in a different way. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.