The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has observed that the public apology and kneeling by the Chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC) Kogi state campaign council, Kaduna state Governor Nasir El-Rufai, confirms that even the APC agrees that Governor Yahaya Bello does not merit a second term. According to a statement issued in Abuja on Thursday by Kola Ologbondiyan, PDP National Publicity Secretary, the genuflection by El-Rufai is also a direct confirmation that the failed Governor Bello cannot lay claim to any genuine vote at the November 16 governorship election. The PDP noted that the Edo State deputy governor, Philip Shuaibu, also knelt before the Kogi people to beg for Yahaya Bello which further shows that it is public knowledge that the governor misused the opportunity given to him to lead the state. ALSO READ: Southwest development bill scales first reading How TB Joshua brokered peace in South Sudan, Tanzania Busola Dakolo to appeal case after court dismisses suit… Southwest development bill scales first reading APC has turned Nembe to Sambisa forest ― Diri The statement added: “Unfortunately, the apology is coming too late in the day and cannot be accepted by the people of Kogi state, whose lives, Yahaya Bello had turned into a living hell in the last four year. “Moreover, Yahaya Bello openly confirmed that he is irredeemable as he stood without any sign of remorse while El-Rufai and the Edo State deputy governor begged the unimpressed scanty crowd. “Governor El-Rufai and the APC ought to have counselled Yahaya Bello at the time he was busy suppressing, insulting, abusing and making life unbearable for the people of Kogi state as if there will not be a day of reckoning. “The irreversible fact is that the day of reckoning has come. The people of Kogi state have moved beyond Yahaya Bello and the APC. They are already moving on with the PDP candidate, Engr. Musa Wada, in their determination for a new order in their state and there is no looking back.” PDP advised El-Rufai to assist Bello in preparing his handover notes as “he will surely face a crushing defeat at the polls, come Saturday, November 16th.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!