Dana Air Media and Communications Manager, Mr Kingsley Ezenwa, on Saturday said the airline flew 5.4 million passengers in its 11 years of operation in Nigeria. Ezenwa, in a statement issued in Lagos, said the airline expected to double the figure by sustaining its operational efficiency, increasing its fleet size, maintaining its record on-time performance and raising the bar of its excellent service delivery in the coming years. “Having completed a commercial analysis of our loads in the last 11 years and confirmed it to stand at 5.4 million, we have set the ball rolling for the next 9 years. “We have commenced reviewing plans and we intend to raise the bar of our operational efficiency, increase our fleet and improve on our excellent service delivery to remain on top and keep the commitment and loyalty of our staff and guests. “With the addition of two of our recently acquired B737 aircraft, we are looking at creating more flights and providing massive capacity at underserved destinations within our route network this yuletide. “This is to ensure seamless travel experience for our guests to avoid the uncertainty of last year. “On our product and services delivery, we have the Dana Miles Club which offers benefits such as miles plus cash, miles in exchange for ticket, excess baggage allowance, discount at partner outlets and upgrade from economy to business class. Open defecation can increase rate of sexual assault on… Restructuring: Fashola fears `Brexit experience’ for Nigeria NAF chopper crash: Reps summon Chief of Air Staff Kano ‘chip whip’: DSS, FRSC burst fake number… ALSO READ: Open defecation can increase rate of sexual assault on children, women — Minister “Our Dana Miles guests should expect more in terms of innovation and rewards. “Our business class service is amazing and the service is second to none, tailored for customers who love to travel in style, luxury and comfort. “We would like to keep the travel experience as topnotch as always. “We have dedicated each day to serving our customers even better and we have upped our enlightenment for passengers to use their correct details so we can interact with them directly via our multiple channels.” The Dana Air spokesman said that airline was one of Nigeria’s leading airlines with a fleet size of nine aircraft and daily flights to major destinations in Nigeria. He said that the airline was reputed for its innovative online products and services, world-class in-flight services and unrivalled on-time performance. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!