Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal of Sokoto State is presently taking the centre-stage in Seattle, United States of America (USA) where he is currently leading the Nigerian Governors’ Forum (NGF) delegation to a meeting organised by the Aliko Dangote Foundation in concert with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. The two foundations which facilitated the meetings were also represented by their chairmen, Mr Bill Gates and Aliko Dangote. Other governors at the two day meeting held at the headquarters of Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation were: Inuwa Yahaya (Gombe), Bala Mohammed (Bauchi), Dapo Abiodun (Ogun), Abdullahi Sule (Nasarawa), Babajide Sanwo-Olu (Lagos), Abdullahi Umar Ganduje (Kano), Ifeanyi Okowa (Delta) and Prof. Babagana Umara Zulum, while others were represented. ALSO READ: Atiku’s son-in-law gave Obasanjo $140,000 ― Witness Oyo govt to procure communication equipment worth N178.7m… Insurgency: Nigerian Army seeks support from NEDC Atiku’s son-in-law gave Obasanjo $140,000 ― Witness 11-year-old kidnapped in Kano, sold at Onitsha for N200,000… This is according to a statement signed by the Special Adviser, Media and Publicity to Governor Tambuwal, Muhammad Bello, and released to journalists in Sokoto on Wednesday. The statement which quoted Governor Tambuwal revealed that the round table discussion between the NGF, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, and Dangote Foundation, according to Gov. Tambuwal, “focused on health care issues and human capital development”. He said: “Interactive sessions in which my colleagues and I participated along with the foundations’ teams, key federal and state-level sector health leaders from Nigeria, brainstormed on the link between health and human capital development. “The conference also discussed current country performance, benchmarking local and international development indicators, and engagement of participants in solution-based learnings and discussions to co-create opportunities for improved health and human capital development,” the governor stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!