The governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kogi state, Engr Musa Wada, on Wednesday, rounded off his campaign with a promise to entrench good governance if elected the governor of the state. Addressing a crowd of supporters that gathered at CMML Senior Primary school at Ayingba, Dekina local government area of the state, Wada attributed the large number of crowd to the people’s determination to put an end to a hungry laden government of the APC in the state. He encouraged the people to come out on Saturday and cast their votes and not be deterred by the threat of violence across the state. ALSO READ: Kogi guber: Lawyer sues PDP, INEC over Wada’s mental status He said the PDP was ready to bring back the lost glory of the state and return to the era of developmental activities that the party was known for. Bayelsans deserve continuity of good  governance —Dickson Bayelsa gov poll:  An election of uncertainty, fear 13 people including two children die in Lagos-Ibadan… BREAKING: Lagos PDP elects new executive despite restraining… Wada said he was ready to redress the injustice done to the people in the last four years by the present administration of the All Progressives Congress (APC). He said, “Nobody gave you one naira to come here, you are here because of interest, determination and desire to yourselves, and the entire people of the state, from maladministration, poverty, lack of salary payment, development decay as characterised in the APC government in Kogi state. “I want to assure you that your sacrifice to liberate Kogi state, will not go unnoticed, because my first priority as governor if Allah permits, will be total human and physical development. “I want to enter into covenant with you that I will not compromise in the provision in my ‘Rescue mission’ agenda. As I will review all the injustice done to you by the present APC government in Kogi State”. Wada who assured the people and the electorates that the vote in November 16 election must count, called on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), police and other security agencies to be professional in the discharge of their duties before, during and after the election. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!