THE Kano State Police Command has rescued a four-year-old boy, Abdurrahman Dalha of Zangon Rimi Quarters, Ungogo LGA Kano State, from kidnappers who demanded a ransom of four million naira. According to a press statement by the state Police Public Relation Officer (PPRO), DSP Abdullahi Haruna and made available to newsmen disclosed that “the operatives swung into action where community policing tools were utilised and that led to the arrest of the principal suspect, one Anas Isah, 22 years old of Zangon Dakata Quarters Kano, while planning to collect the ransom.” DSP Haruna further disclosed that the Command’s Anti-Kidnapping team of Operation Puff-Adder was immediately mobilised when it received a complaint that unknown people kidnapped a four-year-old in the area. ALSO READ: Oyetola receives 250 PDP, SDP defectors to APC Cleric charges youth on creativity,  productivity Artistes will no longer commit suicide —Pop Boy STEM education: Oyo govt restates commitment to encouraging… Hate speech: Death penalty is antithetical to development ―… Without wasted much time, the command directed the anti kidnapper operatives to track down the kidnappers and arrest within 24 hours. However, the statement stated that the “suspect confessed to the commission of the crime and led Puff-Adder Operatives to the house of his aunt at Inusawa Village, Ungogo LGA where the kidnapped victim was rescued.” In the search, DSP Haruna said “his accomplice, one Umar Hassan popularly known as Liman of Zangon Rimi, a relative to the victim was also arrested. Suspects will be charged to court for prosecution after the investigation is completed.” While commending members of the public, the Command, therefore, called on the good citizens of the state to continue cooperating with the Police for a timely and prompt rendition of information and intelligence on any form of crime and criminality within the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!