Yoruba youths under the aegis of Yoruba Council of Youths Worldwide (YCYW) have urged Nigerians to shun attacks targeted at the person of Prof Yemi Osinbajo and his Office as the Vice President of Nigeria, just as they denounced the attacks which they said we’re being orchestrated by “some disgruntled elements” to reduce “Osinbajo’s growing national acceptability.” The youth made the call following the controversies trailing developments in the presidency, even as they urged all stakeholders and leaders of thoughts in the country, particularly in Yorubaland to act decisively to rescue the situation from enemies of progress. Besides, they also demanded an emergency stakeholder’s parley with President Muhammadu Buhari and Professor Yemi Osinbajo where all leading Yoruba youth leaders would be in attendance at a date soon not later than 20th November 2019. YCYW, which is the apex youth organization’s in Yorubaland, said this on Sunday in a release jointly signed by its National President and Publicity Secretary, Aare Barr Oladotun Hassan and Yinka Sotade respectively, shortly after its emergency meeting in Lagos. “We unanimously demand for a clarion call to rally support for the Office of the Vice President in this trying period in the presidency, while calling for an audience with President Muhammadu Buhari and Professor Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, GCON, for an Emergency Stakeholders Meeting of all leading Yoruba Youth Leaders at a date soon not later than 20th November, 2019. ALSO READ: #KogiDecides2019: SDP candidate, Akpoti, calls for cancellation of guber poll “This proposed meeting is aimed at seeking clarity on the reported controversies within the presidency, particularly the recent sporadic media attacks to the noble person and office of the VP by certain persons in some political quarters, perceived from both within and outside the shores of Yoruba Land; as well as critically discussing and dissecting all issues of mutual interests on the state of the nation, security, economy, youth development, among other national issues,” the group said. BREAKING: INEC declares APC’s David Lyon winner of… BREAKING: INEC declares Kogi West Senatorial election rerun… BREAKING: APC scores highest votes as INEC announces final… #BayelsaDecides: Residents in jubilation as APC leads The group, which sadly noted that multiple attacks were being orchestrated by those it called disgruntled elements reportedly in the presidency, “to reduce Osinbajo’s growing national acceptability, declared that no amount of such campaigns of calumny would taint the vice- president’s popularity as a true patriot committed to the service of his fatherland. According to YCYW, the “alleged orchestrated evil agenda of such persons aimed at possibly demeaning the vice president’s towering integrity and principled ethos as ‘Omoluabi T’ooto (True Virtuousness)’ is a plan bound to fail.” “Nevertheless, we call on all Nigerians and the global community to ignore this clandestine evil modus operandi of agent provocateurs spearheading the various premeditated and obviously sponsored attacks against the vice- president recently in the public domain,” the group added. Meanwhile, the Yoruba Council of Youths Worldwide (YCYW) has unveiled that it proposed to hold a national unity and peace summit to be organized across all regions of the country, tentatively in the first quarter of 2020. According to the umbrella body for youths across Yorubaland, the parley “is to further ventilate council’s growing concerns on the internal growth of the Yorubaland (South West Geopolitical Zone) and other national interests, in view of the large domiciled assets and huge economic resources it contributes to the national IGR.” The youth group added that the summit would help to peacefully resolve all our common challenges, and proffer immediate and long-term panaceas by “healing our wounds jointly,” even as it urged all Nigerians to think Nigeria first and foremost in order to build stronger bonds of patriotism. “We urge all Nigerians to ‘Think Nigeria First’ by ensuring that together we build stronger bonds of patriotism and continued support for the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration,” YCYW said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!