An industrialist and chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in Anambra state, Mr Godwin Chukwunenye Ezeemo, has expressed a feeling of empathy for the citizens of Anambra state. Mr Ezeemo said that the people were currently suffering acute unemployment under the present APGA-led state government, claiming that as an employer of labour with over 4000 workers in his employ, he would provide employment for both Illiterate and literate citizens in the state, if he becomes the next governor. The PDP governorship aspirant, who expressed his avowed commitment to diversify the state economy to accommodate all and sundry, at a parley organised by a non-governmental organization known as Friends of Godwin Chukwunenye Ezeemo yesterday in Awka, said Anambra state needed governors with developmental and laudable ideas to drive the fortunes of the state. ALSO READ: 27 suspects awaiting trial get amnesty in Bauchi He said he was better positioned to produce a virile Anambra state where opportunities abound for prosperity, adding that his 20 years experience in the United Kingdom had exposed him to numerous ways and ideas upon which Anambra could be better if he becomes the next governor. NIMASA donates educational materials to 4 schools in… W/African FIUs forum moves office to Nigeria Nigeria needs resourceful youths for national development ―… Diabetes: Governments urged to subsidise cost of treatment He explained that he transferred more than half of his business empire to his home state since 2012 and has continued to create employment for the citizenry ever since. He said he was a trader, farmer, industrialist, publisher, philanthropist, to mention a few, stressing that his love for humanity could not be over-emphasized. According to him, his sincerity was not in doubt and that it only required an individual with sincerity of purpose to place Anambra state on the path of success even though he observed that the state was currently plagued by bad roads and that Awka the state capital was still a glorified local government. The industrialist noted that Nnewi too was nothing to write home about and that the level of decay in the state was alarming, stressing that a significant portion of the population were beggars because they lacked the requisite mentorship for self-reliance. He, however, stated that the time has eventually come for the people to establish themselves in their home state while appealing to them to make the right decisions to enthrone a government that would demonstrate practical concern for the welfare of the citizens especially the poor and less-privileged citizens. The Chairman of the group, Hon. Ibuchim Ezekwelu (JP), in his welcome speech, charge the philanthropist to come out in full to tell the people of Anambra his plans and programmes for the state. He added that he would continue to market Mr Ezeemo achievement before the entire state, who he described as great material for the number one site SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!