In its move to boost standard if education, Kano State government would establish an Education Trust Fund, to help the citizens attain the objective of providing sound education to their children, the state governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje has announced. This is just as he noted that in this regard, the government also earmarked N49. 9 billion, representing 25. 23 per cent of its 2020 Appropriation bill for Education, to allow for critical projects such as the free and compulsory education policy. The development is coming shortly after the state government unveiled its free and compulsory basic – senior secondary education policy, which also prioritises inclusive and Almajiri education, which has received national acclaim. Making the assertion on Tuesday,  Ganduje, during an extraordinary Executive Council meeting to deliberate on the draft Kano Education Trust Fund bill at the Government House in Kano, stated that his administration aimed to generate funds to build a solid foundation for a more literate and competitive society. His words: “You could recall that we recently launched free and compulsory education in Kano. Under this policy, several plans would be implemented including the provision of infrastructure, integrating Islamic and Qur’anic education, girl – child education, teacher training, community participation etc. All these require funds so we have to ensure ways of making the policy sustainable.” In this regard, the Kano State government also earmarked N49. 9 billion, representing 25. 23 per cent of its 2020 Appropriation bill for Education, to allow for critical projects such as the free and compulsory education policy. Support Tinubu to succeed Buhari in 2023, youths tell APC… CBi unveils Web-based Solution to help MSMEs UPDATE: UN condemns killing of Kogi PDP woman leader Do not reject corps members, Ganduje tells ministries,… ALSO READ: UPDATE: UN condemns killing of Kogi PDP woman leader Dr. Ganduje added that a bill for the establishment and management of the State Modern Skills Acquisition Center has been forwarded to the state House of Assembly for passage. This, he maintained, was to ensure efficient management of the centre, adding that “my recent visit to London was to discuss with the manufactures of the equipment we installed, on how to run the place. We have agreed to engage an expert from their side to administer it for some time, to set its management tone, so that doesn’t end up rubbishing the investment. “They are going to train 35 of our carefully selected tutors from Kano in addition to about six more that will be selected soon. They will be trained for about six weeks on handling the equipment we installed so that when they resume work, things will go on smoothly,” he added. Ganduje was also in Paris, France last week to discuss with French government officials on the joint scholarship scheme for lecturers of tertiary institutions from Kano. The governor announced that the French authorities agreed to extend the scholarship programme for another five years to enable more lecturers from Kano to pursue postgraduate and doctoral courses in French universities. Meanwhile, Ganduje briefed the state Executive Council on his visit to the Seattle, USA, under the aegis of the Progressive Governors Forum, where issues bordering on primary health care and routine immunisation were discussed, with the co-chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Bill Gates and Alhaji Aliko Dangote. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!