Secretary to the Gombe State Government (SSG), Prof. Ibrahim Abubakar Njodi has tasked new National Executives members of Gombe State Students Association (GOSSA) to be diligent in service to other students who are members of the Association and the state in general. The SSG who stated this when he hosted the National body of GOSSA in his office, said that student unionism must be seen as a breeding ground for leadership and therefore advised the new Executive members to be prudent and steadfast in their newfound role. ALSO READ: NDLEA arrests 24 suspected drug dealers in Anambra NDLEA arrests 24 suspected drug dealers in Anambra Group wants Buhari to free El-Zakzaky, Sambo Dasuki, Sowore Governors plan to lift 24m Nigerians out of poverty Lagos to procure tablets for teachers to improve teaching… Professor Njodi assures the student’s body that the administration of Governor Inuwa Yahaya is poised to commence the payment of all outstanding scholarship allowance to students of Gombe state origin as soon as all issues affecting the selective payment are resolved. He equally promised that the present administration will look into the possibility of providing a vehicle and benefiting office accommodation to the Association. National President of the Gombe State Students Association (GOSSA), Comrade Aliyu Sa’ad Hassan told the SSG that they were in his office to formally introduce the new Executive members and to pledge their support to the Governor Inuwa Yahaya led administration. While enumerating some of the challenges confronting the Association, the National President of GOSSA express the hope that the administration will come to their aid. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.