The Chemical and Non Metallic Products Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (CANMPSSAN), has tasked the Federal Government to formulate and implement public policies that will scale up performance and enhance inclusive growth of the chemical sector of the nation’s economy. The President of CANMPSSAN, Comrade Segun David, while speaking at the union’s annual National Management/Industrial Relations seminar held in Abeokuta, Ogun State said the government should give maximum support to the sector for it to continue to play its leading role in the economy. “We contribute immensely to the Gross Domestic Products (GDP) of the country, particularly slipping Nigeria out of economic recession and still making the economy more vibrant”, he said. Speaking at the 24th annual seminar with a theme: “An Overview of the Nigeria Corporate Survival and Industrial Relations Practices in the face of economic challenges-Chemical and Non-Metallic Products experience”, the CANMPSSAN President noted that Chemical and Non Metallic Products sector is more diverse than virtually any other industry in Nigeria. He added that the sector drives the economy of the country; but lamented that the Nigeria’s business environment in which the Chemical and Non Metallic Products sector is operating is faced with various challenges. Nigerians and the burden of religion ITUC-Africa holds congress in Abuja Orin-Ekiti: How herdsmen destroyed our multi-million naira… Socio-economic crisis, bane of crime and criminality… According to him, these challenges are  characterised by lingering structural bottle necks pervaded by comatose infrastructure, low capacity utilisation, unemployment, import dependence, poor regulatory environment, insecurity, inadequate long term financing hindering real sector growth, multiple taxation, unfavorable interest rate and low corporate governance practices. He said: “It is unfortunate that we have companies like we have in Nigeria and government cannot provide the facilities and the enabling environment needed for them to thrive as we have in the developed economy. “Government should look into these factors if they really want the manufacturing sector to be the driving force of economic growth in the country.” Comrade David added that the sector also have to contend with various internal factors ranging from the issues of gratuity, downsizing, victimization, outsourcing, contract staffing and other anti-labour activities. He pointed out that the seminar was specifically packaged to make the union proactive in confronting the challenges, and conform with the international best practices on Industrial relations matters. On the border closure, the CANMPSSAN president said the effect will strengthen the policy of diversification, grow domestic industries and boost the nation’s economic growth. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!