THE Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon Femi Gbajabiamila, on Wednesday called for a collaboration with the Commonwealth Ecological Council to solve ecological issues. Hon Gbajabiamila said that collaboration and engagements with bodies like the Commonwealth Ecological Council would be beneficial to the country. The Speaker stated this in Abuja when he hosted a delegation of the council led by Hon Levy Oguike and Sen Sanusi Dagash, who paid him a courtesy call. According to him, “I thank you for coming to visit the House where we seek partnerships that work for the development of Nigeria. That’s our focus, that’s what we’ll be doing, and we’ll reach out to all the stakeholders. ALSO READ: BREAKING: White House locked down as aircraft enters restricted space Shun cultism, drugs, other vices, Gbajabiamila urges… Xenophobic attacks: Reps honour Air peace boss Gbajabiamila congratulates Buhari, APC on tribunal victory International Youth Day: Gbajabiamila seeks transformation… “We created the Committee on Ecological Fund because we want a special committee that will deal with the issues of ecology “I’m sure you’ll work closely with the committee to realise our aspirations. From your presentation, the committee’s work is much more than we all thought “We seek your collaboration. There are issues that require attention to climate change. We look forward to continuous engagements with you. We look forward to working closely with you.” Earlier, the President of the Commonwealth Ecological Council, Hon Oguike, who was in the company of the chairman of the House Committee on Ecological Fund, Hon Isiaka Ibrahim, said the council was concerned about promoting issues of human ecology. He said climate change is a reality that every stakeholder must work assiduously toward addressing, noting that they would want the House to take good measures on the matter. On his part, Sen Dagash, who is a member of the governing council, said the issues of ecology are wider and have far-reaching implications than people would think about. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!