The Anambra State Government has called on Ndi Igbo to re-unite as a group to develop their region. “Ndi Igbo have the capacity, knowledge and intelligence to prosper, our major problem is our inability to come together as a group.” Governor Willie Obiano said this at the 2nd Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu Memorial Lecture, held at Chief Ben Nwazojie (SAN), Law Auditorium, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, Igbariam Campus. The memorial lecture with the theme: ‘’Ndi Igbo in the Contemporary Nigeria Politics: Problems, Prospects and Way Forward” was used to mark late Ojukwu’s 86th posthumous birthday.” The Governor who was represented at the occasion by his Deputy, Dr Nkem Okeke urged Ndi Igbo to imbibe the attitude of ‘Aku luo Uno’ while clamouring for the restructuring of the country for greater height. “For Ndi Igbo to grow their own economic backbone there is need to develop their respective states and not solely depending on the allocation given to them by the federal government. “We have to look inside ourselves and see how we can come together as a group and develop our region.” Discussing the lecture theme, the guest lecturer, Professor Kingsley Moghalu, explored the history and origin of Ndigbo, as well as the contemporary political history of the Igbos. Moghalu, former Deputy Governor, CBN stressed the need for Nigeria to heal, forgive collectively and move on as a country. He urged Ndi Igbo to let go of their bitterness for the loss of the lives of their loved ones. How a dying man was raised in Adamawa crusade — Bishop Zuga Don’t privatize water sector AUPCTRE, ERA/FoEN appeal… Bayelsa poll: 7 PDP govs, chairman, others storm Yenagoa Lagos fire: Sanwo-Olu visits Balogun market, sympathises… ALSO READ: Bill prohibiting sexual harassment in tertiary institutions scales second reading in Senate “If we remain permanently bitter, we can’t heal and if we can’t heal, we can’t compete effectively in the political terrain in Nigeria.” He, then, enjoined them to pursue the agenda of constitutional restructuring and fundamental electoral reform, as well as redouble efforts toward regional integration and infrastructure in the South-East states. Senator Ike Ekweremmadu, Chairman of the occasion described the theme of the lecture as a subject that had agitated the minds of Ndi Igbo and the late Ikemba till his exit on earth. “Ndi Igbo are not happy with their place in contemporary Nigeria and have not been accorded their rightful place in the body politics. “The inequality distribution of national offices, revenue sharing and blessings of democracy such as infrastructure have made it impossible for Ndigbo to fully harness their potentials.” The Senator thanked the government and people of Anambra State for immortalizing the late Ikemba by naming an institution after him. He, then, praised the Vice-Chancellor and leadership of Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University for continually celebrating the memorial of Ikemba’s legacies by way of the annual lecture to discuss national matters. Wife of the late hero, Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu described her late husband as a man that stood for exemplary legacy and leadership. She, then, thanked the government for the support in sustaining the lecture of late Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu. Dignitaries present at the occasion include; Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu, represented by the DG Southeast Governor’s Forum, Prof. Simon Atuanya, the First Female Governor of Anambra state, Dame Virgy Etiaba, Former Deputy Governor, Mr Emeka Sibudu, Spiritual and Royal fathers. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.