Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has assured the Ejamah Community and other host communities of Oil Mining Lease (OML) 11 that the state government would defend their right in any ensuing legal battle over the oil facility acquired by the government. Speaking during an appreciation visit by the leaders of Ejamah community of Eleme Local Government Area Thursday in Port Harcourt, the governor commended the community for standing firm and fighting through to established due process. “While I remain, Governor, one thing I will never do is sell the interest of our people. The property of Shell Petroleum Development Company ( SPDC) was auctioned and the Rivers State Government bided and acquired them. “There will be legal battles. The Rivers State Government will stand for Rivers people”, he declared and reiterated that with the acquisition of the 45 per cent stakes of SPDC at OML 11, the Rivers State Government would extend some percentage to the host communities to give them a sense of belonging. He praised Ejamah community for engaging in the legal battle for 29 years and refusing to be swayed by financial proposals by SPDC. He said: “I am ready for the legal battle. The interest of Rivers State must be protected at all times. But for your fight, who will be talking of Rivers State Government acquiring OML 11. OML 11 is not only for Ogoni, but it also extends to Okrika, Andoni, Oyigbo and Ikwerre. ALSO READ: Lagos reads riot act to corrupt CDA leaders over extortion, undue harassment “Any community linked to OML 11 should be eternally grateful to you. I know some communities that only N300million will change them. Your refusal to collect N7billion led to the auctioning of Shell Interest. Military hands over 86 Boko Haram members to Borno govt for… Resident doctors issue 21-day strike notice to Kaduna govt CNN’s African Voices Changemakers meets Tony Elumelu Adeyeye’s ouster, part of sacrifice for… “If the Federal Government wants to talk, it is the Rivers State Government it should talk with because we have acquired Shell’s interest. I am with you. God knows I have no personal interest.” The Governor recommended the style of Ejamah Community, which is based on legal struggles to other communities. He said without violence, Ejamah community defeated SPDC in the courts. He said no matter the schemes by SPDC, the judgment of the Supreme Court must be implemented. The Governor commended the lawyer to the community, Lucius Nwosu (SAN) for his trustworthiness. Wike formally recognised the Traditional Ruler of Ejamah community as a second class chief and directed the reconstruction of Ebubu Community Secondary School. Earlier, Leader of the Ejamah Community, Chief George Osaro said that the people of Ejamah community are happy with the governor’s intervention in OML 11. He said: “The people of Ejamah community do hereby express our profound gratitude to you for wading into the matter and ensuring that the Rivers State Government purchased the 45percent interest of SPDC in OML 11.” He said that the intervention of the governor should not be misconstrued, as it is the overall interest of the host communities. He said that the action has liberated the people. Chief Osaro said that Ejamah Ebubu suffered one of the worst oil spill, which negatively affected their environment. “We must understand that the Governor’s plan is to boost the state economy, create employment and alleviate the suffering of the people, the State and the Niger Delta entirely as well as the nation”, he said. He described Governor Wike as a pacesetter, a visionary leader and emancipator of the people. The Ejamah community later conferred on Governor Wike a chieftaincy title: “Oneh Owese Oboru Ejamah.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.