Leveraging the strong partnership between the companies in Nigeria, Tizeti has extended its partnership with MainOne as the company launches in Ghana as GhanaWifi.com. This will be Tizeti’s first expansion outside Nigeria, in the continuation of the existing partnership that has seen increased broadband accessibility across Lagos since 2017. Tizeti will operate solar-powered WiFi Towers across Ghana, utilising the same technology as they used in Nigeria, where Tizeti in partnership with MainOne and Facebook, continue to serve thousands of users with unlimited high-speed broadband internet access, covering over 90 per cent of Lagos. Since its inception, the company has installed over 17,000 public WiFi hotspots within Nigeria with over 1 million unique users, rolling out hundreds of internet hotspots across Lagos, Ogun and Port Harcourt. Makinde vs Adelabu: Confusion as APC, PDP celebrate Appeal Court ruling in Oyo Speaking on their expansion, Mr Kendall Ananyi, Chief Executive Officer, Tizeti, explained, “We are proud to have built a world-class network that delivers connectivity to users at a fraction of the current cost, not just in Nigeria but also across the region. We understand the importance of world-class, quality broadband connectivity to the growth of a global digital economy and will continue to push the development of a replicable cost-effective solution to reach millions of Africans, starting one country at a time with Nigeria and Ghana.” Minister urges Nigerians to embrace new technologies,… Electronic fraud, a challenge in Nigeria’s telecoms industry… Samoa to host ITU’s global Girls in ICT Day 2020… NBC to switch off analogue signal in 2020 Using solar-powered base stations, Tizeti will be able to reduce operating costs, which will provide competitive subscription packages for Ghanaian costumers and businesses. The company’s operation in Ghana will start with next-generation 802.11AC WiFi equipment for better service quality, which is much faster and more reliable than previous generations. The Chief Executive Officer, MainOne, Funke Opeke, commended the commitment of Tizeti to improve the accessibility of quality broadband services across the region. She said: “We remain committed towards the digital transformation of the region and we are happy to extend our partnership with Tizeti beyond the borders of Nigeria. Leveraging our cable capacity to ultimately improve the digital services in West Africa and enabling capacity development, wealth creation and economic growth through affordable and ubiquitous connectivity is something we are excited about. With our existing connectivity and data centre in Ghana, we envision a seamless WiFi penetration entry for Tizeti and we are excited to be a part of their journey.”  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!