Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed has said that the country’s division under the guise of religion is impossible. Mohammed made this known at the Centenary Cultural Day and Award Ceremony of the Anglican Communion of Lagos Diocese, held in Lagos. He noted that Anglican Church brought to the fore the effective role Nigerian churches are playing in uniting the country. “From what we have seen today and seeing all cultures sitting together showing how we love one another, It is impossible for anybody under the aegis of religion to divide this country. “What we have witnessed today at the Anglican Communion of the Diocese Of Lagos confirmed the indivisibility of Nigeria as a country. “The Performances, ranging from Itsekiri, Awori, Akwa-Ibom, Brazillian and so many others, have shown us how we are united than we are divided. ALSO READ: True leaders play down religion —Osinbajo “The Diocese is making us to know that the Church is playing effective role in uniting Nigeria,” He said. Lai Mohammed appreciated the Bishop for the laudable initiative, expressing optimism of having more of the cultural display. Speaking also, the wife Of The Lagos State Governor, Mrs Ibijoke Sanwoolu-olu, charged Nigerian churches to be recommitted to sound teachings of the word of God and strict adherence to God’s commandments. Oil tanker catches fire on Otedola Bridge in Lagos Yuletide: FG begins free train ride from Lagos to Ibadan Border closure: Over N3.5bn worth of goods seized, import… Lagos to revive Songhai agricultural youth empowerment… She said that the Centenary’s theme is well represented in the Bible, adding that there is strength in waiting upon the Lord. Meanwhile, Ibijoke lauded the Centenary City project of the church to give back to the society in terms of the low-income housing estate to take care of people irrespective of their religions. The Diocesan Bishop, Olumakaiye Bamisebi lauded Nigerians for being undivided despite the country’s cultural differences. Bamisebi expressed gratitude to God for the 100 years celebration of the church. “Despite having people of different culture, we are undivided in our worship of God “We are grateful to God for these past 100 years as a Diocese and the ongoing Centenary Celebration. Indeed, God has been our God. “We have come together as one to celebrate the glory of God and to showcase the glory of God who has made us stronger, Deeper and higher as a Diocese,” Olumakaiye said. The Awardees at the occasion were Chief Bode George; The Chief Executive Officer, Channels TV, John Momoh; and Special Adviser to the President on Sustainable Development Goals, Princess Adejoke Adefulire. Chairman, Daewoo Autoland Limited, Dr Toyin Okeowo; Mr Kunle and Mrs Yinka Adedayo; The Ven. Olumuyiwa Adebowale; Dr Ebi Omatsola and Sir Paul and Lady Ifeoma Okafor. Others were Mr Gbolade and Mrs Funke Osibodu; Orijelu Of Igbooye, HRH Oba Michael Onakoya; and Pa Samuel Olowoselu. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!