Osun state governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola has inaugurated a 5-man panel to chart a way forward for the operations of Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), Ogbomoso. The panel was constituted as part of the administration’s efforts to finding a last solution to the lingering crisis rocking the university. Members of the panel are the deputy governor, Mr Benedict Alabi; a renowned Professor of Vocational and Technical Education, Professor Olu Aina; Commissioner for Education, Mr Olayinka Folorunso, Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Barrister Femi Akande and Commissioner for Finance, Mr Bola Oyebamiji. The panel, which is chaired by Professor Olu Aina was a fallout of the meeting brokered by the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Council of the institution, Professor Oladapo Afolabi, former governors of the state, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola and Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola among other prominent Nigerians. It was the resolution of Governor Gboyega Oyetola (Osun) and Governor Seyi Makinde (Oyo) at that meeting that a 10-man committee- five from each state- be constituted to resolve the lingering issues and chart a new cause that will be mutually beneficial to the two states. ALSO READ: FG begins harmonisation of land acquisition procedures “The terms of reference of the 5-man panel are: To determine the financial responsibility of each state to the university and the teaching hospital, and likely outstanding, if there is any, in accordance with the Act establishing the university and the teaching hospital in Osogbo.” Controversy trails Niger govt’s cancellation of teachers’… UI converts non-teaching staff to academic staff ranks Quality education non-negotiable in  Lagos schools… Tertiary institutions should involve alumni in their… “And to establish actual monthly wages and salaries of the university and the teaching hospital; to establish the total annual revenue, both internal and external, of the university and the teaching hospital.” “And also to consider sustainable viable options for the university and the teaching hospital, including financial and governance, without prejudice to the well-being of the students and staff; recommend, justify and ranking of all options in order of sustainability.” “And to develop implementation arrangement for all the viable sustainable management options with timelines and to consider any other issue relevant to the objectives of this mandate.” In his address, while inaugurating the 5-man committee, Oyetola said “the initiative was a confirmation of the position of the administration that dialogue and observance of due process remained the best way to resolve the lingering crisis and make the two states to relate as good neighbours and ensure that the institution delivers on its mandate.” He said: “as an administration, we believe that co-ownership of LAUTECH without rancour is possible if the terms of funding including obligations, privileges and rights of the parties concerned are well-spelt out and if all parties play the game according to the rules.” While charging members of the panel on the need to discharge their duties with a high sense of integrity, patriotism, fairness and fear of God, Oyetola said, “your membership of the panel is a sacred duty to the state and the generation of Osun yet unborn.” In his remarks, the chairman of the committee, Professor Aina thanked the governor for the confidence reposed in him and his members to serve the state and assured that the panel would discharge its duties as expected. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.