A State High Court sitting in Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti state capital has dismissed a suit by the people of Iye-Ekiti to stop the relocation of Ilejemeje local government headquarters from the community to Eda Oniyo by the state government. Following the pronouncement in 1996 of Iye Ekiti as the headquarters against Eda Oniyo that was contained in the federal government’s gazette, the Eda Oniyo community had gone to court to contest what they described as politically motivated relocation of the headquarters by the then military governor, Col. Inua Mohammed Bawa. The Supreme court in its judgement on December 14, 2018, recognised Eda Oniyo as the headquarters and ordered Governor Kayode Fayemi to effect the relocation with immediate effect. ALSO READ: #BayelsaDecides: Dickson sues for peace, rejects election result The state government through the deputy governor, Chief Bisi Egbeyemi had in October announced the relocation of the headquarters to Eda-Oniyo. Court fixes Jan 27, 2020, for suit challenging levy in Ikeja… Court remands 2 farmers for cheating businessman of N1.3m Tension as 500 workers face sack in Ekiti varsity Three guards in court for allegedly stealing customer’s… However, the Iye-Ekiti community through their counsel, Taiwo Kupolati had argued that the decision of the government contravened the local government administration law of 1999 which recognised Iye-Ekiti as the headquarters of Ilejemeje local government area and that the community was not a party to the suit. But, delivering his judgement on Tuesday, Justice Abiodun Adesodun ruled that Counsel to Iye Ekiti, Mr Kupolati had approached a wrong Court to seek redress over judgement by the Apex Court. Justice Adesodun dismissed arguments of Iye-Ekiti that they were not part of the suit in the Supreme Court, advising the community through their counsel to approach the Apex court if truly they believed in the local government law they canvassed in their application. While dismissing the application, Justice Adesodun stated that there was no merit in it and awarded the sum of       N250, 000 cost against the Iye-Ekiti community. Reacting to the verdict, counsel to Eda-Oniyo community, Kayode Adetifa commended the court for the ruling, saying the plaintiff ought to have approached the apex court if they have genuine grievances, not a lower court. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!