President Muhammadu Buhari, on Monday, re-assured stakeholders in the judiciary that his government was committed to the justice sector reform. The President gave this assurance at the opening ceremony of 2019 All Nigeria Judges Conference of the superior courts held at the National Judicial Institute (NJI) in Abuja. Buhari observed that the role of judges cannot be overemphasized in a constitutional democracy, saying that his administration was committed to reforming the justice sector in the common interest of Nigerians. He said, “It is our common resolve at the executive arm that the three arms of government work towards achieving a common goal. “In doing this, we strongly support that the judges should be supported in order to enhance their work and reduce the workload.” ALSO READ: Buhari receives UNGA president, warns about non-rehabilitation of IDPs Bayelsa, Kogi polls: Forum of party chairmen indicts PDP,… Buhari receives UNGA president, warns about… BREAKING: UNGA President meets Buhari in Abuja PDP tasks Senators over Lawan’s comment While reminding the judges that economic progress and foreign investment can only be guaranteed in an atmosphere of rule of law and justice, he further charged the judicial arm to maintain their efficiency and uphold a high level of integrity in the discharge of their duties. Also speaking at the occasion, the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Justice Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad, described the theme of the conference as apt, saying that the judiciary has continued to make giant strides in playing its constitutional role, despite burgeoning challenges. Muhammad who tasked judges on the need to make sacrifice added that, “commendably, it is worthy to note, that our judges have remained upright; churning out the best judgment at the election tribunals.” He thereafter assured that the judiciary was committed to the consolidation of the country’s democratic status, assuring that the judiciary remains a partner in the current hard stance against corruption. Earlier in her opening remarks earlier, the Administrator, National Judicial Institute, Justice Rosaline Bozimo, told the audience that since the establishment of the Institute by a Decree in 1991, the Institute has contributed to the enrichment of the judiciary as the third arm of government. She then assured that the NJI would continue to improve participation and drive greater capacity in the judiciary. The conference, with the theme, “Sustaining Democracy Through Effective and Efficient Administration of Justice, had in attendance eminent jurists. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!