A Gudu Grade I Area Court in Abuja, Federal Capital Territory (FCT), has ordered a 22-year-old woman, Aisha Shetima, to meet with her estranged fiancé, on how much money she will return to him, after their wedding failed to hold. Alhaji Shehu Marafa, filed a suit against Aisha Shettima, demanding that she pays back the N500,000  he gave her to plan their wedding, which never held. The judge, Ado Muktar, gave the order after Shehu refused to collect the items Aisha brought to court which she said the used the money to buy. Muktar ordered Mr Aliyu Abubakar, counsel for Aisha to pay Shehu back the money he claimed to have given her for the wedding plan. “Since he has refused to collect the items, you should think of paying him back, ”he said. He also advised both parties to try and settle issues and arrive at the amount collected since Aisha insisted that the money Shehu gave her was not up to N500, 000. The judge further adjourned the case till November 18 and advised the parties to put in more efforts to settle all the issues raised. Tribune@70: A message from our founder, Awo She never loved me; threw her ring at me, walked out of our… My wife has denied me sex for 2 yrs, please separate us… She aborted my pregnancy, sneaked into our  neighbour’s room… I lost two pregnancies after he beat me, my first husband’s… Earlier, Aisha told the court that she bought eight pieces of wrapper. However, Shehu said:”I gave her N200, 000 cash as part of our marriage expenses. “I also transferred N300, 000 to her account, ”he said. Shehu in his testimony said that in February, he went to meet Aisha’s parents in Bauchi and also paid N50, 000 as dowry and gave the parents N20, 000, a basket of kola nuts and a carton of sweets as part of the marriage negotiations. “After the introduction ceremony, we fixed April 27, 2019 for the wedding. “She called me two weeks after the introduction to cancel the wedding because she was no longer interested in our relationship. “Her father returned the N70, 000 which covers the dowry and the gift I gave them during the introduction ceremony, but Aisha refused to return the N500, 000 I gave her,” he alleged.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!