The Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment, Mr. William Alo, has disclosed that social, political, economic and cultural problems have seriously affected the well-being of Nigerian people; while they are also at the root of crime  and criminality bedeviling the country today. Mr. Alo, made this known at a two-day Sensitization Workshop/Training on the Administration of Criminal Justice System in Nigeria. The sensitization was organized by the Legal Services Department of the Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment. According to the permanent secretary, who was represented by the Director-General,  Services Department in the Ministry, Alhaji Sale Ahidjo, every society across the globe has its peculiar problems and challenges and Nigeria is not an exception. He, therefore, urged participants at the workshop to examine the increasing wave of crime in Nigeria and the factors incapacitating the Police and other security agencies in the task of crime prevention and control. Nigerians and the burden of religion ITUC-Africa holds congress in Abuja Orin-Ekiti: How herdsmen destroyed our multi-million naira… Workers demand policies for inclusive growth of chemical… Mr. Alo also requested participants at the workshop to proffer solution on issues pertaining to reasons why the security agencies are inadequately equipped and motivated, coupled with the perennial problems of poverty, unemployment and the breakdown of family values which have made crime prevention and control a difficult task. The Administration of Criminal Justice Act of 2015, he agreed, is the much awaited revolution in the criminal justice arena as “the criminal justice system existing before the coming into force of this Act has lost its capacity to respond quickly to the needs of the society, check the rising waves of crime, speedily bring criminals to book and protect the victims of crime” In her address, the Director, Legal Services in the Ministry, Barr. Mrs. Ijeoma Aruaga said the existence of any society relies on citizens’ ability to both define the parameters of acceptable social behaviour and to ensure adherence to the social contract by establishing consequences that punish violations. On rehabilitation and prison decongestion, she said, it is the belief of the people that prisoners could be reformed into productive, law-abiding citizens if they were given tools such as education, occupational credentials, connections and supportive programs to facilitate successful reintegration into society. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!