A 32-year-old football coach, Leodina Ahamadah, has been remanded in custody for allegedly defiling a nine-year-old boy. The magistrate, Mrs K.O Doja-Ojo of the Lagos State Magistrates Court in Igbosere, remanded the defendant pending legal advice from the Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP). Ahamadah was docked on a one-count charge of defilement preferred against him by the police. The prosecutor, Inspector Peace Chukwudi, told the court that the defendant committed the alleged offence on November 18. She said that the incident took place at Idi- Aba area of Lekki Beach Road, at about 8:00 a.m. The prosecutor said: “Ahamadah, who charges N150 to N200 to coach boys, had approached the victim to join the others in playing football on the day of the incident, but the boy had declined, saying he had no money. ALSO READ: My wife sleeps with my younger brother, man tells court OAU student slumps, dies while playing football Trump finds African woman juggling ball… Body from plane wreckage identified as footballer Sala, UK… Clarion call for sports development in Nigeria “The defendant, however, told him not to worry that he would pay for him to practise and play football for that day. “Instead of taking him to where they play football, the coach took him to his house and defiled him through the anus.” According to her, the offence is punishable under Section 261 of the Criminal Code Law of Lagos State 2015. The plea of the defendant was not taken. Magistrate Doja-Ojo asked the defendant to approach the High Court to seek bail, as the court does not have the jurisdiction to grant bail. She ordered that the case file be duplicated and sent to the DPP for legal advice. The case was adjourned till December 12, for the DPP’s advice. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!