President Muhammadu Buhari has assured that his administration is strongly determined to forge a strong, united nation from the diverse religious and ethnic communities in the country. Receiving the Tijjaniyya Muslim Religious Movement at the State House, Abuja on Monday, he lauded the prevalence of mutual understanding among the followers of the two major religions in the country, Islam and Christianity. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media and Publicity) quoted him as saying: “It is generally said that differences divide people.  We in Nigeria understand that there is no way a misunderstanding can cause division among us. We are one people.” ALSO READ: With extra $250m, NSIA to intensify infrastructure investment ― MD President Buhari told leaders of the delegation, mostly  Senegalese, that the Tijjaniyya religious order was not new to him or to Nigerians, citing specific communities around him who practised its ways and commended them for being orderly, peaceful and constructive. He added: “The requirements of our people, whatever religion they follow, and to whatever ethnic group they belong in Nigeria is the same. We won’t allow religion to split Nigeria ― Buhari FG committed to improving welfare of Nigerians ― Buhari Nigeria attracts $200m FDI in Q3 ― NBS Buhari greets former Minister of External Affairs, Gambari,… ‘‘They need security, education and participation in an inclusive economy. On this, we are being very fair to all Nigerians.” President Buhari welcomed the prayers of the religious group for his wellbeing and for the peace and progress in Nigeria. He urged them to convey his best wishes to President Macky Sall of Senegal, saying: “ I assure you that  I am very close to your President. He addresses me as “BABA.” The leader of the delegation, Sheikh Muhammad Lamin Inyas, son of one of the greatest Muslim religious Leaders in West Africa, Sheikh Ibrahim Inyas said their father brought them up to love and appreciate his large following in Kano and Nigerian cities. “We are part of this country. We have come here to renew ties and the bonds of relationship. This is our reason for the homage,” he said. The delegation prayed for the realisation of best wishes and aspirations of President Buhari, and for unity and solidarity among the universal followers of the religion. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!