The Board of Directors of Access Bank Plc hereby announces that Dr Ernest Ndukwe has indicated his intention not to seek re-election during the Bank’s 2020 Annual General Meeting. Accordingly, he has resigned from the Board effective March 31, 2020, to enable him to focus on his current and additional responsibilities. In a notice to the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) the lender’s board stated that Dr Ndukwe has confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board and there are no issues relating to his resignation that needs to be brought to the attention of the Bank’s shareholders or the regulatory authorities. VIDEO: 59-year-old Maradona denies daughter’s claim he… Foodstuff and Cattle dealers threaten nationwide strike over… Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone… INEC nominee declares loyalty to APC before Senate panel ALSO READ: CBN Governor appears before Senate committee, apologises The Board is identifying the right candidate to fill the resultant vacancy as soon as possible and further announcement will be made in this regard in due course. The Board would like to express its appreciation to Dr Ndukwe for his immense contributions to the Bank these past years Dr Ernest Ndukwe is an Electrical/Electronics Engineer with over three decades of experience in the telecoms industry. He was the Managing Director of General Telecoms between 1989 and 2000 and Executive Vice-Chairman of Nigerian Communications Commission between 2000 and 2010. He previously served on the Presidential Committee on Job creation. He joined the Board of Access Bank in December 2012 as an Independent Director. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.