The Legal Defence and Assistant Project. (LEDAP) has on Tuesday, asked a Federal High Court in Abuja, challenging the composition of the Management of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). The plaintiffs in the suit are : Iruo Onoruvwe, Anatole Osuji, Walter Avered and LEDAP. Also joined as defendants are: Minister of Nigeria Delta Affairs, The NDDC, Dr JOI Nunnieh, Dr Cairo Ojougboh. and Chief Ibanga Bassey. The Plaintiff through their lawyer, Dr Chino Obiagwu, SAN, prays the court for a declaration, that the appointment of a three-man-interim Management committee for the NDDC consisting of the third to the fifth defendant is contrary to the NDDC Establishment Act 2000 ALSO READ: Anambra Govt. hosts first set of NYSC members at permanent orientation camp He is seeking a declaration that the appointment of the third to the fifth defendant as acting Managing Director, Executive Director of Project, and Executive Director Finance and Administration respectively, is contrary to the provisions of the NDDC Establishment Act. Cattle Dealers kick over multiple taxation, harassment Kwara customs generates N1.27b, seized goods worth N25.4m in… N14bn NEPZA diverted funds to NSEZCO still with CBN ― Trade… Our 2020 budget, renewal of hope ― Bauchi commissioner According to him, the Act provides that such appointment shall be by the President and Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces, subject to confirmation by the Senate and House of Representatives. Plaintiff avers that by virtue of the NDDC Establishment Act 2000, the Managing Director of the Commission performs his function under the general direction of the Board of the NDDC. Plaintiff, therefore, wants an order, nullifying the purported appointment of the third to the fifth defendant in their capacities. He wants order, restraining the second defendant from handing over or allowing the third to fifth defendant perform the aforementioned roles. Plaintiff also wants an order restraining the first defendant from interfering in the management of the NDDC in a manner that contravenes the provisions of the Establishment Act. No date has been fixed for hearing of the new suit. NAN. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.