In its determination to ensure that all its project were executed according to specifications, Bauchi State Ministry of Budget and Economic Planning is to partner with Center for Information Technology and Development (CITAD) to ensure the use of technology for monitoring and compliance. The disclosure was made by the Commissioner in charge of the Ministry, Dr Aminu Hassan Gamawa when he hosted officials of the Centre who paid him a courtesy visit in his office on Wednesday. The Commissioner said that working in a synergy between the two bodies will boost citizens’ participation in the budget process, monitoring of project using digital technology, designing ICT policy and assessing the ICT capability for the staff of the Ministry. ALSO READ: Border closure: 77 days after, foreign rice still flood Sokoto market 13 people including two children die in Lagos-Ibadan… BREAKING: Lagos PDP elects new executive despite restraining… Reps wade into lingering management crisis rocking NDDC Kwara holds open bid for construction of 26 urban roads Aminu Gamawa further said that with the support of CITAD, the Ministry of Budget and Economic Planning will sensitise communities on the need to take ownership of public projects in their communities, and other initiatives that may come up in the process. He pointed out that, “I am fully aware of what CITAD is doing in improving ICTs skills and in improving transparency and accountability in the country, therefore we will leverage that and partner with you to make progress. The most important thing is to get a starting point which will open other windows of initiative and partnership”. On his part,  the leader of the team, who is the Acting Programmes Coordinator of CITAD, Malam Isah Garba said that they were at the Commissioner’s office to seek partnership with the Ministry which is the entry point of all development partners. He said that CITAD and the ministry would work together to improve accountability in the budgetary process and public service in the ministry as contained in a statement by Muslim Lawal, Personal Assistant on Media to the Commissioner. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!