A former employee of the Ayete Microfinance Bank Limited, Oyo State, Sunday Fadayomi, was on Friday, sentenced to six years in prison without an option of fine for stealing a total of sum of N11million from the bank’s vault while working as staff. The presiding judge, Justice Mohammed Owolabi of the Oyo State High Court pronounced Fadayomi guilty in all the 30 counts of a criminal charge filed against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibadan zonal office. This was made known in a statement issued by the EFCC spokesperson, Wilson Uwujaren, on Friday. The convict, is an information system expert in charge of the bank’s information technology section, a position he held for about 10 years before his criminal exploits were blown open. According to Uwujaren, the “bank, in a petition dated April 17, 2018, had accused him of sundry criminal activities including posting money to customers’ accounts without tellers, posting cash deposit at weekend when the bank was not opened for operation, accessing loans without intention to pay and using proxy accounts to commit fraud, among others.” ALSO READ: Bayelsa community protest as Shell allegedly slashes Trans Ramos oil spill compensation Yuletide: FG begins free train ride from Lagos to Ibadan Obesere, Eedris Abdulkareem, Artquake set for Naija… Specialist recommends inclusive education for visually… Expect unprecedented developments in Ogbomoso ― Community… Uwujaren added further that “after firming up its series of investigations into the allegations, the EFCC arraigned him on the 30-count charge on May 17, 2018. “Fadayomi, however, pleaded not guilty to all the charges which border on stealing and contrary to Section 390 (6)(9) Criminal Code of Cap 38, Vol. 2 Laws of Oyo State, 2000. His plea led to a full trial which came to a halt on Friday.” The EFCC was represented in the case by Ifeanyi Agwu and Oyelakin Oyediran. After considering arguments by the prosecution and defence lawyers, Justice Owolabi held that the EFCC lawyers convinced the court that that accused indeed committed the offence with which he was charged. He found him guilty in all the 30 charges and sentenced him to six years imprisonment without an option of fine. He also ordered that the convict restitutes a sum of N11,000,000 to the bank. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!