Vice President, Yemi Osinbanjo, on Tuesday, in Osogbo, said Nigeria as a nation can only attain prosperity by making right and effective economic decisions, saying the federal government under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari had taken critical steps to redirect the economy of the country towards sustainability and prosperity. Osinbajo made this disclosure while speaking at the Osun Economic and Development Summit, tagged: “Pathway to Economic Growth and Prosperity for the State of Osun”. Represented by his Senior Special Assistant on Ease of Doing Business, Dr Jumoke Oluwole, he maintained that the Osun state government must explore an array of economic potentials in the state,  most especially in mining and tourism sectors. Addressing participants at the economic summit, Osun state governor, Mr  Gboyega Oyetola observed that the agrarian nature of the state makes it a suitable entity four massive agricultural investment. According to him: “Agriculture is Osun’s biggest sector. Osun is blessed with the right conditions for multi-crop cultivation and suitable for agriculture investment. Unknown persons stabbed octogenarian to death in Osun #BayelsaDecides: Gov Oyetola congratulates Lyon, APC Tribune@70: Oyetola felicitates management, commends… Reps endorse proposed establishment of Federal College of… ALSO READ: NASS: N1tn spent on constituency projects in 10 years without results ― Buhari ”Being largely an agrarian economy with fertile and expansive landmass, we are your most-suitable location for agricultural investment.” Commenting on mining, Oyetola contended that the state is blessed with a variety of minerals resources such as gold, lead/zinc, quartz, feldspar and precious metals, which were yet to be fully explored. He stated: “We occupy a unique place in the mining sector in Nigeria. We are a mining state that hosts solid minerals. We are also a state that has invested in acquiring the licenses for solid minerals under our land from the federal government. No other state in Nigeria can offer a unique combination of both regulatory and commercial fusion.” In his remark, the Minister of Youths and Sports  Development, Mr Sunday Dare, who is one of the panellists, noted that with 67 million youths in Nigeria, the youths are the most vibrant factor of production. He, however, attributed a lack of technical skills to the inability to take advantage of many employment opportunities, especially in the Information and Communication Technology (ICT). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!