Chieftains of All Progressives Congress (APC) in the United States have condemned any plan to ridicule Vice President Yemi Osinbajo by some people in the country, expressing worries by the developments in the presidency. The APC leaders, including Dr Baba Adam, former US leader of Pro National Conference Organisations, PRONACO and a renowned US judge and APC leader, Dele Alade, while throwing their weight behind Osinbajo’s for remaining focused, committed and loyal in spite of the attempts to distract him, said the major achievements of the President Muhammadu Buhari administration would have been impossible without the vice president. Dr Baba Adam, in a statement made available to newsmen in Lagos, said the contributions of the vice president should be applauded and not condemned at this crucial time. ALSO READ: Alleged corruption: Judge threatens to strike out suit EFCC case against Diezani 11-year-old kidnapped in Kano, sold at Onitsha for N200,000… Anti-hate Speech Bill: Atiku warns of disastrous… Human capital development: Bauchi seeks World Bank… Cleric to Nigerians: Banish thought that no godly person can… According to the APC chieftain, the best and most prominent of Buhari’s administration are pro-people policies and programs supervised and monitored by Osinbajo. “This is just a reminder that the clock cannot be turned back. The very best of this administration’s initiatives be it Homegrown School Feeding Program, N-Power, GEEP Programs, Niger-Delta Peace initiatives, Energizing Education and Market Initiatives, etc came out of the Office of the Vice President and not at the President’s Office or the Ministries, Department and Agencies,” he said. Alade, in his remark, said politicians should leave both the president and vice president out of their games to enable them to focus on governance, declaring that any humiliation of the Osinbajo or the APC National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu or other leaders would not be acceptable. “Any humiliation of the VP or Asiwaju Tinubu or other leaders will not be acceptable. All these shenanigans are because of 2023,” he said. Alade, however, warned a South-West governor, who he did not name, to be very careful as Vice President Osinbajo had done a great job. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!