The Association of Resident Doctors (ARD) has issued a 21-day strike notice to Kaduna State Government to implement agreements it reached with the association two years ago. The President of the association, Dr Emmanuel Joseph said at a press briefing, on Thursday, in Kaduna that the strike notice was issued on November 6. He said that the medical doctors would resume their suspended strike if after the ultimatum the government failed to implement the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) it signed with the association. “The MOU set out mutually agreed roadmap with timeline towards resolving the issues and provided the basis for suspension of the strike action two years ago,” he said. Joseph noted that since the agreement, the ARD has patiently and painstakingly continued to engage the government for the implementation of the agreed terms. CNN’s African Voices Changemakers meets Tony Elumelu Adeyeye’s ouster, part of sacrifice for… Balogun Market fire: LASEMA begins enumeration of affected… Olujimi: appeal court verdict victory for all PDP members in… ALSO READ: Balogun Market fire: LASEMA begins enumeration of affected traders, losses He, however, said the association was “rudely shocked by the content of the establishment circular of the 27th September 2019, which is in breach to our MOU and indeed short changes Doctors in salaries and allowances to the tune 26-49 per cent across grades and steps.” According to the ARD president, the Kaduna state government has only “partially” attended to only two out of eight issues contained in the MOU after two years of the agreement. “It is our earnest hope that the 21 days given will provide ample time for the government to rectify the anomalies in the new circular, to keep with the terms of our MOU and to meet up with other mutual terms of the MOU,” Joseph said. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.