THE Deputy Director, Public Communications of the Kogi State Peoples Democratic Party Campaign Council, Usman Austin, on Saturday, raised the alarm that two young men who dressed in the uniform of officials of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defense Corps have been apprehended in Ayingba Dekina Local Government Area by the people. In an interview with the correspondent, he stated that the suspects were later handed over to the police. He also said that electoral materials in Odu 1 and 2 wards and Community High School in Ayingba, had been hijacked by thugs. ALSO READ: #KogiDecides2019: Bello commends INEC as he casts his vote He explained that the thugs came in a Gulf vehicle. He added that “Two boys who dressed in fake civil defense attire were apprehended by the people. The police took them in the area commander at Ayingba. Restructuring: Fashola fears `Brexit experience’ for Nigeria NAF chopper crash: Reps summon Chief of Air Staff Kano ‘chip whip’: DSS, FRSC burst fake number… #KogiDecides2019 process peaceful so far ― Wada, PDP… “In Community High School, Ayingba, the voting materials have been hijacked by the thugs. Some people came in with Gulf, stole the election materials and ran away. “In Ward 1 and 2 of Odu, the election materials had been hijacked by the thugs.” In St. Peters’ primary school polling unit in Felele, Lokoja local government council, some hoodlums invaded the venue and disrupted the election while the security men in the polling unit could not do anything. It was also discovered that some INEC officials did not arrive most of the polling unit not until about 8.30 am before they commenced accreditation of voters. Also in Crowther Memorial College in Lokoja, voters arrived polling stations at about 7 am to cast their votes. Officials of INEC arrived on time for the process without any problem. At Oke ibukun ward, unit 003, Kabba Bunu local government council, an unregistered person were allowed to vote and aided by INEC official. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!