KANO State Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje has told the National Youths Service Corps (NYSC), Kano State chapter, that his government is well aware of the myriad of challenges facing the body. Some of which are the deplorable road leading to the camp, completion of the general renovation of the orientation camp and upgrade of camp capacity from the present 2,500 to 5,000 capacity. This is just as the state coordinator of NYSC, Alhaji Ladan Baba, disclosed that a total number of 1,945 corps members were registered, with a total number of 967 males and 968 females. Speaking on behalf of the governor, the state Commissioner of Youths and Sports, Alhaji Kabir Lado Lakwaya, during the swearing-in ceremony of the 2019 batch “C” stream “1” orientation course held at the NYSC permanent orientation camp ,Kusala dam, Karaye, Kano State, said the government would look positively in the processes and practices to ensure they were tackle favourably. ALSO READ: NYSC, beacon of hope ― Makinde Ganduje noted that the state government recognised the contribution of youth corps members and we are not unaware of the operational challenges that the scheme is facing in the state. YCE condemns military’s operation positive… Appeal Court Verdict: Fayemi Congratulates Olujimi, says… Enugu Airport: FG has mobilized contractor to site ―… Ganduje presents N197bn 2020 budget proposal to Kano… His words, “Our administration is working with relevant ministries in the state to resolve all the challenges in no distant time. For emphasis, let me again unveil our government commitment to redefining the delivery of quality education that would ultimately result at building sustainable education opportunities as a key driver for socio-economic development in the state through a partnership with various stakeholders. Alhaji Ladan Baba, the state coordinator of NYSC,  however, urged corps members to feel at home were in the state. He then disclosed that the Kano camp has been selected for training on financial inclusion and participation in e-learning programme, basic life support techniques Alhaji Baba also advised them to learn most of the skill of acquisition within the camp, noting that with the success they might have been recorded during the training, it can afford not to be a job seeker but job providers. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.