Lagos State government said it has approved the procurement of tablets for all primary school teachers in the state in order to aid understanding and improve their teaching skills. The state deputy governor, Dr Obafemi Hamzat, disclosed this on Thursday while speaking at the commissioning of St. Mary Model Nursery/Primary School, Fr. Sadiku Memorial Nursery/Primary School, Oba Abdul-Fatai Aromire Library and ICT Centre and some sporting facilities in the Ajeromi Ifelodun Local Government Area of the state. According to him, the tablets would also help to geo-reference teachers (helping to know when they are in class or not), disclosing further that the state government had approved the recruitment of 1,000 primary school teachers. This was just as he hinted that the education sector’s allocation in the coming year’s budget would reflect the Babajide Sanwo-Olu administration’s commitment to improving learning environment as well as the standard of education in the state. Hamzat, while maintaining that children needed to be educated in good environments if the standard of education would improve, contended that education was important and fundamental to the development of Lagos State. Kogi/Bayelsa guber: Cancel polling units involved in… AEDC denies alleged case of vandalism, theft of NIPP… INEC reiterates commitment to fair, credible elections in… Reps blast Fashola over comment on Nigerian roads ALSO READ: Nigeria Army to court-martial 70 soldiers in North East “What is important for us is education and it is fundamental to the development of the state, you will see a big increase in the education budget. “Education is one of the most important things we must do as a society, we cannot afford to have functional illiterates, it is essential to have children that are well educated in a good environment. I thank the chairman of this local government for taking this initiative,” the deputy governor said. He, therefore, commended the entire management of the Council for the initiative and called on all to take possession of the commissioned facilities and ensure that they were kept for posterity. Executive Chairman, Ajeromi Ifelodun Local Government Area, Hon. Fatai Adekunle Ayoola stressed that his administration was resolve to provide  a comfortable learning environment for the kids in the area and therefore, its passion for the process of development among adolescents. He emphasized his continued commitment towards transforming communities in the local government as part of a greater Lagos. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.