The Commissioner of Police in Zamfara, Mr Usman Nagogo, has said that his command has recovered a Toyota Hilux van belonging to the National Directorate of Employment (NDE) in the state. Nagogo, who disclosed this, on Wednesday, said the vehicle was taken at gunpoint from the state coordinator of the directorate in Gusau. He explained that personnel of the command in partnership with other Nigerien security tracked a syndicate that specialized in vehicle theft which they sold to their contact in parts of Niger Republic. According to him, during the operations which were carried out in October, three other vehicles were recovered in Niger Republic. He added that the vehicles had been returned to Gusau for their rightful owners to come with their evidence of ownership for collection. ALSO READ: FG cautions drivers against indiscriminate parking on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway Olore “torture centre” not approved by govt as correctional… Revenue generation: N7.5% increase tax bill scales second… Makinde has not fulfilled promises he made to me ― Lanlehin FG cautions drivers against indiscriminate parking on… He said the gang members, who already confessed to their crimes, included Mohammed Dahiru, Abubakar Ahmed, Sani Garba, Samaila Abubakar and Abubakar Ibrahim. The commissioner said the investigations took the police team to Suleja in Niger state and Niger Republic where the other three vehicles were recovered. He said several other items including generator, sewing machine and different types and brands of electronics as well as a mark rout pistol were also recovered from the criminals. He said the gang members also specialized in raping female members of their victims. He promised to charge all the suspects to court after the conclusion of investigations. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.