Metro Africa Express,  otherwise known as Max.ng, has partnered Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) to create value for participants at the 2019 Lagos International Trade Fair as the official Okada ride partner. This was disclosed in a release by the CEO and Co-founder of Max.ng, Mr Adetayo Bamiduro and made available to the  Tribune Online on Saturday. Bamiduro said the International Trade Fair is the largest in Nigeria, which is a spectacular 10-day event and it usually begins on the first Friday in November each year since it started in 1981. He further said that the fair has grown to become the leading forum for trade and business promotion in Nigeria and Africa in general. According to him, “MAXOkada is more than Moto-taxi company. It is a symbol of a cosmopolitan way of life, a life of options and opportunities. We believe that people deserve to have a choice of safe, smart and convenient way to move around the city. Makinde calls for religious harmony, tolerance as Muslims… Border closure should last for more than 2 years ― Hon… Cattle trader arrested for defiling 10-year-old girl in Ondo Bullion vans: APC youths kick against call for EFCC’s… ALSO READ: Lalong signs MoU with Kenya govt to establish tea processing factory in Plateau “MAXOkada will be presenting both participants and visitors a unique opportunity to enjoy the much-touted MAXOkada experience. Enjoy 33 per cent of all trips to and fro the trade fair venue during the duration of the fair. “Our presence at the trade fair is an opportunity for those who interested in becoming champions to have a proper conversation with some members of the MAX team, who will be on the ground at the fair.” Bamiduro enjoined participating patrons to maximise the opportunities that would be presented to them by the company. Speaking on the partnership the Chairman, Trade, Promotion Board of LCCI, Gabriel Idahosa said, the LCCI and Max.ng have partnered to give exciting services to visitors and exhibitors at the fair, adding that Max.ng is almost everywhere to offer a unique service to the delight of visitors and exhibitors during the fair.” According to Idahosa, 40,000 square meters of exhibition spaces are available with over 2,000 exhibitors from 16 African countries and 200 foreign exhibitors expected in Lagos. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.