No fewer than 7,453 students of Nasarawa state origin studying in various tertiary institutions in Nigeria have benefited from the over N93 million bursary approved by Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa. Mr Danlami Ikpobose, the Executive Secretary of the state’s scholarship board disclosed this to newsmen on Tuesday in Lafia. Ikpobose explained that the beneficiaries were among the over 14,000 students screened in 2016, but could not access the bursary due to paucity of fund. ALSO READNuclear safety: Agency charges radiation officers in oil and gas sector on compliance According to him, the governor recently approved the sum of N93.5 million for disbursement to ameliorate the plight of the students and complement the effort of their parents and guardians. He commended the governor for his commitment to the welfare of students and the approval of the bursary. Cattle Dealers kick over multiple taxation, harassment Kwara customs generates N1.27b, seized goods worth N25.4m in… N14bn NEPZA diverted funds to NSEZCO still with CBN ― Trade… Our 2020 budget, renewal of hope ― Bauchi commissioner Ikpobose explained that medical and pharmacy students got N60,000 each while students at the Nigeria Law School received N100,000 each. He also said that students studying education-related courses in the universities were paid N50,000 to engender interest in teaching. The executive secretary, however, appealed to the state government for additional funds to enable the board to pay the outstanding 7,006 students from the 2016 screening exercise. He also sought the government’s approval for the commencement of screening exercise for fresh beneficiaries in view of the fact that the last exercise was in 2016. Ikpobose said the state government was working out modalities to sponsor students for medical and engineering studies abroad. According to him, the move is geared towards developing human capital for the actualisation of Sule’s vision to transform the state. NAN. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.