The governor of Oyo State, Seyi Makinde and his Sokoto State counterpart, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal are among the many dignitaries that will grace the annual national conference of the Nigeria Union of Pensioners (NUP), holding in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital from Tuesday next week. The governors and other experts, which include the Minister of Labour an Employment, Sen. Chris Ngige, the Director General, National Pension Commission (PenCom), Hajia Aisha Dahir-Umar, the Executive Secretary, Pension Transitional Arrangement Directorate (PTAD), Dr. Chioma Ejikeme, the Chairman National Salaries, Income and Wages Commission, Ekpo Nta, will converge on the Oyo State capital city to look at the “fate of the elderly in a developing economy,” like Nigeria. Border closure: How smugglers created over 100 illegal routes to beat Customs in the North President of NUP, Dr. Abel Afolayan, said all the chairmen and secretaries of the union in the 36 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory  (FCT) will be at the meeting where they would also want to know what the government is doing on the plight of pensioners and especially the issue of minimum pension with the recent increase in the national minimum wage. Dr. Afolayan also demanded for N30,000 minimum pension, saying that their concern now is what would happen with pensioners after the agreement reached between the Federal Government and organised Labour on the N30,000 national minimum wage and its consequential adjustment. The NUP President said: “We have been part of the negotiations for minimum wage and minimum pension. We are affiliate of NLC, and we are bold to say we are one of the strong affiliates of the NLC. We are part of the tripartite Committee and we submitted memorandum when negotiations were going on. The NLC carried us along. “Labour initially asked for N65,000 monthly when it started and we asked for N40,000 pension. Labour eventually came to N30,000, then we say what is good for the goose is good for the gender. We buy same goods, buy from same market. Therefore, we also requested for N30,000 national minimum pension.” He Commended the Federal Government and the organized Labour for coming into agreement for N30,000 minimum wage and the consequential adjustment from level 07 to 17, adding, “we appreciate that and the organized Labour was appreciative. “Our concern is what happen now with pensioners. We want to know how our own will be worked out.”  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!