The Oyo State government has warned the “breakaway faction” of the butchers’ association in the state to desist from operating outside the central abattoir, in Akinyele local government area, or risk being sanctioned. State Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, Mr Ojemuyiwa Ojekunle, who sounded this warning while addressing butchers and other Agric stakeholders, bemoaned that the breakaway faction called “Active Butchers” had continued to rebuff government directives on the need for the proper regulation of the butchers’ association. Speaking at the state secretariat, Ibadan, Ojemuyiwa decried that noncompliance by the faction adversely affected the government’s intention to get the data of market operators and block all financial leakages emanating from saboteurs. Aside from gathering data, Ojemuyiwa said its call for all butchers to move to the central location was to ensure that meat is produced in the most hygienic condition. While noting that the state government was being compelled to implement sanctions against erring meat operators, he urged the breakaway faction to be willing to bring their grievances to the government’s table for resolution. ALSO READ: Air Peace signs firm order for $212.6million Embraer jets NIPOST revenue loss: Reps express concern, summon CBN,… Blackout looms as GenCos threatens shutdown over alleged… CBN injects $341.75m, ¥14.7m into retail forex market NAQS laments loss of $80m on hibiscus export within two… Recognising the high spread of food vendors and subscription of residents to such vendors, Ojemuyiwa said the state government had to prioritize the health of residents through what they consume and prevent an epidemic. He particularly urged the butchers, across factions, to remain calm, law-abiding and be committed to becoming united in their meat operations. Meanwhile, Senior Special Assistant to Governor Seyi Makinde on Sustainable Development Goals, Mr Kunle Yusuff, has asserted that commitment of the current administration towards the implementation of SDGs in the state. According to Yusuff, this is evident in the state government making Health, Security, Education and the Economy the core of its programmes and policies. Mr Kunle Yusuff who stated this during a familarization meeting with SDG Desk Officers across Ministries, Departments and Agencies, said investment in its four point agenda will go a long way to enhance citizens’ and residents’ standard of living. He added that it was imperative for heads of MDAs to, in their programmes of action, embrace the SDGs for the state to achieve the desired sustainable development. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!