Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger state has urged the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to investigate alleged diversion of Islamic Development Bank (IDB) 181 million dollar loan by the State Government. Bello made the call at the flag-off of All Progressives Congress (APC) campaign ahead of Local Government poll in the state at the Justice Idris Legbo Kutigi International Conference Hall in Minna, on Wednesday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that former Gov. Babangida Aliyu had in October accused the governor of embezzling the loan meant for the construction of Minna-Bida dual carriageway. “The IBD loan has not been released yet, therefore, I am inviting the EFCC to come and investigate the allegation. “When we assumed office, we didn’t meet any money like that in the handover notes and we have not seen any bank that has received such money. “But since someone said the money was paid, we will have to investigate to know who received the money,” he said. ALSO READ: Lagos fire: Be more proactive, ADP tells FG Police recover NDE stolen vehicle in Niger Republic Olore “torture centre” not approved by govt as correctional… Revenue generation: N7.5% increase tax bill scales second… Makinde has not fulfilled promises he made to me ― Lanlehin Bello denied receiving the money and called on the EFCC to investigate the matter. He threatened to take legal action against those accusing him of diverting the money if the allegation turned out to be false. He called on them to provide evidence to the government to enable the EFCC to carry out its investigation. He explained that the last administration started the process for the loan by appointing a consultant to provide the road design, but failed to pay the consultancy fee before leaving the office. “As I am talking to you, the IDB is still expecting us to provide environmental impact access and we are still working on it and the board of the bank is yet to meet before releasing the money,” he added. Bello, however, called on the people of the state to come out en masse and vote for candidates of their choice during the LG poll. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.