No fewer than 10 Nigerian soldiers have been killed and nine severely injured in an ambush by suspected Boko Haram fighters in Borno State, military sources said. The military officers were said to be ambushed on Thursday on their way to combat the rebellious Islamic sect. “We lost 10 troops in the intense fighting with the terrorists who ambushed our soldiers conducting a clearance operation in the area,” said the officer, who spoke in anonymity. “Nine soldiers were injured and 12 are still missing,” he added The dreaded Islamic set has killed 35,000 people, displaced about two million others who have split into neighbouring countries. ALSO READ: INEC moves to boost women participation in Kogi governorship poll The troops came under attack while returning to their base in Damboa, 88 kilometres (55 miles) from the state capital Maiduguri, said a second military officer who gave the same casualty toll. World Bank, AFDB and others should begin to look at human… OML 11: Wike assures protection of interest of host… Military hands over 86 Boko Haram members to Borno govt for… Resident doctors issue 21-day strike notice to Kaduna govt The area of the attack is on the edge of the Sambisa Forest which is a stronghold of the Boko Haram faction led by long-time leader Abubakar Shekau. Soldiers were forced to withdraw after an hour-long battle in which nine Boko haram insurgents were also killed, said the second source. The militants burnt five military vehicles and took away a pickup truck along with six machine guns. Troops destroyed one jihadist truck and recovered three Kalashnikov rifles, he said. Boko Haram has splintered into two major factions: one loyal to Shekau and the other aligned to the Islamic State group. There has been a lull in attacks on troops from the jihadist factions in recent weeks as the military has intensified operations against the fighters. Attacks on Nigerian troops had increased since June last year, with most of the deadly assaults blamed on or claimed by the Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP) faction. ISWAP split from Boko Haram in 2016 and focuses on attacking military targets while Boko Haram is notorious for attacks on civilians. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.