Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello has issued a 14-day ultimatum to police and the management of Kogi State University (KSU) to fish out participants in the recent cult mayhem which engulfed the institution this week leading to the deaths of five suspected cultists. The governor condemned in its entirety the scourge of campus cultism and the killing of humans, especially students, under any guise whatsoever. Preliminary reports have suggested that the killings were orchestrated by cult clashes in the institution. Five persons, three in 200L, a 300L and a final year student have been killed. ALSO READ: Ibadan ‘torture centre’: How police, social workers busted Olore camp 15 years ago — NGO In a statement released by his Chief Press Secretary, Onogwu Muhammed on Tuesday, the Governor decried the incident. ”It is barbaric and unacceptable; we will not handle this madness with kid gloves any more. If a student turns himself into a danger to others in the learning environment, we owe the law-abiding ones and their families the duty of removing such a disruptive individual, and we will do just that.” Ibadan ‘torture centre’: How police, social workers busted… Anambra SEMA raises alarm over second rise of River Niger in… FG develops 1-year basic education curriculum for… Villa security beats up journalist for snapping pictures The Governor then directed the University management and the police to unravel the identities of all the perpetrators of such dastardly act immediately. ”We have said it over and again that the Kogi State Government under my leadership will not condone acts of violence and criminality under any form or guise. ”This administration has invested heavily in the state’s security architecture so as to ensure the safety of lives and property of the people. Life is too precious to be wasted on petty squabbles by children who are yet to face the world. We will no longer tolerate such under any guise at all. Governor Bello then directed the management of KSU to cooperate with the police while enjoining students and the entire university community to volunteer any useful information to assist speedy apprehension of the cultists. He regretted the deaths while calling on parents and guardians to pay closer attention to the activities and behaviour of their wards. Governor Bello reaffirmed the commitment of his administration to ensure the safety of lives and property of all residents of the state before, during and after the November 16 governorship election. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.