It was excitements and fond memories, in Rivers State as  curtains were drawn on the walk-for-the-heart engagement activity, the annual Power Oil WalkHeartOn initiative, in Rivers State, recently. The Power Oil WalkheartOn 4.0 which officially kicked off exactly five Saturdays, in Lagos State at the National Stadium Surulere, was later taken round the cities of Ibadan, (Obafemi Awolowo Stadium, Liberty/ Ring Road),  Benin (National Museum Ground, Ring Road, Benin City), Enugu (Nnamdi Azikiwe Stadium, Ogui, respectively, before it was concluded in Port Harcourt at (Yakubu Gowon Stadium, Elekahia. According to the company, the annual heart health awareness walk  is designed to promote a healthy lifestyle and remind Nigerians of the benefits of a daily fitness routine. It is aimed at encouraging Nigerians to walk at least 30 mins every day to keep fit and stay healthy. The 5 kilometres walk in Port-Harcourt recorded a huge turnout as it kicked off from the Yakubu Gowon Stadium, Elekahia inwards Stadium Road towards Market Junction and back to the Stadium. The Brand Manager, Power Oil, Miss. Prerna Parthre who was also part of the fitness walk, expressed delight at the turnout of residents of Port Harcourt, describing the turnout as surpassing all  expectations, as people came out in thousands to join the healthy walk. Senate mulls amendment to hate speech bill Abideen Olasupo: Unlocking clean energy for Africans We’ll soon witness lots of M&As in the nation’s… FoodCo unfolds 37th anniversary plans The comedians and Guest Artists who put up great performances equally took active parts in leading the walk to encourage and demonstrate to the public the importance of leading a healthy lifestyle by taking a healthy walk for a healthy heart. “Participation so far on this edition has been remarkable across all the five states where the activity had been held. It is delightful to announce the successful completion of the Power Oil WalkheartOn 4. and the advice is for Nigerians to keep the fitness and healthy living flying which is the whole objective of the initiative. Mr. Kingsley Orufus, a participant considered the initiative a worthy one as it encourages everyone especially the youths to imbibe the culture of exercising, in line with the vision of the state. He further commended the brand for the laudable initiative of encouraging healthy living amongst Nigerians Power Oil health camps were also available to all, offering free basic medical checks for participants to ascertain their health statuses, including blood pressure, BMI and general medical consultation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!