THERE was heightened tension in Sabo area of Ile-Ife, Osun State on Friday  as a result of the death of two men at a mining site located in Aruwa village, Osu, in Atakumosa Local Government Area of the state. Security sources informed Saturday Tribune that the clash in Aruwa village, which occurred on Thursday allegedly resulted in the death of two persons. One of the sources told our correspondent that the scuffle at the mining site in Aruwa involved some labourers, leading to the death of a Northerner and a Yoruba man. UPDATED: Identity of sacked Osinbajo’s aides revealed No one is too powerful for me to control — Buhari Buhari secretly pursuing third term agenda —Falana Human trafficking:  64 rescued in Mali Kogi/Bayelsa guber: Cancel polling units involved  in… However, in a bid to nip in the bud imminent reprisal attacks, a large number of security operatives were deployed to Sabo in Ile-Ife, an area inhabited by mostly Northerners. But, sporadic gunshots, which rented the air in Sabo on Friday, caused panic as many traders hurriedly closed their shops, just as schools in the area quickly released their pupils to avoid being trapped in any anticipated chaos. Speaking to our correspondent on the development, one of the residents in Sabo identified as Shuaib Adesokan, explained that gunshots were released into the air by the security operatives deployed to the area. When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of Osun State Police command,  Mrs Folasade Odoro, said “Commissioner of Police has deployed men to the area. The situation is under control. No panic please.”  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.