The House of Representatives’ Committee on Ethics and Privileges will next Wednesday flag-off its investigation into the allegations levelled against four Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) members over alleged breach of the House rules. They are: PDP Caucus Leader, Hon. Kingsley Chinda; PDP Caucus Deputy Leader, Hon. Chukwuma Onyeama; PDP Caucus Whip, Hon. Mohammed Barde and PDP Caucus Deputy Whip, Hon. Muraina Ajibola, respectively. The House via a resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion on ‘Breach of Legislative Privilege’, sponsored by Hon. Ben Igbakpa, who accused the four lawmakers of breaching section 60 of the 1999 Constitution (as amended) which empowered the House to regulate its own procedure as well as House Standing Order 1 (1 & 2). Going by the resolution passed by the House during the Wednesday plenary session which was presided over by the Deputy Speaker, Hon. Idris Wase, the affected lawmakers to appear before the House Committee on Ethics and Privileges to explained their roles in the allegations. In his lead debate, Hon. Igbakpa said: “it is common knowledge that on July 3, 2019, the Honourable Speaker, in line with Order 7 Rule 8 of the Standing Orders of the House of Representatives (which empowers the Minority Parties to nominate their leaders), announced the Minority Leaders of the House. This was consequently published in the Votes and Proceedings of the same date. El-Rufai’s apology: APC admission of Bello’s failure ― PDP How TB Joshua brokered peace in South Sudan, Tanzania Busola Dakolo to appeal case after court dismisses suit… Southwest development bill scales first reading ALSO READ: Reps task FG on resuscitation of abandoned coal facilities “In spite of this Mr Speaker, some members of this House, Hon. Kingsley Chinda, Hon. Chukwuma Onyema, Hon. Umar Barde and Hon. Muraina Ajibola parading themselves as PDP caucus leader, Deputy Caucus Leader, Minority Whip and Deputy Minority Whip have been issuing public statements outside the nomenclature of this House; misleading the general public and causing confusion and disaffection in the House of Representatives. “This is a gross abuse of our collective and individual privileges,” he informed the House. According to him, the action of the four lawmakers “violates Section 24, Legislative Houses (Powers and Privileges) Act, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004 as well as extant provisions of the Standing Orders of this House.” To this end, Hon Igbakpa urged the House to “investigate this and bring the perpetrators to book.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!