No less than 400 market men and women and people in Molete community had benefited from a free medical outreach by the Public Health nurses of the University College Hospital, Ibadan, in marking the hospital’s 62nd anniversary. The medical outreach offered free drugs, including free medical consultations, HIV testing, eye test, blood sugar and pressure checks. Mrs Fasilat Bamigbade, public health nurse, asked that they limit their intake of sweetened soft drinks and processed foods due to its bad effects on the body. Bamigbade urged them to regularly have blood sugar and pressure checks, warned against the use of Akape, a mixture of painkillers, antibiotics and other drugs, patronised by many people after a hard day’s work. Mrs Ganiyat Opegbami asked that they practise safe sex and have regular HIV tests. According to her, “HIV is no longer a death sentence provided you take your HIV medications and eat well.” Mrs Toyin Adeleke, another public health nurse, asked that the women avoid self-medication and use of breastmilk, acid water, urine and honey to treat eye infections. Senator Ubah calls for sustainable peace in Anambra… Support Nigeria culture, tradition to promote peace ―… Why Nigerians should no longer travel abroad for orthopaedic… IYC urges Lyon to include opposition in his govt According to her, “eye care starts from pregnancy. After delivery, immunisation is also part of measures to prevent eye problem.” She also warned parents to be mindful of how they beat children and children playing with rubber bands to prevent accidental eye injury. Head of Public Health Department, Mrs Iyabode Ogundele, speaking through Mrs Modupe Abiola stated that individuals requiring further treatment will be referred to UCH. According to her, the outreach is also to allay the fears of people on coming to UCH, Ibadan for treatment as well as support people seeking treatment at the hospital. Responding, Iyaloja of the market association, Mrs Monilola Ajagbe, said the market association, for days, had created awareness on the free medical outreach because of health’s importance to trading. She said it was the first time UCH, Ibadan had taken time to offer free healthcare to the people in the area and advised the market men and women to use the advice from the medical team to better their health and that of their children. Babaloja, Molete Market Association, Mr Wabi Bolarinwa, expressed appreciation for the free medical outreach and urged for more of such. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!