AFTER spending 28 years of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) orientation programme in a rented apartment, at the Progressive senior secondary school, Umunya in Oyi Local Government Area of Anambra State, the Scheme, on Thursday, finally move to her permanent orientation camp in Umuawulu/Mbaukwu, Awka South Local Government Area of the state. While addressing the 2019 Batch C Stream 1 Corps Members at the new orientation camp, the state coordinator, Mr Kehinde Aremu, said the body will continue to support the government of Anambra State in this and other areas of critical need, including ensuring manpower deployment for health care delivery to underserved rural communities and agricultural extension work to boost food production in Anambra and Nigeria. According to him, I am so elated today to inform Governor Willie Obiano that since our arrival in the state 28 years ago, these group of young patriots have been disciplined, they have been understanding and even helpful in solving the problems associated with relocation to a new camp. ALSO READ:  10 soldiers killed, nine injured in insurgents’ ambush He commended the Anambra State House of Assembly for the invaluable contribution for not just ensuing sumptuous appropriation for payment of the highest state allowances to youths corps members in Nigeria, but also for oversight function in seeing that corps members are duly integrated into their host communities and for the delivery of the state of the art Orientation camp to NYSC. He described Anambra host communities as unique in terms of taking adequate care of the NYSC members deployed to their domains. One million Bauchi residents to get portable water ― Water… We will make business environment more conducive ― Yahaya… 3 years after rejection, social media bill returns to Senate Environmentalists urge FG to outlaw bush burning to save… Also, while appreciating the duo of Igwe Mbaukwu and Igwe Umuawulu, for their love shown and enthusiasm to host the Nigerian Youth in their communities, Mr Aremu, disclosed that a total of 1851 registered prospective corps members comprising of 1072 females and 779 are to undergo the orientation exercises in the state. In his opening speech, the state governor, Chief Willie Obiano, represented by the state Commissioner for Youth Empowerment and Creative Economy, Hon Afam Mbanefo, enjoin the corps to fully take part in all Orientation programmes so as to maximally benefit from the exercises for self-help and National development. The governor, who commended the state NYSC management for its strides, noted that the relationship between the state government and NYSC had always been robust and cordial. He assured them of speedy completion of the furniture in all the blocks. In their separate speeches, the Igwe of Mbaukwu, Chief Pen Anugu and his Umuawulu counterpart, Igwe Joel Egwuonwu, said they are quite impressed with the condition of the new orientation camp in their communities, as it is one of the best camps in Nigeria. They urged corps members to utilise the opportunities of economic empowerment skill training in the camp, noting that the benefit is to prepare them to be self-reliant after service. The Igwes, while acknowledging the support of security agencies to the scheme in the state, commended governor Obiano for increasing the corps members’ state allowance and ensuring its prompt payment monthly, as well as the quick completion of the camp. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.