Two engineers were on Monday brought before a Yaba Chief Magistrates’ Court in Lagos State for allegedly causing the collapse of a two-storey building, which led to the death of a bricklayer. The defendants: Benjamin John, 36, and Akin Tinuoya, 31, were arraigned on charges of conspiracy and negligent acts causing harm. The prosecutor, ASP Roman Unuigbe, told the court that the defendants committed the offences at 4.00p.m. on November 1, at No. 36A Glover Court, Ikoyi, Lagos State. According to Unuigbe, the defendants are part of a group of engineers employed to erect the two-storey building for residential purposes. He told the court that the defendants conspired with the other engineers and collected money from the contractors in exchange for the delivery of quality building materials. He said that this resulted in the building of the structure with inferior materials. Unuigbe submitted that the negligence of the defendants caused the collapse of the building that killed a bricklayer working on it. “My lord, the police were only able to apprehend these two defendants, the others absconded after the collapse but we are tracking them. PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens ALSO READ: Ighalo, Osimhen, Nnadozie, Oshoala nominated for CAF Awards “We are also running tests on the debris to present as further evidence,” he said. He said that the offences contravened Sections 411 and 252 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015 (revised). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that both sections stipulate two years’ jail term each for conspiracy and negligent act causing harm . The Chief Magistrate, Mr Peter Ojo, granted each of the defendants’ bail in the sum of N500,000 each with two sureties in like sum. Ojo said that the sureties must be gainfully employed and have landed property within the court’s jurisdiction. He also ordered that the sureties must show evidence of three years’ tax payment to the Lagos State Government. He adjourned the case until January 13, 2020, for mention. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!