Benue House of Assembly on Tuesday passed the Benue House of Assembly Funds Management Bill, 2019 after a clause to clause consideration on the floor of the house during plenary. Leading debate on the bill before its passage, the Chairman of the House Committee on Finance, Mr Abbas Akoso, (PDP-Ushongo) said that the bill would ensure the establishment of the Benue House of Assembly Funds Management Board. Akoso stated that the board would enable the Speaker of the house to exercise general supervision over the funds of the house. “The Speaker shall also have a general responsibility to the house for maintaining and promoting the efficiency and good fiscal policy for the House of Assembly,” the Chairman said. ALSO READ: Benue assembly approves N3.5bn loan request by Ortom He also pointed out that the bill would ensure probity and accountability in the administration and management of funds accruable to the house. VIDEO: 59-year-old Maradona denies daughter’s claim he… Foodstuff and Cattle dealers threaten nationwide strike over… Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone… INEC nominee declares loyalty to APC before Senate panel Akoso stated further that passing the bill would strengthen the operations of the legislative arm of government. He, therefore, urged the house to pass the bill without delay. Seconding the motion for the passage, the Deputy Speaker, Mr Christopher Adaji, said the bill would benefit the house immensely. Supporting the bill, the House Minority Leader, Bem Mngutyo (APC-Tarka) and Mr Baba Odeh (APC-Otukpo/Akpa) said the bill should be passed to ensure prudent management of funds accruing to the house. The Speaker, Mr Titus Uba, thereafter, invited the clerk of the house, Mr Terese Agena, to read the bill for the third time, after which it was accordingly passed by voice vote. News agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the bill will be forwarded to Gov. Samuel Ortom for assent. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.