THE Association of Nigeria University Professional Administrators (ANUPA), Federal University, Lafia (FULafia), has trained registry staff on efficient service delivery. Farouk Nasslea, FULafia Chairman of the association, said the training is being organised annually to abreast members with requisite skills and knowledge to be more efficient. According to him, this is the seventh time the association has been organising annual training to its members where notable speakers often talk to them on modern demands of university administrators. “Since the induction of Lafia branch of ANUPA in November 2012, we organised this training annually in order to enrich ourselves for the demands of our job. “Through this, we believed that our members would be exposed to basic administrative knowledge in line with the emerging trends in university administration,” the Chairman added. ALSO READ: Fayemi’s wife flags off de-worming of school children in Ekiti Nasslea, therefore, expressed gratitude to the management of the university for creating an enabling environment for them to do their job and promised that they would be more dedicated. BREAKING: Buhari arrives Nigeria from London private visit Kogi/Bayelsa guber polls: Reps Minority Caucus condemns… Be orderly, don’t sell your vote, monitoring group… Gombe SSG expresses displeasure over slow pace of project… Similarly, Dr Omajoka Awosusi, Former Registrar Ekiti State University who is the guest speaker, said if registry staff did not rise up to their responsibilities, their jobs would be taken over by the academic staff. The Speaker advised university registrars and all registry staff to develop themselves with the view of making themselves inevitable in the system. He, therefore, recommended regular training for registry staff in order to build their skills for service delivery. Earlier, Mr Abubakar Mamuda, Registrar FULafia, commended the association for prioritising the training of its members to make them more efficient in their jobs. He added that a lot of the staff of the institution including administrators had attended training and workshops within and outside the country courtesy the Federal Government and some notable organisations. He explained that the importance of training of staff cannot be over-emphasised, adding that the management of the institution would commence mass training of staff from January 2020. He, therefore, encouraged non-teaching staff of the university who are willing to switch to academic staff and are qualified to apply as his office would give such application urgent attention. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!