Temitope Adeola Akinsemoyin, an entrepreneur, feminist and African enthusiast, is the CEO of D Dinastia Co and Teepee Organics and Holistics. In this interview by Niyi Oyedeji, she speaks about her life as an entrepreneur and feminist.  What is your business and activism background? I love to call myself a humanitarian because I am passionate about people. I have done a few charitable works and want to do more. I recently bagged a Master’s Degree in International Relations, although I have a B.sc in Microbiology and a PGD in Physiotherapy from IBAM, Kolkata. I run two mother businesses that are D Dinastia Co and Teepee Organics and Holistics. D Dinastia Co is the creative part of me; it involves the content creation, media production, modelling agency and fashion creative while Teepee Organics is a range of natural care for the skin, body and soul. Hopefully, I will one day become the first female governor of Lagos State, to change the narrative and do better in the society.  How were you able to combine your career with home front? It has not been easy for me as a first time nursing mother but I’m gradually adjusting to keep up with my job and home affairs. I spend most of the time with my family while I stay at the office and attend to meetings whenever the need arises. The advent of internet has made my job so easy, that I can always organise meetings with my clients on the internet. However, I am looking forward to getting a Nanny that can travel with me, as I intend to travel more this coming year for public speaking, business and other engagements.  What will you say is the secret of your success? Persistence has been the major fuel to my success. Even though, I feel down at times but I am a goal getter who is always passionate and give all to whatsoever I am doing. Whenever I realised I’m stuck or my ideas are no longer working, I do put whatever I am doing down to have a break by spending some time alone or even going out to see movies for fresh ideas to come.  In the past, you’ve sponsored and offered scholarships to some girl-child, what informed your decision on this? I am very concerned about others, I wear my heart on my sleeves, I feel the pain of others and that’s what motivated me into giving back to the community. My dad is very passionate about education and offers scholarships, so I would say I am walking in his footstep. Although, I am not wealthy, I often try to do the little I can to champion the cause of humanity.  What does feminism means to you? Well, feminism is a very broad concept and a lot of people in Nigeria attribute feminism to hatred for men. Feminism is simply equality for everyone. Every gender, race and tribe deserves equal opportunity. At times, not everyone needs same opportunity, I think it should be more of equity, by giving others the opportunity they need so we can all be squared, but you know life is not fair and that’s why I always try my best to offer equal opportunity to everyone I meet with.  I love stating the fact that I support the new form of feminism, this is a form of feminism that supports the idea that men and women have different strengths, perspectives, and roles, while advocating for the equal worth and dignity of both sexes. Among its basic concepts are that the most important differences are those that are biological rather than cultural. New feminism holds that women should be valued in their role as child bearers, both culturally and economically, while not being viewed as a “home maker” in the broader sense of the meaning. The main aim is to promote the idea that women are individuals with equal worth as men; and that in social, economic and legal senses they should be equal, while accepting the natural differences between the sexes. Kogi guber: SDP will be on ballot ― INEC Being a feminist, how do you cope with your husband and home affairs? Find someone who understands your kind of person is the key. A lot of women do not discuss and agree about a lot while courting. It is also important to understand the kind of family you are getting married into because feminism is not a child’s play in Nigeria, where most people believe that a woman’s role is in the kitchen and behind her husband and not beside him.  Some people believe feminists don’t need a man in their lives, what’s your notion about this, considering the fact that you are married? Parties should make policies that increase women’s… Growing up amidst four brothers prepared  me for my future… 1500 women to attend WIMBIZ 2019 annual conference Darling created memorable looks at Lagos Fashion Week 2019 Like I said earlier, feminism is not a war of sexes; it is just understanding that the role of a woman is not only for child bearing and in the kitchen. Women are humans and not slaves to be lord over. I am married and my husband understands my stand, I bear my maiden name and he doesn’t have issues with it. Being married doesn’t change the fact that I’m my father’s daughter or selling my life over to my husband, Being married to me is about finding a companion who makes me happy, achieving goals together and raising children with great morals and a very high social value.  Does a feminist have to be a female? Of course not, if you support equal opportunity for both sexes you are a feminist.  Can you talk on some of the previous humanitarian activities you’ve executed in the past? In 2016, I visited Zanzibar where I donated some cash to a local school. In 2017 I donated writing aids and cash to some students in a community primary school in my home town in Eti Osa, Lagos. Also in 2018, I launched a scholarship board for my philanthropy work. The former commissioner for education in Oyo State, Professor Olowofela and other dignitaries were present.  What advice do you have for young ladies out there? It is never easy. Do not see a man as your meal ticket. You can change your life with smart work, consistency and contentment.  Never see yourself lesser than a queen that you are.  You have always been an advocate of a prosperous Africa, how do you think a better Africa can be achieved? That’s a tough question but definitely a better Africa can be achieved if we all do our bits as individuals, parents, lawyers, doctors, musicians, journalists and so on. We all are the little drops that make up an ocean. Hopefully, when I get to work for the United Nations I hope to promote Education in all forms because an educated society is an elevated society. If people are informed about a particular thing it will make it easier to spread the good news. Only then can a unified and prosperous Africa be achieved.  Some people believe modelling can’t be done without atrocities going on underground, how true is this notion? Being a model requires 100% confidence, if you are not confident enough about yourself a lot of people will pull you down or toss you around. In an era where social media can help push your career, I don’t think a model should be tossed around.  Apart from being a serial entrepreneur, you’ve also achieved some academic feats, what are the challenges you’ve faced combining your business and academics together? I have been through a lot in the past years trying to put my life on balance and check from academics, to business and family. I know all what kept my sanity was the zeal to be better than yesterday. I had setbacks, but when I did, I tried my best to have a better come back. It works all the time, because that moves me to the next level of greatness that I need. I am not there yet, but I am moving up the ladder. Growing and improving myself every day.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!