Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, and his Oyo State counterpart, Mr Seyi Makinde, have lauded the University of Ibadan on research development, saying that research development has accelerated socio-economic development of the nation. They said this during the unveiling of the Uduimo Itsueli Foundation Building and inauguration of Isaac Folorunso Adewole Library of Tomorrow (IFA-LOT) at the University of Ibadan Research Foundation Building, Ajibode, Ibadan Saturday, last week. While saying that the inauguration of IFA-LOT would improve the ranking of the university globally, Oyetola said it was worthy of note that UI had produced viable and vibrant scholars who had contributed to the development of the nation through research activities. He said research is crucial to national development and commended the former Minister of Health, Professor Isaac Adewole, for his contributions to the development of the institution, the nation, as well as his positive impact on humanity. On his part, Makinde, who was represented by his deputy, Mr Raufu Aderemi Olaniyan,   said research is a key element in nation building. How to tackle mass  failures, errors in English  language… ‘Cancer patients who use alternative medicine more than… KolaDaisi University donates anti-crime patrol van to… ‘How Nigeria got it wrong in technical education’ The pioneer vice chancellor, University of Medical Sciences, Ondo, who was the guest speaker, called for the extension of IFA-LOT beyond UI so that it could serve the entire nation as well as the extension of its outreach to other West African nations. He advocated a viable multi-media and Information Communication Technology (ICT) presence, partnership with leading academic institutions and libraries, an increased political support for evidence-based decision making and adequate funding. The vice chancellor of the University of Ibadan, Professor Abel Idowu Olayinka, said the library would provide up-to-date resource materials and facilitate access to research information necessary to enhance competences and competitiveness of early career researchers and postgraduate research scholars in research. Olayinka also said it would facilitate effective vehicle, for information-sharing to promote comprehensive contribution of all stakeholders towards pragmatic evidence-based policy options and viable relationship between the gown and town. Professor Adewole, in his remarks, said the event was a testimony to the critical position the university occupies nationwide, adding   that the initiative was aimed at improving  the frontier of knowledge through research and development. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!