National leaders of the Nigeria Union of Pensioners (NUP), chairmen and secretaries of states and sectoral councils gathered in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, last week to deliberate on the plights of pensioners and come up with effective strategies to ensure that elderly citizens live a normal life after retirement. The National Executive Council (NEC) meeting was presided over by the national president of the union, Dr Abel Afolayan, and declared open by Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, who was represented by the Commissioner for Education in Oyo State, Professor Daud Sangodoyin. In attendance also were representatives of the registrar of Trade Union, Pension Transitional Arrangement Directorate (PTAD), Budget and Planning and Ministry of Labour and Employment. In a communique issued after the meeting, the union proposed to establish state/national trust fund on health to be managed by a committee. According, to the communique, the trust fund will be used to address critical medical cases. However, the issue was referred to the state and zonal levels for further deliberation; and the outcome is expected to be submitted to the national headquarters on or before December 31, 2019. In his earlier address, the NUP president, Dr Afolayan, had told the meeting of his desire to ensure that the union establishes a sovereign fund to take care of special medical cases       beyond the reach of individual pensioners. He described this as a lasting legacy the present leadership can leave for incoming generations. He said: “The popular saying that health is wealth is real and true. Pensioners, as we all know, are endangered species, and we need to look after our health regularly. It is not only enough to pray for long life; it is equally good to live long in good health. “This, I have come to realise, could be made possible at a very considerable cost. The first step towards achieving this is for all pensioners to key into the Federal Government’s policy of the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS). “I am glad to inform you today that a senior officer from that scheme is in our midst to give us a very brief enlightenment on how to join the scheme and enjoy the insurance benefit thereof. PDP’s rejection of Kogi, Bayelsa election results, a disgrace ― presidency “The second step is for us to deliberate today on how to establish a ‘sovereign’ fund for the purpose of taking care of special medical cases that are clearly beyond the reach of individual pensioners, considering the cost implication and the nature of such ailments. Some cases involve special surgical operations or transplant that cannot certainly be handled here in Nigeria. “I will want this meeting to rise above sentiments today, and speak with one voice to establish a separate joint account for this purpose to which each state and the national headquarters will be contributing a specified amount of money on a monthly basis, to be managed by a special committee to be set up for this purpose to manage the account on behalf of the union and also to treat all health-related cases that require their attention on merit without any fear or favour. “Distinguished NEC members, this is one of the lasting legacies that I think we can leave behind for in-coming generations of NUP and the best thing we can do to ourselves while we are still here. It is not a law, but just my humble proposal to NEC-in-session for your deliberation and consideration.” Private schools in Lagos now 18,573 ― Commissioner Nigeria can only attain prosperity through effective… Aroke, jailed internet fraudster, still coordinates $100… NASS: N1tn spent on constituency projects in 10 years… The NEC-in-session also welcomed the agreement reached by organised labour and the Federal Government over the new minimum wage, and urged the government to set in motion, without delay. “the implementation of pension increase in consonance with the constitutional provision that states that pension should be increased concomitantly with an increase in salaries of workers or every five years, whichever comes earlier.” The meeting commended President Muhammadu Buhari over his positive stance on pensioners’ welfare; and the governor of Oyo State, Makinde, over prompt payment of pensions in full to Oyo State pensioners, particularly retired primary school teachers who hitherto were paid in percentages. The NEC-in-session welcomed the executive secretary of PTAD, Dr (Mrs) Chioma Ejikeme’s promise to address the challenges she met on the ground upon being appointed, in three months, and that henceforth subsequent complaints of pensioners would be addressed in 72 hours. The meeting noted with satisfaction the developmental projects at the National Headquarters and other state councils of the union and urged other states to emulate them. Specifically, it commended the Oyo State council for establishing a radio station; Pensioners FM. 106.7 and for airing the NEC meeting live free of charge as well as making the new hall available to the NUP for the meeting. The NEC-in-session frowned at the illegal remittance of checkoff dues to associations outside the NUP in line with the Trade Union Act. In his address, the Oyo State Governor said his government had in September this year approved the sum of N1.4 billion to pay retired primary school teachers and local government workers for their gratuities. Engr Makinde Said: “This NEC meeting calls for every one of us to look at the issues and challenges that are facing pensioners in Nigeria and come out with a distinct solution that will assist both the Federal and state governments in ensuring the welfare of pensioners are catered for. “In September 3, the governor approved N1.4 billion to be paid to primary school teachers and local government workers for their gratuities.” He further assured that the pensioners would be taken care of, adding that in the last few months all pensioners in the state have been paid as and when due. The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, said the administration of President Muhamladu Buhari, was committed more than ever to continue to make life more meaningful for pensioners and all Nigerians. The Registrar of Trade Union, Mr. A. O. Falonipe, advised all trade unions to submit their audited annual financial accounts promptly, adding, “let me use this opportunity to remind you of your statutory responsibilities to the office of the Registrar of trade unions in terms of prompt rendition of your audited annual financial accounts. “I want the leadership of trade unions at all levels to note that the check-off deductions from the member’s wages are public funds that are supposed to be accounted for.”  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!