Emir of Ilorin, Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari, has called for collaboration among governments at all levels to tackle persistent cases of kidnapping and other security challenges in the country. Speaking during the Eid-El-Maulud celebration in Ilorin on Monday, the emir appealed to government at all levels to step up efforts at stemming the tide of rape, kidnapping and insurgency ravaging the length and breadth of the country. While commending the federal government and various security agencies for their tireless efforts at combating insurgency and banditry across the country, the emir prayed God to crown their efforts by granting them victory over the insurgents. The monarch also counselled Muslims against engaging in rebellious acts capable of disrupting the peace of the country. He urged them to embrace peaceful co-existence with the people of other faiths as done by Prophet Muhammed. My commitment to delivering unparalleled representation… Tribunal upholds election victory for Kolawole, House of… BREAKING: Gunmen abduct two lecturers in Kaduna, demand N5m… 91 jailed for rape, defilement in Edo ALSO READ: AbdulRazaq urges Nigerians to emulate Prophet Muhammad He further tasked the Muslims to emulate the exemplary conduct of Prophet Muhammad in their daily endeavours to ensure growth and development of the country. Earlier, the Grand Khadi, Shariah Court of Appeal, Kwara state, Justice Mohammed Abdulkadir, had described Maolid Nabbiy as one of the greatest events in Islam. The prophet, he stressed was a good leader with sublime characters to be emulated by Muslims and the entire humanity. He stressed the need for Muslims across the globe to promote unity and ensure unison in their fold. Hundreds of Muslim faithful including pupils and students of primary, secondary and Islamiyyah schools converged on the open field of the stadium complex for a match past, lectures and goodwill messages to commemorate the birth of Prophet Muhammad. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!