A clinical  microbiologist, Professor Oyinkan  Oduyebo, has urged individuals, health workers and policy makers to handle antibiotics with care as the drug is fast becoming less effective in the treatment of infections. Professor Oduyebo, Coordinator, National Antimicrobial Stewardship Committee spoke at the annual World Antibiotics Awareness Week (WAAW) media sensitisation forum by St. Rachael’s Pharma in Lagos. Oduyebo said there was the need to protect available antibiotic currently in use by ensuring that the drugs are used to treat what they are meant to treat and not abused. According to her, “Antimicrobial resistance occurs when microorganisms change in their response to antimicrobials such  that infections can no longer be treated with the antimicrobials to which the microbes were once sensitive. “As a result, the antibiotics become ineffective and infections persist in the body, increasing the risk of spread to others. This leads to higher medical costs, longer duration of treatment, prolonged hospital stays and increased mortality.” Oduyebo, also the Chairman, Lagos University Teaching Hospital’s Antimicrobial Stewardship Committee called on hospitals to adopt an antibiotic policy as part of their formulary to ensure rational use of antibiotics. Feminism: Feat to Fallacy How to tackle mass  failures, errors in English  language… ‘Cancer patients who use alternative medicine more than… Oyetola, Makinde laud UI on research devt “An antibiotic policy will improve patient care by promoting the best practices in antibiotic prophylaxis and therapy. It will ensure better use of resources by using cheaper drugs where possible and also retard the emergence and spread of multiple antibiotic-resistant bacteria.” She called on individuals to use antibiotics only when prescribed by a certified health professional; never demand antibiotics if the doctor says they are not needed and follow the doctor’s prescription when using antibiotics. “Never share or use leftover antibiotics. You can prevent infections by regularly washing your hands, preparing food hygienically, avoiding contact with sick people, practising safer sex and keeping vaccinations up to date,” she advised. Chairman, Chief Executive Officer of St. Rachazel’s  Mr Akinjide Adeosun  said the company, also known as ‘House of Antibiotics’  fully aligns with  WHO’s efforts towards raising awareness on the global menace of irrational use of antibiotics. He said the company decided on the WAAW media sensitisation forum to increase global awareness of antibiotic resistance and raise awareness about the fatality of preventable and treatable respiratory tract infections. Mr Adeosun also advocated the establishment of a health care bank like the bank of Industry and agriculture to cater for Nigeria’s strategic healthcare needs. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!