Kogi State Governor Alhaji Yahaya Bello on Friday commissioned the Nigeria Navy Ship Lugard and Navy Barracks in Banda established to ensure adequate security of the waterways in the confluence state. The Governor, who, at the event restated his security commitments in the state also commissioned newly constructed brick model 96 housing units, 1.83km road and other facilities in the new Naval base. Governor Bello was joined by the Chief of Naval Staff, Vice Admiral Ibok-Ete Ibas, representatives from the Ministry of Works and Housing, Ministry of defence, Senate Committee chairman on Navy, top Naval officers and several other guests. ALSO READ: Senator Sunmonu hosts friends, associates to celebrate son’s call to bar Governor Bello in his keynote address expressed his joy to be a part of the official commissioning after almost a decade of its establishment. He said his dedication to the cause was because the establishment of the Naval base was key to his administration which has as its priorities security and safety of the people of the state. The Governor Congratulated the Chief of Naval Staff, Vice Admiral Ibok-Ete Ibas and other senior officers of the Navy both serving and retired for bringing to reality the project Gov Bello commissions Navy barracks, restates commitment to… Kogi West: PDP boycotts observation of electoral material… Kogi supplementary poll: Corps members may boycott exercise Gov Bello launches maternal, neonatal, tetanus eradication… Governor Bello assured the Navy that their decision to locate the base in the State would not be regretted as he looked forward to other developments like primary and secondary schools, hospitals, ultra-modern markets that would take place in the nearest future. He thanked the Navy for their doggedness and synergy with other security agencies which he noted has improved security and safety of lives and properties in the state. While pledging his continued support to the Navy and other security agencies, governor Bello charged them to double their efforts in combating crimes and criminality in the state The Chief of Navy Staff, Vice Admiral Ibok-Ete Ibas noted that the event was significant to the Navy inadequately discharging its roles as the base would assist in employing effectively its resources and manpower. Vice Admiral Ibas pointed out that the Navy Barracks in Banda would house both operational and administrative activities including barracks, schools, hospitals, a residence for Naval staffs and civilians. He commended Kogi State Governor Alhaji Yahaya Bello for the continued support given to the Navy and his continued commitment in ensuring the security and safety of lives and properties in the State. He clarified that the dredging on rivers Niger and Benue by the Federal Government necessitated the establishment of the Naval base to ensure adequate security of the waterways in the area. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!