The leadership of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has directed its members to “disregard the purported Circular from the Office of the Accountant General of the Federation to enrol academic staff on the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS) from tomorrow (Monday)”. ASUU in a statement signed by the chairman Ibadan chapter, Professor Deji Omole, stated that her members should not submit themselves to be enrolled into slave plan of the Accountant General whose office stinks with corruption. ASUU further stated that the same Accountant General of the Federation had challenged the Union to develop a template that accommodates the peculiarities of academic staff and present same to it. Omole stated that the Union’s leadership was still in discussion with the federal government and helping the government to develop more robust template. According to Omole, the Vice President of the Country, Professor Yemi Osinbajo as an academic, understands these peculiarities and had benefitted immensely from the peculiarities. He warned that no ASUU member should appear before the Accountant General team until further directive of the Union. ALSO READ: 2 missing, 11 rescued as boats collide in Lagos Buhari tasks ASUU, others on sex-for-grade Amidst opposition by ASUU, FG starts enrollment into IPPIS… Be sensitive in your demands, Buhari tells ASUU, NASU,others We will fight FG to the finish on IPPIS ― ASUU According to him: “While ASUU supports ‘fight against corruption’, it will resist any attempt by the government to trample on existing University autonomy Act.” The Union further urged members to remain steadfast and stand firm to protect public universities by not filling any form or submit their bio-data for enrollment into the IPPIS. The Union recalled that the Office of Accountant General of the Federation through a newspaper advert had said it will dispatch her staff to universities from 25th November 2019 for enrolment of staff into the IPPIS. However, ASUU has described it as a scam and offered to design a template that will accommodate university peculiarities. The Union says it is not opposed to IPPIS but the current template will undermine the uniqueness of university academic and the autonomy. According to the statement: “This is to remind you that the Union’s position on IPPIS has not changed. Pending the resolution of the matter evidence, of which shall be communicated to all members of our Union, no member of the Union is  to enlist on the platform. “NEC position on the matter has not been reviewed, therefore  NO ASUU MEMBER IS TO FILL THE FORM or submit their bio-data before any team. We are not slaves that can be subjected to routine humiliation from the office of the accountant general. No nation has ever developed or survived through the humiliation of her intellectuals. United we bargain, divided we beg.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!