Ekiti State governor and chairman, Nigeria Governors’ Forum, Kayode Fayemi has broken the silence on the verdict of the Appeal Court sitting in Kaduna that sacked Senate Spokesperson and All Progressive Congress (APC) Senatorial Candidate from Ekiti South Constituency in the last General Election, Adedayo Adeyeye. The Governor in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode In Ado-Ekiti on Thursday, congratulated Senator Abiodun Olujimi for the victory, urged her to be magnanimous in victory and ensure that Ekiti interest is paramount in her agenda at the Senate. Fayemi who described Wednesday’s ruling as painful urged Senator Adeyeye to remain calm despite the judicial pronouncement, saying that the ruling, though shocking and unexpected, is not the end of his political career nor his public service. ALSO READ: Enugu Airport: FG has mobilized contractor to site ― Aviation Minister He described Senator Adeyeye as a dogged fighter and a politician of repute who is loved by his people. He said he was convinced that the former Senate Spokesman would bounce back and play more significant roles in the nation’s politics. Olunloyo, Agbotomokekere, Akinbile preach  religious… Ganduje promises to solve challenges of NYSC in Kano YCE condemns military’s operation positive… Enugu Airport: FG has mobilized contractor to site ―… “The All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Senator campaigned vigorously during the last election and got the endorsement of the people of the district, this makes the Court of Appeal’s ruling quite disturbing. “As we continue to deepen our democratic culture, we cannot but witness occasional setbacks of this nature. It is part of the sacrifice for our nation-building. “We must accept the decision of the appellate court which is the final arbiter in this particular election petition, with equanimity, though painfully. “The court’s ruling notwithstanding, Senator Adeyeye remains a credible politician with huge democratic credentials. “While many may see this as a temporary setback, I urge him to brace up and see it as part of the sacrifice for the growth of democracy in the country. “I am convinced that Senator Adeyeye will bounce back, in view of the pride of place he occupies in the hearts of his people.” The Governor said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.