The Nigerian Army, on Monday, offered free medical services to the residents of Irepene and Idodenge communities in Adavi Local Government Area of Kogi. Maj. Gen. Bamidele Ogunkale, the Commander, Command Army Records (CARs), while monitoring the exercise at Irepene, told journalists that the gesture was part of activities for the ongoing Field Training Exercise, tagged ” Ayem Akpatuma 11,” in the state. Ogunkale commended the Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, for the initiative and for giving the needed support since the exercise began on November 1, saying the military had recorded appreciable success. The commander, who was represented by his Chief of Staff, CARs, Brig.-Gen. Ayobambo Orukotan, said that the medical service was civil-military cooperation to assist the residents of the neighbouring communities where the military Super Camps were sited. ”In that spirit, the Nigerian Army Women’s Corps (NAWC) were sent down here to participate in the exercise in collaboration with CARs to offer free medical treatment and give free drugs to patients,” he said. The commander noted that the exercise “Ayem Akpatuma 11” had recorded a huge success, noting that the military was able to flush out criminals from their hideouts and rid some areas of bandits across Kogi. He added that the military had also helped to curtail violence during the last Saturday election while reaffirming the determination of the military to curtail and reduce criminality to the barest minimum in the state. Also speaking, Lt. Col. Susan Dibal, the Coordinator, Women Special Operations Battalion, NAWC, Giri, said the women corps was collaborating with headquarters CARs for civil-military relations to offer free medical treatment to people. ALSO READ: NBA decries high spate of violence during Bayelsa, Kogi guber elections ”We have to say thank you to our peculiar father, the COAS, Lt. Gen. Tukur Buratai, who had built women corps and for making women what they are today in the Army. ”The women corps is here to support the medical outreach for the vulnerable women and children including men,” she said. Dibal also thanked the Commander CARs for making it possible for the NAWC to work together to have the medical outreach. On his part, the Medical Officer, CARs, Capt. Nurudeen Saka, said doctors would check blood pressure, random blood sugar for diabetes, immunisation for children, mosquito net to pregnant women and free drugs as the case may be. He noted those who could be treated would be counseled appropriately to go to the nearest hospital or come down to the military hospital for treatment. He said that malaria and malnutrition were common ailments among the residents, and the pregnant women also lacked antenatal care. A physically challenged mother, Mrs Ife Azeez, whose child was diagnosed with chronic jaundice, thanked the army for promising to take the child for treatment. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the residents of Irepene and some neighboring communities, trooped out in their large numbers to benefit from the free medical services. NAN reports that the exercise, Ayem Akpatuma 11, is being conducted simultaneously in the North Central States such as Kogi, Taraba, Nassarawa, Niger and Benue States from Nov. 1 to Dec. 23. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!