As the November 16 election day draws nearer, loud of victory is getting clearer for the APC governorship candidate and his running mate for the November 16 election in Kogi state, different groups, associations and religious bodies are lending their support and prayers for the re-election of the incumbent Governor, His Excellency Yahaya Bello for sustained peace and development. The Governor, after receiving the leaders of Igbo community across the 21 local government areas of the state on Thursday also received members of the Jama’Atul Izalatul Bidia Wa’Ikamatul Sunnah (JIBWIS) who paid him a solidarity visit in Government House, Lokoja. The group, while describing the Governor as ”stabilizer of peace and proponent of harmonious coexistence ” stated the state has enjoyed unparalleled peace and development under the leadership of Yahaya Bello. Governor Bello who was overwhelmed by the support accorded to his government by the group said the state government is spurred to bring the state back to it’s lost glory as past administration has put Kogi on its kneels. The governor assured them of giving priority attention to all religious bodies in the state in order to sustain the peace and harmony the state has witnessed since the beginning of his administration. ALSO READ: We will correct our mistakes, El-Rufai assures Kaduna people  Sanwo-Olu urges residents to make sacrifices for… Anti-corruption: FG recovers N200bn in final forfeiture… Akeredolu returns: I’m back stronger, fresher He maintained that the group were amongst the first that prayed for the success of his administration upon assumption of office, saying he will continue to accord equal respect and support to all religious groups in the state. On the forthcoming election, the Governor stated elections were mere exercises that God almighty gives power and to who He wishes. He enjoyed the Islamic group to speak to their followers on the need to conduct themselves in a peaceful manner before, during and after the election. In his speech, chairman of the group, Alhaji Yahaya Musa Danladi said they are grateful to Governor Bello for giving attention to the perennial problem in the state and appreciated him for his efforts in supporting the Izala Islamic in Kogi state and other religious bodies. He assured the Governor of their unflinching support at all times especially in the November gubernatorial election in the state Speaking also, the deputy governor of Kogi State, Chief Edward Onoja praised the group for identifying with the present state government at this crucial moment, assuring them of more benefits. Onoja who attributed the success of the Bello’s administration to God Almighty, said, God that did it for them in 2015 will also repeat it in this 2019 and urged not to renege on their support for the government. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.