A 200-level student has been arrested for allegedly obtaining a fake degree certificate and for participating in the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), orientation exercise in Zamfara. The student, who is said to be in 200-level at a University in Benin Republic, was apprehended by the official of the NYSC on Friday. The NYSC Director-General, Brig. Gen. Shuaibu Ibrahim, who confirmed the arrest of the student said the Benin Republic university wrote to the scheme when its officials discovered her on the social media, posting her photographs in NYSC uniform in the Zamfara camp. She was said to be undergoing the Batch C stream 1 orientation course before she was arrested. ALSO READ: APC crisis: South-South leaders rally support for Oshiomhole NYSC: Impact positively on your host communities ― Oyo gov Oyetola assures corps members on security, welfare NYSC warns corps members to avoid unnecessary journey Accept NYSC members, Gov Ikpeazu appeals to employers The DG disclosed that the student had been handed over to officials of the Department of State Services for further investigations. He noted that any fake graduate apprehended with a fake certificate would be handed over to security agencies for prosecution. According to the DG, “The clampdown on fake graduates and certificates is yielding more results. On Friday, one of the universities in Cotonou, Benin Republic saw their 200-level student in the NYSC uniform on social media. She is supposed to be a 200-level of the university studying journalism. “But she went and purchased a fake certificate from another Benin Republic university and now served in the camp in Zamfara. Her classmates saw her on social media and raised the alarm to the university, which then alerted and wrote to me. “The university said they recognised the efforts of the scheme in nabbing fake graduates and they were not a party to her fake certificate. So we arrested her in Zamfara. She was brought to Abuja and we have arranged with the DSS to take her away.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!