Kaduna State Government on Tuesday doled out 85 operational vehicles to security agencies in the state as part of measures to tackle rising cases of banditry and kidnappings. Gov. Nasiru El-Rufai who handed over the vehicles in Kaduna said the gesture was to assist the federal security agencies in the task of securing the state, its people, properties and livelihoods. He assured that the government was making efforts to address the security challenges, including extensive security deployments and operations to contain and neutralise the criminals. “Aside from the vehicles on ground, we have acquired and put at the disposal of the security agencies, a technology that can assist the state to fight back and reassert its authority. “We have also established the Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs to focus and coordinate our efforts and cooperation with the security agencies”. The governor added that the administration would continue to devote necessary resources to address the security challenges and support the agencies. ALSO READ: Buhari pledges global alliances for total defeat of Boko Haram As we combat banditry, I urge all residents of Kaduna state to stand together, support the security agencies and report all suspicious characters and activities, he added. VIDEO: 59-year-old Maradona denies daughter’s claim he… Foodstuff and Cattle dealers threaten nationwide strike over… Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone… INEC nominee declares loyalty to APC before Senate panel El-Rufai expressed gratitude to all the security agencies, traditional, religious and community leaders, as well as the Judiciary and the State Peace Commission for supporting the government to entrench tolerance and peaceful coexistence among the people of the state. In his address, the Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan appreciated the cordial relationship between the government and security agencies in tackling the scourge of banditry and criminality in the state. “Our appreciation of these security forces is something we simply cannot overstate. We have found in them staunch and ever willing partners. “We are immensely grateful for their supportive stance and do not take for granted the numerous sacrifices that they make in demonstrating that support,” he said. “The improved mobility the vehicles will offer means that our security operatives can respond faster to distress calls. “It means that the war can be taken right to the criminals’ dens and hiding places. “It also means that citizens can feel safer because of the more visible security presence across our metropolis and the state in general,” the commissioner stressed. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.