Britain plans to offer DNA testing for all newborns to screen them for serious hereditary diseases and identify health risks in adulthood, reports said on Wednesday. “This is brilliant news, just imagine how many lives can be saved when we know the genetic risks we face,’’ Health Secretary Matt Hancock tweeted. The government-owned Genomics England will launch a trial of the testing programme in 2020 with the National Health Service (NHS), The Times reported. ALSO READ: Brexit is UK’s biggest mistake since second world war ― Former speaker John Bercow The testing could be made widely available within three years if the trial proves successful, the newspaper said. It quoted Hancock as saying at a Genomics England research conference earlier this week that the DNA testing technology put Britain “on the cusp of a healthcare revolution’’. Police recover NDE stolen vehicle in Niger Republic Olore “torture centre” not approved by govt as correctional… Revenue generation: N7.5% increase tax bill scales second… Makinde has not fulfilled promises he made to me ― Lanlehin “Predictive, preventative, personalised healthcare. That is the future for the NHS,’’ he was quoted as saying. Chris Wigley, Genomics England chief executive, said he hoped an initial 20,000 parents would agree to DNA testing of their babies. “The benefits of this test can play out over the course of someone’s life,’’ the newspaper quoted Wigley as saying. “Someone may have had their genome sequenced as a newborn and 25 years later they develop another health problem. “We can use the same genomic data to assess, are they likely to have an adverse effect to this drug versus that drug,’’ he added. The newspaper said some 3,000 of the 660,000 children born each year in England and Wales are believed to have a treatable, early-onset disease. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.