The President of the Senate, Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan,  has assured Senator Nicholas Tofowomo, representing Ondo South at the 9th Assembly, that his senatorial district will not be shortchanged because of his absence at the Senate. Lawan gave this assurance on Friday when he visited Senator Tofowomo who is recovering from an accident he had on September 6, 2019, at Trauma centre in Ondo West Local Government of Ondo State. He commended Ondo State Government for the quality and standard of the University of Medical Sciences Teaching Hospital in Ondo, which he said boosted his confidence in the nation’s health sector. Disclosing this in a release, Akinrinlola Olumide, Special Assistant, Media, and Publicity, to Senator Nicholas Tofowomo., said, Lawan also asked other Nigerian leaders to emulate Senator Tofowomo who chose to patronise Nigeria hospital despite having the resources to travel abroad for medical care. ALSO READ: Invaders of Makinde’s hotel were APC thugs ― PDP “We at the Senate, we have been praying for you and we will continue to pray for you to get better and we will try as much as possible to support you and also let you know that this is what God has destined to happen, we pray to God that this condition improves so that you’ll go back to the Senate and do your legislative duties.” “Even in your absence, whatever we do in the Senate, we will continue to remember you and I assure you that the people of your senatorial district will not be shortchanged because you’re absent and we will ensure whatever is due to every senatorial district is accrued to them.” BREAKING: Buhari arrives Nigeria from London private visit Kogi/Bayelsa guber polls: Reps Minority Caucus condemns… Be orderly, don’t sell your vote, monitoring group… Gombe SSG expresses displeasure over slow pace of project… ”Let me also appreciate you for believing in the Nation’s health sector because I know you also have the resources to travel abroad for medical care. This is noteworthy and I hope others would emulate this.” “Once again, on behalf of the Senate, I wish you a quick recovery”, said Lawan. While appreciating the President of the Senate for the visit, Dr Michael Gbala who spoke on behalf of the Hospital’s management, thanked God for the quick recovery of Senator Tofowomo; and assured that the Senator would soon join his colleagues at the National Assembly the moment he is through with his treatment. He, however, encouraged wealthy Nigerians to stop seeking medical attention abroad just like the Ondo South Senator has demonstrated. In his response to the visit, distinguished Senator Tofowomo appreciated the president of the Senate and his distinguished colleagues for showing love by coming the way from Abuja to see him. He expressed gratitude and promised to join his people at the Senate in the next few weeks. In his oratory vote of thanks, Hon. Banji Okunomo, one of the PDP Governorship Aspirants in Ondo State, appreciated the Senate President and other numerous Senators for their demonstration of love and get- well messages. He asked God to grant them journey mercy back to Abuja. In the entourage of the President of the Senate were: Deputy Senate Leader, Senator Ajayi Borofice, Senator Ayo Akinyelure, Senator Opeyemi Bamidele, and 20 others.   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!