The Federal Government on Tuesday said that Antimicrobial Resistance (AMR) has the capability to kill more than 10 million people by the year 2050 if unchecked. Antimicrobial resistance is a situation whereby antimicrobials drugs that were effective in the treatment of diseases and infections are no longer effective in the treatment of diseases. Dr Mohammed Bello, Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, disclosed this at the 2019 National Antibiotic awareness in Abuja. Bello who said the challenge cut across human, agriculture and environment sectors, noted that it would require a multidisciplinary and multi-sectoral collaboration of key stakeholders using ‘one health’ approach to tackle the scourge. “Most of these deaths will come from Africa as a result of the indiscriminate use of antimicrobials”, he added. ALSO READ:  Bello’s victory, beyond dividing lines ― Atabor Bello while highlighting some of the drivers of antimicrobial resistance such as misuse of antibiotics, lack of withdrawal periods among other factors, harped on the need to create awareness amongst different stakeholders on the risk factors. The Permanent Secretary noted that the government has to put in place enforceable policies and regulations on the use of antimicrobials. He called on veterinarians and physicians to imbibe responsible and prudent use of antimicrobials. “Farmers should not self-medicate their animals and also adhere to the complete course of prescribed antibiotics as well as observe withdrawal periods. An antibiotic should be used only when it is necessary and when prescribed by professionals. “We must avoid self medications and observe the guidelines for usage of each molecule. All hands must be on deck to control AMR”, he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!