As part of his vision to make the state a window to Africa, Cross River State governor, Professor Ben Ayade, is creating activities through the establishment of additional tourism facilities in the state. Ayade said his vision for the state is not only to make it Nigeria’s tourism capital, but also a window to the entire Africa. The governor stated this recently at the executive chamber, Governor’s office, Calabar,  during the presentation of the Calas Vegas Master Plan by a South African company, Afri-Gon. The governor, who pointed out that the state was known globally for tourism, but with less activities and facilities for the sector to thrive, assured that his administration was building the Calas Vegas in Calabar, as well as the Busafot Resort in Obanliku Local Government Area of the state, to boost tourism. Why National Assembly sealed deal with Buhari ― Lawan According to him: “Today marks the full kickoff of the journey towards the actualisation of the Calas Vegas city. Cross River State is the tourism capital of Nigeria, but lacks the facilities to keep tourists busy. “Today, we are rehabilitating and bringing Obudu Ranch Resort to life again. To also complement the Calas Vegas city we are building in Calabar, we are developing another resort in Obanliku. This project is also the reason I’m building the Obudu Cargo Airport.” NCAC, Cabo Verde Airlines, Ethiopian Airlines, NIHOTOUR… Plateau commences plan for  NAFEST 2020, visits NCAC NCPC takes mandate to next level through innovation TIME Hotels wins big at World Luxury Hotel Awards 2019 Justifying the establishment of the airport, Ayade said “When tourists visit Calas Vegas in Calabar, they will also know they can fly to Obudu to visit the Busofat Resort and from there to the Ranch. With this, they will be activities to sustain tourism across the state and I have no doubt that when completed, the state will have enough traffic.” While extolling Cross River as the most secure, most beautiful and one of the most civilized states in Nigeria, the governor added that “as a very civilized people who have dignity even in poverty, we must work to make the state a window to Africa.” Earlier, while presenting the Calas Vegas master plan, the Chief Executive Officer of Afri-Gon, Eran Goven, promised that the resort, when completed, would be the best in Africa and one of the best in the world. “We have been in communication with the governor to create a city with world-class resorts that will offer something that has never been seen before and will drive tourists back into Nigeria. “We have designed the project to have a world-class golf component where international golf championship can be hosted, the resort will have the biggest swimming pool in the world, standard hotels, bungalow and floating bungalows, billionaire boulevard, among other attractive features,” Goven said. He assured that they would continue to learn from the governor, “who has the vision to ensure that every detail of the project is completed.”  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!