Oyo state governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, former governor of Ondo state, Dr Olusegun Mimiko, and the Olubadan of Ibadan, Oba Saliu Adetunji, has joined eminent personalities in congratulating the staff and the management of Nigerian Tribune on its 70th anniversary. Makinde in a letter he personally signed and titled ‘Tribune@70: Celebrating Awo’s enduring heritage’, described Tribune newspaper as an “unsilenced and irrepressible voice of the Yoruba nation”. Makinde in the letter said: “On behalf of the government and the good people of Oyo state, I felicitate the family of Chief Obafemi Awolowo, the management and staff of African Newspapers of Nigeria (ANN Plc), Publishers of Tribune newspapers on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of our own A pa ma’ku newspaper, with which Oyo state shares many histories. “Tribune has been a glorious and enduring heritage of the patriarch of the Awolowo Dynasty and the most visionary leader to have ever come out of Nigeria, Pa Obafemi Awolowo. “The newspaper has consistently served a good purpose by educating, entertaining and informing our people. It has also taken upon itself the role of the defender of the voiceless at critical times. ALSO READ: PDP could not win Bayelsa, Kogi elections by violence ― APC BREAKING: INEC declares APC’s David Lyon winner of… BREAKING: INEC declares Kogi West Senatorial election rerun… BREAKING: APC scores highest votes as INEC announces final… #BayelsaDecides: Residents in jubilation as APC leads “In seven decades, the Tribune has not only been a strong national newspaper, giving accurate, unbiased and fearless reportage of issues in the body-polity, but it has also been the unsilenced and irrepressible voice of the Yoruba nation. “I wish the Awolowo family, the management and staff of the newspaper greater exploits, more successes and glory in the years ahead.” Dr Mimiko, on his twitter handle ‘@segunmimiko’ commended the entrepreneurial skills and spirit of the founder and management of the Tribune titles that had lasted seven decades as a ‘heritage of honour’. He said: “I join others worldwide to congratulate @nigeriantribune at 70. Its staying power exemplifies a sustainable commitment to sound vision merged with an uncommon entrepreneurial spirit. To many, Tribune is more than a newspaper. It is a heritage of honour.” Oba Adetunji in a statement by his Personal Assistant and Director of Media, Adeola Oloko, wished the oldest surviving newspaper more years in the service to humanity. Oba Adetunji said: “On behalf of the entire good people of Ibadanland wish to join other well-meaning Nigerians to congratulate and felicitate with management and staff of the oldest surviving newspaper in Nigeria, the Tribune titles. Congratulations. We wish you many more years in the service to humanity.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!