The member representing Ikwuano/Umuahia North/South Federal Constituency of Abia State in the House of Representatives, Hon. Samuel Onuigbo has said that his commitment to delivering unparalleled representation for the Constituency remained a task he would pursue to the letter following the Court of Appeal verdict that reaffirmed his election last Friday in Owerri, Imo State. Speaking with newsmen in Abuja on Monday Hon Onuigbo declared that the Verdict of victory had further served as a morale booster to him towards delivering unparalleled representation for the Constituency. According to Onuigbo , “while I saw the many legal tussles initiated to try and steal my victory as mere distractions considering the resounding way my people voted for me, at no point in time did I ever let my foot off the gas in my commitment to delivering unparalleled representation to the great people of Ikwuano/Umuahia North/South “If anything, I became more vocal and more relentless in the pursuit of everything good for my people. It is this remarkable and in-built burning desire for selfless and result-oriented service that the people of our constituency saw in me and largely agreed that I should be re-elected to represent them for a second time. ALSO READ: 91 jailed for rape, defilement in Edo Tribunal upholds election victory for Kolawole, House of… BREAKING: Gunmen abduct two lecturers in Kaduna, demand N5m… 91 jailed for rape, defilement in Edo Reps member condemns burning of SDP secretariat in Kogi ” And as a ranking member of the House of Representatives, I have more opportunities and better experience to do exceedingly great for my people and all of my actions since I set foot on the House of Representatives have been geared towards doing that. Onuigbo said. “Thankfully, this brings to an end the legal distractions. I must now continue to focus on my hallmark of effective and responsive representation. More than ever, I am committed to changing the face of representation in Ikwuano/Umuahia North/South, and I make this promise today, that when we are done, we would have set a standard in representation that shall be the envy of many”. The lawmaker who commended the high level of professionalism displayed by the Judges during the trials declared that if the judgment was to be for the highest bidder he would have lost the case outrightly. According to Onuigbo, ” the actions of the judges, from the Tribunal, to the Appeal Court, are worthy of commendation ” They demonstrated unparalleled professionalism and thoroughness in the way they handled the judgments and showed that the Judiciary, is the hope of the common man “If this was a judgment for the highest bidder, I would have lost, and the hopes of the good people of Ikwuano/Umuahia North/ South Federal Constituency for effective representation dashed” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!