The House of Representatives on Thursday urged Federal Government to lift the embargo placed on employment into Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) and Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) respectively. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon. Mohammed Kazaure, who accused NSCDC authorities of flouting President Muhammadu Buhari’s directive to recruit 10,000 personnel. In his lead debate, Hon. Kazaure further alleged that though over 3 million Nigerians applied for the service, only 5,000 were shortlisted, in breach of the President’s directive and without recourse to the National Assembly. The lawmaker expressed dismay that if urgent actions were not taken, the worrying incidences cases of unemployment in the country, will trigger a crisis and disrupt efforts of the Federal government in the economic sector. “When NSCDC opened its portal, over 3 million people applied to be recruited there, 10, 000 people were approved by the President to be recruited, but only 5,000 people were shortlisted by NSCDC, even in violation of the president’s directive,” the lawmaker said. He argued that most unemployed youths resolved to go into various criminal activities due to the unavailability of jobs across government agencies. On his part, Minority Leader, Hon. Ndudi Elumelu harped on the need for the House to address the issue as an emergency matter. NSCDC boss condemns violence against women Reps, Security agencies call for immediate de-registration… Customs intercept N2.5m fake currency notes, 40 drums of… Border security: AFC to invest $450m for automation of… ALSO READ: Audited accounts: FIRS, NDDC, Amnesty, others ignore Senate Committee Also speaking on the motion, Deputy Minority Leader, Hon. Toby Okechukwu tasked Federal Government to fulfil its promise to employ 100 million Nigerians over the next 10 years. To this end, the House mandated the Committees on Appropriations, Finance, Budget and National Planning and Interior to appropriate adequate funds for the employment of 10,000 Nigerians in the 2020 budget. Also at plenary, the House unveiled plans to investigate the flagrant violations of Nigeria’s labour laws by International Oil Companies operating in the country and the casualisation of Nigerian working in such companies. The resolution was passed following the adoption of a motion sponsored by Chairman, House Committee on Media and Public Affairs, Hon. Benjamin Kalu. The House also tasked Minister of Labour and Employment and other relevant Ministers to immediately address the challenges of exploitation and abuse of workers in the nation’s oil and gas sector. The House also asked the Minister of Labour to provide the House with a performance update and report plans to reform the process of granting and renewing recruiters’ license to Labour contractor as announced in July 2018. In his lead debate, Hon. Kalu argued that the ugly trend of work casualization in the oil and gas sector being promoted by International Oil Companies (IOCs) creates uncertainty of employment for thousands of workers who are constrained to operate under very precarious conditions with near-total denial of the benefits associated with permanent and decent work. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!