Even as Nigeria joins other countries to mark the 2019 World AIDS Day,  Chairperson, Oyo State Agency for the Control of AIDS (OYSACA), Engineer Mrs Tamunominini Makinde said reduced funding is putting Nigeria’s HIV services and advocacy efforts in jeopardy. Makinde, the wife of Oyo State governor, during a press briefing, to mark the 2019 World AIDS Day in Ibadan, said the dwindling funds for HIV services and advocacy efforts started after the expiration of the World Bank support for HIV. Makinde, who spoke through the Executive Secretary, OYSACA, Dr Lanre Abass, said “when SACA was doing well was when we had the World Bank projects going on.” She said Nigerian government needs to look for funds and prioritise HIV response in the country. Feminism: Feat to Fallacy How to tackle mass  failures, errors in English  language… ‘Cancer patients who use alternative medicine more than… Oyetola, Makinde laud UI on research devt According to her, “reduced funding and a shrinking space for civil society are putting the sustainability of HIV services and advocacy efforts in jeopardy. “Greater mobilisation of communities is urgently required to address the barriers that stop communities from delivering services, including restrictions on registration and an absence of social contracting modalities. “The strong advocacy role played by communities is needed now more than ever to ensure that AIDS remains on the political agenda, that human rights are respected and decision-makers, as well as implementers, are held accountable.” Mrs Makinde, therefore, appealed to individuals and philanthropists to partner with government in terms of funding and provision of material resources to fight HIV and AIDS to a halt in the state. The six-day long 2019 World AIDS day, she said will afford opportunities for HIV counselling and testing services, radio and television shows to increase awareness on HIV as well as visits to orphanages in Ibadan and its environ.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!