The Federal Government has commenced the harmonisation of land acquisitions procedures and transfers across the country. This was disclosed by the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Works and Housing, Muhammad Bukar at the on-going 8th Meeting of the National Council on Lands, Housing and Urban Development in Abuja. He explained that the process for harmonisation was to create seamless access to acquiring lands and promote homeownership targeted at low and middle-income earners in the country. ALSO READ: Makinde has not fulfilled promises he made to me ― Lanlehin How a dying man was raised in Adamawa crusade — Bishop Zuga Don’t privatize water sector AUPCTRE, ERA/FoEN appeal… Bayelsa poll: 7 PDP govs, chairman, others storm Yenagoa Lagos fire: Sanwo-Olu visits Balogun market, sympathises… Muhammad Bukar further stated that the Ministry in conjunction with Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria (FMBN) was focusing on rent-to-own or rental purchase scheme and the Cooperative Housing Programme for the construction of mass housing units for interested citizens. He urged participants to brainstorm diligently on issues submitted in the memoranda from states, to present appropriate recommendations to the council. Speaking earlier, the Permanent Secretary of Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA), Chinyeaka Ohaa stressed the need to develop the housing sector to enable Nigerians that wish to own their houses, do so with little or no strain. He noted that the biggest problem to homeownership was lack of financing. He added that the council meeting offered a great opportunity to proffer solutions to the perennial housing deficits in the country and come up with strategies to ensure the availability of credit facilities to those who need them. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.