The Ekiti State Deputy Governor, Otunba Bisi Egbeyemi, has warned members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ado Ekiti Local Government Area against involvement in violence before, during and after the December 7 local government election. The Deputy Governor who made the appeal on Monday while inaugurating nine committees to ensure victory for the party in Ado Ekiti Local Government also urged members to work with unity to ensure achievement of the task. Committees inaugurated at a ceremony held at the APC Local Government Party Secretariat in Odo Ado, Ado Ekiti included Elder Advisory Council, Contact, Mobilisation, Finance, Security, Logistics, Media and Publicity, among others. Egbeyemi, who emerged as chairman, Elders’ Advisory Council, explained that the administration of Governor Kayode Fayemi would create a level playing ground for all parties that would participate in the council election. ALSO READ: Kidnap: Abductors of Ondo driver demand N5m ransom  Cattle Dealers kick over multiple taxation, harassment Kwara customs generates N1.27b, seized goods worth N25.4m in… N14bn NEPZA diverted funds to NSEZCO still with CBN ― Trade… Our 2020 budget, renewal of hope ― Bauchi commissioner He said: “There should be no fight, maintain peace and give room for members of other parties to participate in the election. The Governor has warned that there should be no fight and pandemonium during the elections.” The Deputy Governor stressed that the primary elections have come and gone noting that party members should now work for the victory of chairmanship and councillorship candidates in the December 7 poll. Expressing satisfaction about the primary election that produced the candidates for the council election, Egbeyemi noted that administration of local government remains a veritable platform for meeting the yearnings of party members at the grassroots. The Deputy Governor admonished members to shun rumours and rebellion that can cause disunity and disaffection among members of the party. The APC Chairman in Ado Ekiti Local Government, Mr Mike Akinleye, maintained that there is no faction in the party, described the task before party members as achievable and possible if they are united. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.