The House of Representatives committee on Air Force has described as unfortunate the ugly incident involving an Air Force training helicopter which crashed in Enugu on Thursday. Chairman, House Committee on Air Force, Hon. Shehu Koko, in a press statement, however, thanked God that no life was lost and assured of the House of Representatives determination “to investigate the remote cause of the ugly incident to avoid future reoccurrence.” According to him, “the House Committee on Airforce upon hearing the sad incident that occurred on the 14th of November involving a Training Nigeria Airforce Helicopter Crash in Enugu State wishes to thank God that no life was lost.” According to an official post on the NAF Twitter handle, “a training helicopter belonging to the Nigerian Air Force had crashed in Enugu State after returning from a routine exercise.” The report stated that the crash occurred on Thursday with some casualties, even as the cause of the incident is still unknown. The tweet reads: “NAF helicopter suffers mishap upon landing in Enugu. “Helicopter has crashed on landing in Enugu after a routine flight today. Fortunately, there were no fatalities or injuries to any crewmember or persons on the ground. Kano ‘chip whip’: DSS, FRSC burst fake number… #KogiDecides2019 process peaceful so far ― Wada, PDP… #BayelsaDecides: Sylva, Lyon commend INEC for early arrival… Group congratulates Fatoyinbo, advises Busola not to appeal… ALSO READ: #KogiDecides2019 process peaceful so far ― Wada, PDP candidate “@CAS_AMSadique has directed that a board of inquiry be constituted to determine the cause of the accident. “@NigAirForce continues to solicit the understanding and support of the general public as it daily strives to ensure the security of Nigeria and Nigerians,” the tweets read. Hon. Koko said: “however, as members of parliament, particularly the House of Representatives committee on Air Force is disturbed that such incident occurred at a time when the Air Force had assured the Parliament and the nation that the force was fully prepared to take on insecurity head-on and bring an end to it in collaboration with other sister agencies. “The Committee which has pledged its full support under the leadership of the Speaker Rt. Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila is deeply saddened about this unfortunate situation. “We, therefore, invite the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar to brief the Committee on the immediate and remote causes of the crash. “The date for the interface shall be communicated through the Secretariat in due course,” Hon. Koko explained. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!