Gov. Inuwa Yahaya of Gombe State has urged workers to shun corrupt practices and re-dedicate themselves to their duties for the overall development of the state. Yahaya made the call while declaring open the 2019 Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria(ASCSN) workshop, with the theme: “Towards a corrupt-free public service”, in Gombe on Wednesday. “Corruption impedes development and reduces the capacity of a nation to banish poverty and improve the well-being of its citizens,” he said. ALSO READ: ABUAD seeks MoU with Nigerian Army on enrollment Yahaya, represented by the Permanent Secretary, General Duties, Mr Usman Shamaki, said that the negative impact of corruption necessitated the establishment of anti-corruption agencies in the country. Police recover NDE stolen vehicle in Niger Republic Olore “torture centre” not approved by govt as correctional… Revenue generation: N7.5% increase tax bill scales second… Makinde has not fulfilled promises he made to me ― Lanlehin He said the best way to curb corruption was to appeal to people’s consciences and raise their consciousness to the evil inherent in the scourge. “Leadership at all levels must ensure good governance that promotes accountability, transparency and peoples oriented programmes. “With good governance, available resources can be effectively managed in response to critical needs of the society,” he said. He urged the participants to proffer solutions to reoccurring cases of corruption in the public service. The governor also called on relevant anti-corruption agencies to embark on massive enlightenment campaigns to canvass for attitudinal change among Nigerians. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.