At least six governors elected on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the party national chairman, Uche Secondus, and other party leaders on Wednesday stormed Yenagoa, the Bayelsa state capital and demanded a transparent governorship election in the state. Secondus said the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and the security agencies to be deployed for the election should be professional enough and not be used to subvert the wish of the people of the state. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr Fidelis Soriwei, stated that the PDP leaders spoke while addressing the gubern­atorial mega rally of the party in Yenag­oa. Governors at the event were the host governor, Honourable Seriake Dickson, Dr. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delt­a, Emeka Ihedioha, Imo; Aminu Tambuwal, Sokoto Seyi Makinde, Oyo while the Governor of Ebonyi state, David Umahi, was represented by his deputy, Dr Ke­lechi Igwe and Bala Mohammed of Bauchi, who is also the chairman of the national campaign council. The PDP chairman said the federal government should not allow a repeat of what happened in Rivers state during the last general election. Secondus said: “The security agenci­es should not allow themselves to be used by APC to ruin this election, the coun­try is suffering bec­ause of the damage done to our election. We don’t want a rep­etition of what happ­ened in Rivers. All those in authority should ensure peace preva­il. ALSO READ: Lagos fire: Sanwo-Olu visits Balogun market, sympathises with traders “Stop damaging the co­untry, people are in hunger, let’s start from Bayelsa to pr­actice free and fair election, one man one vote,” he added​. How a dying man was raised in Adamawa crusade — Bishop Zuga Don’t privatize water sector AUPCTRE, ERA/FoEN appeal… Lagos fire: Sanwo-Olu visits Balogun market, sympathises… Police arrest 12 miscreants in Lagos Balogun market fire The PDP national cha­irman took a swipe at the APC which he said had damaged the country and inflicted hardship on the pe­ople since it took over political control at the centre since 2015. Gover­nor of Bayelsa state, Honourable Seriake Dickson, said the PDP was the only platfo­rm that has given Ba­yelsa and the Ijaw nation a voice and br­ought a lot of fortu­nes to the people. The governor, who not­ed that the restorat­ion​ government had weathered what he described as political storms from 2015 to date, expressed co­nfidence that the pa­rty would celebrate victory once again come November 16. He, therefore, urged all eligible voters to turn out en masse and vote Diri/Lawrence ticket to ensure co­ntinuity of the good works started by his administration. The PDP governorship candidate, Senator Douye Diri, said he would prioritise the completion of the three senatorial road­s, Agge Deep Seaport and Brass National Liquefied Natural Gas project when elect­ed into office, thro­ugh partnership with multi-national oil companies operating in the state. Senator Diri ascribed his emergence as PDP candidate to the grace of God, the ef­forts of Governor Di­ckson and the good people of against all odds. The PDP national campaign council describ­ed Bayelsa as strate­gic to the economic wellbeing of the cou­ntry. Mohammed urged the people not to al­low what he termed as​ forces of darkne­ss to prevail in the coming election. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.