Nigeria’s first-ever entry for the Oscars, “Lionheart,” has been disqualified by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for having too much dialogue in English. Directed by and starring Genevieve Nnaji, “Lionheart” has earned strong reviews from critics and performed well in cinemas worldwide. “Lionheart” was nominated in the Oscar category of the Best International Feature Film category. “Lionheart” was one of 10 African films officially submitted for Oscar consideration this year, a record for the continent. With the disqualification, the number of films in contention for the award has dropped from 93 to 92. The academy’s decision, which was communicated via email to Oscar voters, was first reported by The Wrap. The Academy’s criteria for best international feature film category states that it awards film’s made outside the United States with a predominantly non-English dialogue. The film is still eligible to be considered in other Oscar categories. This isn’t the first time the academy has disqualified a foreign film from consideration for having too much English dialogue. Most recently the 2015 Afghan film “Utopia” and the 2007 Israeli movie “The Band’s Visit” were disqualified for the same reason. ALSO READ: UK parliament to elect new Speaker for Brexit hot seat This action has sparked different reactions from prominent individuals in Hollywood. Director Ava DuVernay tweeted her dismay, stating that English is the official language of Nigeria. To @TheAcademy, You disqualified Nigeria’s first-ever submission for Best International Feature because its in English. But English is the official language of Nigeria. Are you barring this country from ever competing for an Oscar in its official language? https://t.co/X3EGb01tPF — Ava DuVernay (@ava) November 4, 2019  Genevieve Nnaji tweeted in response to the academy’s decision that her movie “represents the way we speak as Nigerians. This includes English, which acts as a bridge between the 500+ languages spoken in our country. … We did not choose who colonized us. As ever, this film and many like it is proudly Nigerian.” 1/1 1/2 Thank you so much @ava.  I am the director of Lionheart. This movie represents the way we speak as Nigerians. This includes English which acts as a bridge between the 500+ languages spoken in our country; thereby making us #OneNigeria. @TheAcademy https://t.co/LMfWDDNV3e — Genevieve Nnaji MFR (@GenevieveNnaji1) November 4, 2019  2/2 It’s no different to how French connects communities in former French colonies. We did not choose who colonized us. As ever, this film and many like it, is proudly Nigerian. @TheAcademy https://t.co/LMfWDDNV3e — Genevieve Nnaji MFR (@GenevieveNnaji1) November 4, 2019   Lionheart has been disqualified from the Oscar. Reason: A Nigerian movie should not have so much English. Mind you, we were colonized by this same English people, English is our official language. This right here is BS! And it's discriminatory. — Mazi Efam™ #SantaInIbadan (@iefamharris) November 5, 2019   The Academy has disqualified “Lionheart” from the Oscars for Best International Feature Film because it’s mostly in English, which violates the rules that entries in the category must have predominantly non-English dialogue. Still a very good movie but “the rules are the rules”. —  DaddyMo  (@therealdaddymo1) November 5, 2019  @Samirasawlani said, “Lionheart was today disqualified from the Oscar’s Best Intl Film because it is mostly in English. “Nigeria was colonised by the Brits. English is an official language in the country. You really can’t win with this lot. Quite literally cannot win.” @Comemare said, “This category is for films that are in predominantly other languages, not English. Since your film is mostly in English, it can compete in all the other major categories, along with other English language films from Australia, Canada, Ireland, UK, etc. No one excluded your film.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!