The Director-General, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Brig. Gen. Shuaibu Ibrahim, has warned corps members against defacing the NYSC uniform. Ibrahim, in a statement issued, on Wednesday, in Umuahia, gave the warning when he paid an unscheduled visit to the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp, in Umunna. According to the statement signed by Mr Omaka Nnachi, the Public Relations Officer of NYSC, Abia, the DG warned that severe punishment would be meted out to anyone who defaced the uniform. Addressing the prospective corps members during their registration, the NYSC boss said: “Our uniform is our brand. As such, you must dress properly.’’ ALSO READ: Police rescue kidnapped three-year-old girl in Anambra Police recover NDE stolen vehicle in Niger Republic Olore “torture centre” not approved by govt as correctional… Revenue generation: N7.5% increase tax bill scales second… Makinde has not fulfilled promises he made to me ― Lanlehin Ibrahim also cautioned them against embarking on unauthorized journeys, saying, “it is what kills our corps members most. It is not insecurity but death as a result of road traffic accidents.’’ “If you want to travel within Nigeria, it is only the state coordinator that can permit you. If you apply and it’s not granted, stay put. “If you want to travel outside the country, it is only the DG that can approve your journey, if not granted, don’t move an inch. The Army General, who went around the camp for inspection, commended the state coordinator, Mrs Bona Fasakin, for bringing newness to the camp kitchen. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.