In a gesture of goodwill intended to engender quality education, the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) has donated educational materials to schools in the south-south and south-east geopolitical zones. Schools in Imo, Rivers, Anambra, and Abia states benefited from the materials, which included desktop and laptops computers, uninterrupted power supply (UPS) systems, white boards, exercise books, pens, pencils, white board pens, scientific calculators, and textbooks for English, Mathematics, Biology, Chemistry, Physics, and Economics. Director-General of NIMASA, Dr Dakuku Peterside, said the donations were in line with the agency’s Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiative to encourage educational excellence and stimulate national development. Senator Ubah calls for sustainable peace in Anambra… Support Nigeria culture, tradition to promote peace ―… Why Nigerians should no longer travel abroad for orthopaedic… IYC urges Lyon to include opposition in his govt Dakuku, who was represented by the head, planning, research, and data management Services, NIMASA, Mrs. Ronke Thomas, stated that, “We are making these donations to encourage learning and excellence in our education system, which will ultimately inspire development. “We also intend to encourage students to build a career in maritime and help to drive the on-going efforts to unlock the vast potential of Nigeria’s blue economy. “Though a few schools have been selected for this educational support exercise, which is being conducted simultaneously across the six geopolitical zones of the country. More schools will be benefitting from this gesture in the near future.” The benefiting schools were Okrika Grammar School, Okrika; Community Secondary School, Opobo; RoyalCourt School, Rumuekini; Community Secondary School, Ubima; Umuariam Secondary Technical School, Umuariam; Abayi Girls Secondary School; and Modebe Secondary School, Onitsha. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!