THE Gbagi Foundation, a non-governmental organization, has set up a N6, 000, 000 Scholarship Endowment Fund for 500 Nigerian students at Edwin Clark University, Kiagbodo, Delta State. Justice (Mrs) Sybil Gbagi, wife of former Minister for Education (State), Olorogun Kenneth Gbagi, who is chair, Board of Trustees of Gbagi Foundation, presented a N6 million bank draft for the take-off of the scheme at the first convocation ceremony of the institution, weekend to the  Vice-Chancellor, Prof Timothy Olagbemiro at Kiagbodo. She explained: “For the first tranche, the Board has resolved to grant 500 scholarships,  broken down as follows – All the states of the Federation of Nigeria will have 25 slots for a total of 25 students, Oginibu, native land of Olorogun Gbagi will have 50 slots for a total of 50 students. “Ughelli South, home local government area of Gbagi will be entitled to 50 slots for a total of 50 students, Delta Central, South and North senatorial district will have 50 slots each for a total of 150 students ALSO READ: Publish evidence of my wrongdoing or shut up, Jonathan tells Lamido Delta 2023: Gbagi declares interest in succeeding Okowa Group condemns Ogboru over attack on Gbagi I’m an Urhobo man, Obasanjo declares Commending the Chancellor and Founder of the university, Chief Edwin Clark on whose impeccable ideals Gbagi Foundation Support Fund for Edwin Clark University is anchors, she stated that as Minister, Olorogun Gbagi “was very instrumental to the revolutionary wave that swept across the Nigerian education sector at the time.” According to her, “Prompted by his passion, visionary leadership and high premium for qualitative education as a Minister, Olorogun Gbagi single-handedly pushed for the establishment of over 13 Universities, Polytechnics, Colleges of Education and several Secondary Schools across the country, a feat unheard of in the entire history of Nigeria and to which this great institution is a beneficiary today.” Justice Gbagi revealed that Olorogun Gbagi,  who is not only a member of the Board of Trustees of Edwin Clark University, but also a son of Senator Clark, “has  through the Gbagi Foundation, sponsored and still continues to sponsor Deltans particularly, and Nigerians generally, at different levels and strata of learning within and outside the country. “In the actualization and effective utilization of this Fund, the Foundation will liaise with the Vice-Chancellor, the University’s Accountant and/or other such nominees of the University and my humble self to formulate and implement a workable action plan for effective implementation,” she added. Vice-chancellor of Edwin Clark University, Prof. Olagbemiro, who received the bank draft, urged successful Nigerians to imitate the philanthropic gesture of Olorogun Gbagi in contributing to the sustainable development of education and the Nigerian youths. He commended Olorogun Gbagi for his philanthropy, especially towards the course of education, the youths and the underprivileged, assuring that the institution would judiciously put the fund to use. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!