SOME of the 1,803 civil and public servants of Oyo State dismissed or compulsorily retired by the immediate past administration have held a special prayer session over Governor Seyi Makinde’s assurance of reabsorbing them into service. At the prayer session held at Oyo State headquarters of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), for about an hour, the affected workers met, each prayer point for God’s intervention in their case with loud sounds of ‘Amen.’ According to the coordinator of the indicted workers, Mr Olasunkanmi Hassan, the prayer session stemmed from growing apprehension of the affected workers that their fate remained hanging five weeks after the committee that on Dismissal/Retirement of Civil Servants between 2011 and 2019 had submitted its report to Governor Seyi Makinde. Speaking at the NLC house, Hassan said the affected workers had regularised their certificates and appealed to Makinde to consider them for a return to service. ALSO READ:  Sen Abdullahi bows to pressure, to remove death penalty in proposed… Patrol team did not chase car involved in Ibadan accident ―… Oyo govt appoints Adibi as OYSSAA DG Tribune@70: Tribune never wavered in defence of democracy ―… Makinde flags off re-awarded Moniya-Iseyin road While praying for God’s favour, he said the workers held on to Makinde’s assurance during the campaign and at the submission of the investigative panel report that their quest for reabsorption will be yielded too soon. It would be recalled that during the October 16 submission of the committee report, Makinde had set a four weeks time for implementation and expressed his resolve to implement recommendations of the committee to ensure that innocent civil and public servants were not wrongfully dismissed or retired. “During the campaign of Engineer Seyi Makinde, he promised that if elected as governor, he will look into our matter which he did. He set up a committee which screened us and submitted a report. During the submission of the report, Governor Seyi Makinde asked us to give him four weeks and then we will be reabsorbed. “We believe the process is ongoing so we converged here to have a special prayer for God’s to lead the governor aright. “We believe the governor will keep to his words. I was at the office of the Head of Service three days ago and we were told to wait a bit more than a white paper will soon be released,” Hassan said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!