President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has called on State Houses of Assembly to seek mutual cooperation with their governors without subordinating themselves to them. He said such a warm relationship was imperative to avoid power tussle which he noted was inimical to the development of the states. He made the appeal while receiving in his office Speakers of State Houses of Assembly led by Speaker of Delta State House of Assembly, Honourable Sheriff Oborevwori who came on a courtesy visit. Lawan said such mutual respect would not in any way compromise the independence of the State assemblies. He said:” If we have to take the lead in nation-building or in building our states, we have to also understand that we have to work together as cordially as possible. “We should work on a relationship that is based on mutual respect for the Executive and the Legislature whether at the national level or at the state level. “We should have a relationship that is characterized by consultations and partnerships. Once we are able to establish that relationship either at the state or national level, we benefit immensely. “It does not help anyone when the relationship is largely characterized by rancour, animosity, suspicion and unwarranted fight between the two arms of government.” ALSO READ: Two die, 17 vehicles burnt in petrol tanker accident in Ogun Lawan said his understanding of the relationship between the Executive and Legislature was that of interdependence. PCN closes 577 pharmacies, medicine stores in Anambra ADP charges INEC, IGP on free, fair poll in Kogi, Bayelsa Two die, 17 vehicles burnt in petrol tanker accident in Ogun Gombe gov visits UN Headquarters, seeks support in areas of… Lawan said the two arms of government need each other and neither of them could do without the other. “So without allowing yourselves to be subjugated, you still must ensure that you work together with the Executive arm of government in your states to produce legislation that will change the lives of the people.” He also called for sustained interaction between the federal and state lawmakers to exchange ideas on how to support one another. “It does not help anyone when the relationship is largely characterized by rancour, animosity, suspicion and unwarranted fight between the two arms of government.” Lawan said his understanding of the relationship between the Executive and Legislature is that of interdependence. “So without allowing yourselves to be subjugated, you still must ensure that you work together with the Executive arm of government in your states to produce legislation that will change the lives of the people.” Responding to a request for the Senate President intervention with regards to the financial autonomy of the state legislature, Lawan assured them that he would seek an audience with the Nigerian Governors Forum. Spokesman for the delegation, Hon. Sheriff Oborevwori expressed concerns that the state Executive was yet to give effect to the issue of the financial autonomy of the state legislature. Oborevwori urged the Senate President to help them take the issue up with the President for possible issuance of the executive order. The Senate President, however, said the question of the executive order would not be necessary because it is a constitutional matter which should be complied with by the state authorities. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!