MARKET women in Oyo State under the auspices of State Market Leaders Advisory Council, on Tuesday, staged a rally to State Secretariat, Ibadan, where they expressed solidarity with the Governor Seyi Makinde administration. Led by Mrs Iyadunni Lawal, the market women urged Makinde to remain unperturbed about the forthcoming Supreme court ruling on the March 9, 2019 governorship election in Oyo State. Speaking, Lawal said Makinde’s emergence as governor was destined by God and the people’s choice. She particularly said market women, house owners among other residents of the state were direct beneficiaries of the Makinde’s administration’s prompt payment of salaries. The rally afforded Lawal the opportunity to ask the Makinde government to consider the welfare of market women as a priority by providing them financial support. Malami charges IOCs to settle $62bn debt to FG Jonathan was not blackmailed over Bayelsa poll ― Presidency Senate mulls creation of agency for erosion prevention,… Obsolete infrastructure, population growth affect supply of… ALSO READ:  UN pledges support to fight against corruption, insecurity in Nigeria This is as she urged Makinde to approve of their selection of Babaloja and Iyaloja of Oyo State. Addressing the gathering, Makinde said contrary to the stance of the opposition, he had no reason to stage rallies or protests because residents of the state voted overwhelmingly for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Makinde described as unbelievable positions that the PDP rigged itself into power, noting that residents of the state out of their freewill voted out the All Progressives Congress (APC). He consequently urged the opposition to wait till the 2023 election to challenge the PDP than hope to claim his 2019 mandate. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!