The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon Femi Gbajabiamila on Tuesday assured that the House was ready to partner with the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN) on the budget and other relevant bills. Speaking when he hosted the national leadership of ICAN who paid him a courtesy call in Abuja, the Speaker said the House recognised the professionalism in ICAN and would be willing to have more engagements with it. According to him, “the House will always seek to collaborate with professional bodies, and of course, the accounting profession is one of the most important professions. Your inputs are needed in our work”. Hon Gbajabiamila, who noted that he always admires accountants, said: “we’re always on the lookout to encourage partnership. Governance is for everybody. There has to be a symbiotic relationship. We always look forward to partnering with you, especially on budget matters.” Speaking on ICAN accountability index, Hon Gbajabiamila said he would like more briefing on that “so that I’ll share it with the leadership and the finance committee. ALSO READ: Senators angry as IGP, AGF, SGF shun public hearing YABATECH products remain worthy ambassadors ― ICAN Millions of Nigerians suffering because of corruption ―… ICAN to collaborate with Kwara, EFCC, NFIU on… Technology will help rebuild trust in the accounting… According to him, ” whatever you think we can make your work easier, you can approach us. You can’t talk about accounting without talking about the ethics of the profession. There are bad eggs in every profession. So, we need you to brief us on how to help you. If there’s any way you want us to help you, please do not hesitate.” Responding to the issue of fragmentation of ICAN, the Speaker said: “That has always been there. It’s the same accountants that will approach you to convince you to have other associations. I believe that too many cooks sometimes spoil the broth. We’ll do our best to protect you as well.” The ICAN President, Mazi Nnamdi Okwuadigbo, had earlier told the Speaker that the visit was to congratulate him and inform him of ICAN’s activities, saying the 9th House has shown serious commitment to move Nigeria forward. “We thank Mr Speaker for finding time to grant us this audience. This is a clear demonstration of respect and premium you place on professionalism. We also want to congratulate you on your emergence as Speaker. This is an indication of your competence as a ranking lawmaker. We pray that the Almighty God will guide and protect you in this journey. “We note with delight the commitment of the 9th House and your cordial relationship with the Executive and judicial arms of government. We urge the House to continue to encourage the passage of bills that will encourage professionalism.” He expressed concern that some other bodies would make attempts to “fragment and balkanize” “. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!