The National Groundnut Producers Processors and Marketers Association of Nigeria (NGROPPMAN), has commended plans by the Federal Government to increase groundnut output to about 17.5 million metric tonnes by the end of 2025. The President of the association, Aimu Foni, who spoke with journalists at the end of a stakeholders’s meeting in Abuja, said it had become necessary for a drastic action to be taken on groundnut to restore its past glory. He noted that the projection of 17.5 million metric tonnes, was part of the objectives of a groundnut draft policy currently under review by relevant stakeholders. BREAKING: Property destroyed as petrol tanker catches fire at Abesan Estate in Lagos He said when approved by the Federal Executive Council (FEC) the policy would go a long way in boosting groundnut production and repositioning other value chains within the sub sector. According to him, part of the plans by government is to improve groundnut yield to 4.9 metric tonnes per hectare by the end of 2025. “The objective of the draft policy, which is still under review, is to improve groundnut production and  make it a major source of revenue generation for government. “The policy when approved will further tackle the problem of training and extension services, which are critical to agricultural development. “Also, the document will help with risk management, marketing as well as competitiveness to ensure robust domestic consumption and high quality export,” he said. The president decried that despite being the largest groundnut producing country in Africa, the industry is grossly undeveloped in Nigeria. He added that, compared to the days of groundnut pyramid, Nigeria is no where with regard to export of the commodity. He said the sub sector had been bedevilled with several challenges including lack of credit, contamination and poor input. NDE begins agriculture empowerment programme in Rivers Ogun govt partners FG on sustainable food security FG, GIZ restate commitment to Nigeria’s food security TOPAN to train 1,000 young farmers in tomato production Foni noted that when harnessed, groundnut would contribute greatly to revenue generation, increase foreign exchange and create job opportunity for the unemployed. He said, “the association’s expectation of the ministry is to supervise, advice and timely transfer whatever is available from government to the association, including new technologies and provision of input that can assist in improving productivity.” He noted that, as part of the association’s commitment to repositioning the sub sector, it would meet on Nov. 13 to conclude on the election of its executive members. Mr Usman Abdulrasak, Vice President of the association representing North West Zone in a separate interview, said the association was determined to see to resuscitation of the sub sector. He expressed concern that the productivity witnessed in groundnut production in the 80s was completely lost. He, however expressed optimism that with the groundnut policy underway, the subsector would be repositioned to cater to the needs of Nigerians, particularly in terms of job creation. Mr Adeniyi Adebayo, Secretary General of the association, said there was a renewed vigour by relevant stakeholders to take the groundnut subsector to the next level. “We met to see how to contribute meaningfully to the new groundnut policy. As you know, we are into production, processing and marketing as a sub sector and the draft policy is focused on  these areas. In terms of production, it dwells on how the lives of groundnut farmers will be improved. “Most times when there is excess production, farmers are often left to bear their losses as they sell their produce at give away prices,” he said. Adebayo expressed hope that when adopted by stakeholders and sent by the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development to FEC, it would be approved.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!