NIGERIA lost 80 million dollars –an equivalent of 28.8 billion naira- in the last two farming seasons due to the lull in the export of Hibiscus flower (zobo), the director-general of the Nigeria Agricultural Quarantine Service (NAQS), Dr. Vincent Isegbe, has said. In a chat with journalists on Thursday in his office in Abuja, Dr Isegbe lamented that ‘’the lingering ban on export of the product to Mexico, the largest importer of Nigerian hibiscus, has had effect of freezing one of Nigeria’s most significant foreign revenue streams in the agricultural sector.’’ He explained that Mexico suspended the import of Hibiscus flowers from Nigeria in 2017 on account of the presence of a storage pest in some cargoes which originated from Nigeria. Since then, NAQS, which is the lead agency responsible for facilitating international trade in Nigerian agricultural commodities, has been working hard to reopen the gateway of the Mexican market to Nigerian Hibiscus business as soon as possible. Nigerians and the burden of religion ITUC-Africa holds congress in Abuja Orin-Ekiti: How herdsmen destroyed our multi-million naira… Socio-economic crisis, bane of crime and criminality… “We are desperate to achieve the resumption of export to our largest Hibiscus trading partner. Thousands of jobs are at stake too. We have developed a work plan in consultation with relevant stakeholders across the value chain (namely, Hibiscus farmers, suppliers, transporters and cleaners) to serve as a pathway to regaining Nigerian access to the Mexican market. “This work plan aims to get everyone on the same page in the interest of achieving industry-wide compliance with the applicable export grade standards for Hibiscus,” he said. Dr. Isegbe disclosed that the implementation of the work plan stands at 90 per cent. He called on all stakeholders to rally round NAQS to push the work plan to the finish line. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!