Kwara State Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq has congratulated the Muslim world on the birth anniversary of Prophet Muhammad (Maulud-u-nabyy), calling it an event that reshaped human history. AbdulRazaq said the anniversary of the Prophet’s birth is an opportunity to reflect on his message of love and unity to humanity. “His birth and rise to prophethood 40 years after altered the course of human history forever. Like his brother prophets and messengers, the Prophet epitomised the best of character,” AbdulRazaq said in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary Rafiu Ajakaye on Monday. ALSO READ: Buhari promises sustained funding of trans-Saharan highways My commitment to delivering unparalleled representation… Tribunal upholds election victory for Kolawole, House of… BREAKING: Gunmen abduct two lecturers in Kaduna, demand N5m… 91 jailed for rape, defilement in Edo “He heralded the sort of sociopolitical transformations never seen in history and upset oppressive regimes as he campaigned to restore human dignity and man’s relationship with God. “On this occasion of the Prophet’s birth anniversary, I call the attention of every Kwaran and Nigerian to the noble message of Prophet Muhammad — a message of peace, piety, truth, unity and the universal brotherhood of man. Back home in Kwara, the challenges of development are so enormous and daunting that we must shun every antic that seeks to pull us apart as a people on the basis of religion or tribe. “As our administration gradually implements various strategies to tackle hunger and lack of basic amenities to build a 21st century state, the least that is expected from any quarter or group of individuals is any action, message or innuendoes capable of raising tension and diverting attention from the common challenge of underdevelopment or our resolve to build a Kwara where no one is left behind. “Our message on the occasion of this Maulid nabiyy, therefore, is for everyone to contribute their own quota to build a human community united by the belief in and love of God, accommodation of differences, and collective efforts to make life worth living for fellow human beings. These, in our opinion, were what the Prophet lived for.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!