The Bill & Melinda Gate Foundation in collaboration with Dangote Group is partnering the Nasarawa State Government with a view to providing effective healthcare services to the people of the state. This was contained in a press statement signed by Yakubu Lamai, the Director-General, strategic communication and press affairs to Governor Abdulahi Sule of the state, and made available to pressmen in Lafia. According to the statement, a two-day tripartite round-table meeting of Bill & Melinda Gate Foundation, Dangote Group and the Nasarawa State Government in Washington, United States of America, where the trio, along with other twelve state Governors’ from Nigeria are engaged in extensive solution-based learning and discussion on the new model to improve primary healthcare in their respective States. ALSO READ: Air Peace takes delivery of another plane, wins company of the year award 13 people including two children die in Lagos-Ibadan… BREAKING: Lagos PDP elects new executive despite restraining… Reps wade into lingering management crisis rocking NDDC Kwara holds open bid for construction of 26 urban roads The statement added that the Seattle meeting was part of the commitment of the development partners to help Nasarawa State actualise Nigeria’s vision to accelerate Human Capital Development (HCD) by 2030. “Has a health-centred agenda which is in sync with the focus of the Abdullahi Sule administration to sustain collaboration with Public Spirited Organizations, Development Partners and other Healthcare Givers towards effective delivery of healthcare services and implementation of Primary Healthcare under One Roof in Nasarawa State. “The meeting is built upon improving Health, Nutrition and Education especially for children under the age of 5 years old, with a target to reduce childhood stunted growth to 22% by 2030, whilst providing equitable access to affordable quality healthcare for every Nigerian. “Governor Sule, along with other twelve state governors, hopes to come up with a template on health and human capital development that is rural area-driven, focused and sustainable,” the statement said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!