The third Federal Government – Progressives Governors’ Forum Parley on Policy Synergy is scheduled to hold on Monday, in Jos, Plateau State. According to a statement signed by the Director-General, PGF, Salihu Moh. Lukman the theme of this year interactive session is “Strengthening Public Service Delivery.” Lukman said the aim would be to facilitate the development of a commonly shared service delivery framework for local governments, effective oversight from States and synergy with the Federal governments that would reposition the local governments for excellent public service delivery to achieve the fundamental goals of local governance. President Muhammadu Buhari will be the Special Guest of Honour at the event which will have the 19 Progressive Governors, Principal Officers of National Assembly, APC Ministers of Internal Affairs, Transport, Education, Humanitarian Affairs and Minister of State for Health in attendance. Buhari in closed-door meeting with APC governors 2019: APC governors to meet president Buhari BREAKING: Buhari in meeting with APC governors ALSO READ: FRSC Oyo inducts 303 Special Marshals Other participants expected are EFCC Chairman, Director, Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit, Executive Secretary, Universal Basic Education Commission (UBE), Executive Secretary, National Primary Healthcare Development Agency (NPHDA) and many other government functionaries invited from the 19 APC controlled states. The statement further revealed that the “Parley will focus on five key areas: Internal Security, Education, Transport, Health and Social Investment. Accordingly, the Ministers of Internal Affairs, Transport, Education, State for Health and Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management will make presentations at the parley. Some agencies under the above ministries like Primary Health Care Development Agency, Universal Basic Education Commission, Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit and Economic and Financial Crimes Commission will join the ministers to highlight priority issues to be considered as components of the commonly shared service delivery framework for local governments in all APC states. ” It noted that at the end of the FG – PGF Parley, some understanding will emerge on required actions needed to institute commonly shared service delivery framework for local governments, which will influence programmatic relations between FG and APC states in the area of strengthening local governance.” Some new initiatives that APC states can act upon towards instituting new efficient management models would also emerge for Forum’s further consideration and approval. “ SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!