Ikorodu Local Government of Lagos State has commenced repair and palliative works on some community roads in the council area. The Council Chairman, Mr Wasiu Adesina, told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) during an inspection of the road works on Monday that the intervention would reduce accidents and ease the movement of motorists. The council boss said that the first phase of the road repairs would be carried out at Ota-Ona, Sheriff, Itunmoja, Sabo and Ladega, while the second phase would commence at Agbele Grammar School area. “It is important to improve the state of our roads; we intend to do more than 15 roads. We are starting from Ota-Ona to Igbe junction, from Sheriff to Ita-Elewa, from Ota-Ona to Itunmoja with Ladega and so on. “After that, we will move to Agbele Grammar School where we will do the grading of the road and filling of potholes as the second phase. ALSO READ: No one can force telecoms operators to reduce data cost ― ATCON Kogi, Bayelsa elections: Gombe gov congratulates Yahaya… Tension as 500 workers face sack in Ekiti varsity Tension as 500 workers face sack in Ekiti varsity No one can force telecoms operators to reduce data cost ―… “We pray the weather is friendly so we can do more repairs,” Adesina said. According to the chairman, the major problem contributing to the bad road is indiscriminate dumping of refuse inside drains. He also warned car wash owners to create proper channels for water to pass through, instead of allowing it onto the roads, thus contributing to the deplorable state roads. “In the night, drivers will park and urinate or defecate beside their vehicles; some will even come with heaps of refuse and dump it at the roadside. “Whenever you get to motor parks, you will find the whole areas smelling with bad odours,” he said. He called on Ikorodu residents to continue to support his administration to enable him fulfill his election promises, adding that the council was poised to ensuring the community enjoyed dividends of democracy. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!