President of Senate, Dr Ahmad Lawan has said legislative compliance by ministries, departments and agencies will be given a boost through oversight function by legislators in the Ninth Assembly. He said compliance will ensure programmes are in conformity with the laws and resolutions of the Senate for the effective and efficient administration of the country. Lawan made this known at the 2019 legislative conference in Abuja on Monday where he was represented by the Senate Committee Chairman on Legislative Compliance, Senator Oriolowo Adeyemi. The theme of the conference is “Strengthening the Legislature for Effective Oversight Function”. ALSO READ: Why we won’t accept Kogi West senatorial result ― PDP leaders Lawan said the Senate Committee on Legislative Compliance will begin weekly publication of motions and laws passed by the national assembly alongside it would be the compliance report. He pointed out that one of the major issues militating against the progress of the country was the non-compliance to laws made by the legislature but this he hoped would be overcome by regular monitoring. “It is observed that the key factor militating against progress in Nigeria is neither paucity of funds nor dearth of laws, but non-compliance with statutory requirements especially at implementation. “Most of the problems we are having is as a result of non-compliance with the laws. There is no request before Senate for Magu’s confirmation ―… Lawan congratulates Bello, Bayelsa gov-elect National Assembly members not elected to fight Buhari ―… National Assembly members working for Nigeria’s… “There are a lot of laws and resolutions that have been passed by the National Assembly but non-compliance has been the cause of our problem. “The issue of compliance is germane to the strengthening of our oversight function.” He said the parameters for assessing the performance of the legislature was the number of bills produced, laws enacted and motions passed. He also noted that the petitions resolved a number of the investigation carried out and reports by the various committees as part of the parameters. According to him, the conference was apt and emphasises the contribution of the organisers to enhance the capacity of Nigerians in the art and science of democratic practice. Professor Muhammed Ladan, Director General Nigerian Institute of Advanced Legal Studies said in his keynote address, the legislature must satisfy certain conditions to effectively deploy its oversight powers. He said the capacity and political will remained critical to their task of effective oversight. Secondary to this he noted are oversight tools, availability of material, technical, financial and human resources to perform optimally in the oversight of other arms of governments. Convener of the conference and Chief Executive Officer, Hallow Mace Communications Ltd, Mr Sunny Osiebe said the theme “Strengthening the Legislature for Effective Oversight Function,” cannot be more timely and fitting. He said it was for lawmakers to engender good governance. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!