The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Kogi State chapter, has urged the people of the state to pray fervently for the peaceful conduct of the November 16 elections for the interest of all. Dr John Ibenu, the state chairman of the association, made the call at the CAN second plenary session held at Chapel of Freedom International, Lokoja, the state capital, on Thursday. Ibenu enjoined the people, especially Christians, to pray fervently for peaceful, free, fair and credible polls. He urged all political parties and their followers to conduct themselves with the fear of God, knowing that God would bring all their actions to judgment. ”We request all Christians and indeed Kogi people to get their PVCs ready and come out in large numbers to exercise their franchise for the parties of their choice. Church should wake up from its slumber —Olukahunsi Akinadewo appeals to OAIC leaders to  embrace monogamy Adefarasin hosts Travis Greene, Sinach, Todd Dulaney, others… Don’t commercialise God’s grace,  Adegboye tells clerics ”We demand that INEC and security agencies should carry out their duties without fear or favour and to ensure neutrality, protection of votes, lives and property so as to make sure that every vote counts. ”We plead with all Kogi residents to conduct themselves in the most civil way by respecting one another and assisting INEC, electoral officers and security agencies to carry out their duties without interference. ”We advise that people should not take laws into their hands if there are infractions but to report to the appropriate authorities. ”CAN is a responsible spiritual and mature organisation which is working to get the best for the Christians and the people at large. All our members should be law-abiding at all times. CAN is here for the interest of all Kogi residents,” the chairman said. He appealed that nobody should molest or attack any electoral officers whether they were INEC, youth corps members or ad hoc staff, saying, ”please election is not war.” He further urged all gladiators to remember that only one person would always win in an election, urging the winners to be magnanimous in victory and the losers should accept their fate gallantly and pray for the next chance.    SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.