The Chairman, Carnival Calabar Commission, Cross River State, Gab Onah described the dance and warmth of the Carnival Calabar as a means to an end that stimulates, bring more innovation to boost agricultural yield viz-a-viz improving infrastructural development to better the state economy. According to Onah, who spoke at the second dry run of the carnival on Sunday, November 2019, “Carnival Calabar has become a platform to test how cultural events are planned in Nigeria and it has also become the best platform for cultural diplomacy. “At the first dry run, we hosted Beninese and Bangladesh, offering partnership in power generation, distribution and of course to support our cocoa processing. “For the next dry run, we are expecting Vietinan to come and partner on rice seedlings to see how they can bring farmers to come and promote the smoot level for our farming and that is why we are saying that the dancing and the warmth we see on the street is a means to an end. “Today is another milestone in the circle at the beginning of Carnival Calabar 2019. We are playing humanity which means reach out and touch. Today we have flagged off the Bikers dry run which is an addition to excite the people and the tourists that come to Carnival Calabar. “Also we have experienced the landing of one of our sustained sponsors, MTN, led by Mrs Njidika Ken-odogwu, the Manager, Sponsorship and promotion, MTN, accompanied by Mr Joe. “We also have unique visibility in calibrating the revitalised carnival route, looking on how we can create more excitement on the road as tested on the first carnival dry run. We have five adjudication and five performance points. We have also injected rehydration points being maned by the ‘Ayade Care’ free of charge. “The job behind Carnival Calabar is huge and that is why we are saying that to change must continue as we move, and it is on this note your that we request one collaboration from the opportunity that we always had, that the speaker is here to give us support. The speaker will make a statement on how the House will warm up to us to make the carnival a success. Senator Mantu’s brother assassinated in Plateau FG launches National Noma Control Policy document UK’s Johnson drops corporate tax cut plan in bid to… Kogi, Bayelsa elections: Buoyant economy will douse… In his remarks at the flag-off, Speaker, Cross River State House of Assembly, Rt Hon Etem Jonah Williams said “For us at the national assembly, we have always support; the only business we have in our partnership is to make budgetary provisions and present it to you and to make adequate provisions for the carnival to be able to be strong, big and attractive. We are thinking of having a band. ALSO READ: Kogi, Bayelsa elections: Buoyant economy will douse electoral banditry ― CTA “The chairman committee on Culture and Tourism has given me a proposal that we must flag off our own to be part of this event. “Also the senator said he is expecting the carnival team to send in their proposal to the house next few weeks, promising to see that the national assembly gives adequate support to make the partnership a worthwhile. “I don’t want to say that it will be 100 per cent approved, but will work together with you to ensuring that you put up the biggest carnival ever in the 2019 edition.” Speaking while flagging off the carnival, the Governor of Cross River State, Professor Ben Ayade represented by the deputy governor, Professor Ivara Esu said “We can all see that indeed this is the second dry run and we are having a mammoth crowd which means that there have been a gradual build-up to the main event coming up soon. “We are very happy by the enthusiasm shown by everybody and we do hope that we will all continue to play our part to ensure that the Carnival Calabar continue to grow as it had been doing; bigger, better and bolder. “This year’s theme as you have already known is Humanity and I am sure the bands’ leaders are doing their best to give full interpretation to the theme. For us, at this point, what we can say to all those that are going to make contribution to the Carnival Calabar is that they should start working the talk of the 2019 theme (Humanity) by thinking good about your fellow human being, be nice to one another and other people, because it is the way you treat people that you will be treated in return. So treat people with fairness and also be kind at all times. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!