A housewife, Sadiya Mauza, has pleaded with an Upper Area Court in Mararaba, Nasarawa State, to dissolve her marriage because her husband does not provide food in the house. Sadiya also told the court that her husband, Idris Wandara, has failed in his duty. She said that they were married under Islamic law and customs and that the union was blessed with three children. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), she alleged that the respondent is irresponsible, does not take care nor feed her and the children especially whenever she was pregnant and after delivery. US House in first vote on Trump impeachment probe “Each time I was pregnant, my husband would force me to go to my parents’ house. He would not provide food for me until the baby was six months. •I can do whatever I like with my children —Man He rarely sleeps at home, denies me  sex when he’s around… She dealt treacherously with me, walked out of  our marriage… I built her a school, shop, yet she starves me, turned  our… “This behaviour of his has made my parents uncomfortable and sad because they usually go out of their way to provide food for me and the baby, “said. She said that she no longer loves him and have lost interest in their marriage due to lack of food and accommodation. Sadiya pleaded with the court to dissolve their marriage and to also compel the respondent to pay their children’s school fees and feeding allowance which is N50, 000. The respondent, however, denied all the allegations. The judge, Mr Ibrahim Shekarau, adjourned the case till October  28 for hearing and consideration of settlement. Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.