Names of 35 aides of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo who were sacked have been revealed. The names made available to presidency sources in Abuja on are: Jibola Ajayi- SA, Legal Lanre Osinbona- SSA, ICT Imeh Okon- SSA, Infrastructure Jide Awolowo- SA, Oil and Gas Lilian Idiaghe- SA, Research, Legal and Compliance Arukino Umukoro- SA, Niger Delta Bala Liman Mohammed SSA Economy Edobor Iyamu SSA, Niger Delta Dolapo Bright SSA, Agro-Allied Value Chain Toyosi Onaolapo SA, Community engagement Gambo Manzo SA, Political Bisi Ogungbemi SA, Political Matters Edirin Akemu SSA, Industry, Trade & Investment Akin Soetan STA, Economic matters Aondaver Kuttuh Technical Assistant, Rule of Law Ife Adebayo SA, Innovation Yussuf Ali SA, Power regulations Tola Asekun SSA, National boundary commission Morakinyo Beckley SA, Off-grid power Yosola Akinbi SSA, NEC Tochi Nwachukwu SA, Power Privatisation Bode Gbore SSA, Political Olunloyo, Agbotomokekere, Akinbile preach  religious… Ganduje promises to solve challenges of NYSC in Kano YCE condemns military’s operation positive… Appeal Court Verdict: Fayemi Congratulates Olujimi, says… Abdulrahman Baffa Yola SA, Political Kolade Sofola SA, Infrastructure Ebi Awosika STA, Community Engagement Muyiwa Abiodun SSA, Power Forri Samson Banu SA, Entrepreneurship Bege Bala SA, BPE Feyishayo Aina SA, Community engagement Halima Bawa SA, Community Engagement Nkechi Chukwueke SA, Community engagement Ilsa Essien SA, Media But in a tweet on Thursday evening, the spokesman of the Vice President, Laolu Akande, dismisses the list, saying that it was not genuine and should be ignored. ALSO READ: Private universities crucial to Nigeria’s educational development — Osinbajo(Opens in a new browser tab) “Also, a list circulating in the media on d so-called sacked presidential aides is not genuine and ought to be ignored,” he said in his personal handle @akandeoj. Recall that the presidency began the implementation of the sack of some aides on Wednesday. It was learned that even when Osinbajo was hoping that the alleged sack of 35 of the aides would be reversed by the president, some of the affected persons on Wednesday had their presidential villa access tags retrieved from them as they reported for work. Some them who reported for work were said to have been approached at the gate by security personnel who seized their tags upon confirming that their names were contained in the list of sacked aides apparently provided for them. An online medium, Daily Nigerian, which on Wednesday reported that Buhari approved the sack of at least 35 out of over 80 aides in the vice president’s office, informed that the affected aides, who were issued appointment letters in August, included some Senior Special Assistants, Special Assistants, Personal Assistants and Technical Assistants. Some of the aides were said to have left their offices by themselves on Wednesday and returned home to avoid being embarrassed. A source close to the vice president’s office confided in the Nigerian Tribune that some of the aides who came to work of Wednesday left on their own accord to stave off any incident with security personnel. Many of the Osinbajo’s aides had earlier been sent out from the villa and accommodated in various ministries and parastatals, which reduced their access to the villa. Osinbajo’s spokesman, Laolu Akande, neither confirmed nor denied the development when asked for his reaction. He told the Nigerian Tribune that he was just emerging from Wednesday’s meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) and had read the reports just like others. “I read it just like others. I will like to find out what is happening,” he said. Reports have been rife that since their re-election, Osinbajo has fallen out of favour with some elements close to President Buhari who is undermining his authority, a situation which has been blamed for the dissolution and replacement of the Economic Management Team hitherto headed by the Vice President. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.