SHELL companies in Nigeria have emerged winner in the best 100 companies to work for in the latest Jobberman 2019 Report. Shell led the pack of top 100 companies that respondents admire, respect and desire to work for the most. Jobberman Chief Executive Officer, Hilda Kabushenga Kragha, said “Shell won the most votes among majority of respondents aged between 25-35 and 18-24 while data analysed from 3,148 valid responses focused on the general public and employees working at numerous companies in Nigeria.” Shell Nigeria Human Resources Director, Olukayode Ogunleye, said, “the award confirms that working at Shell enables talents to innovate and fulfil their aspirations while supporting Shell to meet its obligations to its stakeholders – government, investors and people of our host communities across the country.” Why Oshiomhole must go —Ojezua, Edo APC chair Events planning pitfalls and how to overcome them Media influence on teen pregnancy in Nigeria Personal risk management Ogunleye, represented by Shell Employee Relations and Industrial Relations Lead, Esohe Adetola, said, “Shell companies would be further challenged by the recognition to be relentless in making significant contributions to the industry and the Nigerian economy. He said, “We are pleased that this award is a recognition of Shell’s deliberate strategy to grow sustainable Nigerian companies where employees thrive and are happy to contribute their quota. Our journey to excellence as a leading energy company is hinged on the tremendous dedication and contributions of our staff, the majority of whom are Nigerians; and the strong support of our partners led by the NNPC.” “We recognise that being an industry leader puts on us enormous responsibility and we have continued to rethink and reshape our employee value proposition in a manner that our delivery brings optimal value to Nigeria, our partners and the local service industry”, he said.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!