The House Representatives Committee on Public Accounts on Tuesday began the investigation of Eight top officials of the office of the Auditor General of the Federation (oAuGF) who allegedly falsified their ages for the purpose of elongation of service year in the public service. Addressing the opening session of the probe, the Chairman of the Committee, Hon. Wole Oke warmed the affected officials that giving misleading information before the parliament attracted five years imprisonment and that the parliament would no longer accept delay tactics with a view to escape justice in what form. While expressing displeasure over the high level of disregard to House summons and invitations by Ministers, Permanent Secretaries and Heads of various Agencies, Hon. Oke reiterated the resolve of the parliament to resist such action by applying relevant legislative instruments. The Committee via a letter dated 22nd October 2019 addressed to the Auditor General of the Federation, Idris Ahmed demanded oAuGF’s nominal roll and payroll from 2007 to date. VIDEO: 59-year-old Maradona denies daughter’s claim he… Foodstuff and Cattle dealers threaten nationwide strike over… Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone… INEC nominee declares loyalty to APC before Senate panel ALSO READ: Kogi poll: Court adjourns suit on PDP’s ticket to Nov 27 While responding to various questions from the lawmakers, the Auditor General of the Federation, Mr Idris Ahmed who was represented by the oAuGF’s Director of Human Resources, Agesin Eyitayo Omololu who earlier denied knowledge of the letter requesting for the nominal roll and payroll, pledged to send the document on Friday. He also disclosed that one of the accused persons “who is currently in Uganda on foreign missions audit will return to Nigeria by Friday, while another accused person travelled to Ilorin, Kwara State to conduct audit will return at the weekend”. On their parts, the accused staff denied the allegations on age falsification, submitted copies of various gazetted records to the Committee. While ruling, Hon. Oke directed that the two officials who travelled should appear before the Committee next week Tuesday. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.