Nasarawa State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has arrested a 42-years-old suspect for attempting to sell his three-year-old son in Lafia. Mohammed Mahmoud-Fari, State Commandant of the NSCDC told newsmen, on Thursday, in Lafia that the man was arrested on Tuesday following a sting operation by the officers of the command. According to Mahmoud-Fari, the man, who hailed from Obi Local Government Area had concluded plans to sell his son for N5 million. “Our undercover officers got wind of his plan and opened negotiation with the suspect who offered to sell the son for N5 million. ALSO READ: Secondus, 7 PDP govs, others in Bayelsa rally, want transparent poll Pirates unleashing terror on Bonny, Okrika, Ogoni waterways… Police deny robbery attack in Akobo communities 5, not 13 students, died in Kogi varsity killings, say… Pastor remanded for allegedly defiling neighbour’s daughters “He opted to collect the money in cash and it was in the process that we arrested him in Lafia,’’ Mahmoud-Fari said. The NSCDC boss said the investigation revealed that the man has five wives and 23 children, out of which he had already sold a daughter. Meanwhile, the suspect confessed to the crime and attributed his action to economic hardship, saying he resorted to selling his son to enable him take care of the family. The commandant also presented to the newsmen a 45-year-old man arrested for allegedly defiling his neighbor’s 10-year-old daughter at Al-Makura Street in Lafia. Mahmoud-Fari said the suspects would be prosecuted accordingly. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.