ENVIRONMENTAL Rights Action/Friends of the Earth Nigeria (ERA/FoEN) has called on the Federal Government to reduce the tax burden on renewable energy products by reducing the Value Added Tax (VAT) from 5 per cent to 2 per cent. ERA/FoEN, at a press briefing in Abuja at the weekend, also called on the National Assembly to make laws for more relaxed fiscal policies for renewable energy products in Nigeria. Executive Director of the organization, Dr Godwin Ojo, while addressing journalists, noted that 60 per cent to 70 per cent of Nigeria’s 200 million population did not have access to electricity, adding that in diversifying energy sources that is sustainable, renewable energy remains the best option. According to him: “The diverse sources of tax is worrisome with 5 per cent Stamp Duty, 5 per cent on solar panels, 25 per cent on batteries and inverters and other sundry taxes which raise the tax burden to about 30 per cent on products. Nigerians and the burden of religion ITUC-Africa holds congress in Abuja Orin-Ekiti: How herdsmen destroyed our multi-million naira… Socio-economic crisis, bane of crime and criminality… “We strongly propose that lowering taxes on renewable energy products will go a long in the promotion of energy access for all. Therefore, the proposed hike on VAT from 5 per cent to 7.5 per cent in Nigeria, if at all it will be implemented should not be extended to solar lighting equipment and clean cook-stoves. “We strongly advocate for reduction of VAT to 2 per cent on renewable energy products; five years tax moratorium for new renewable energy products to improve energy access for all; five years tax holiday for pioneers’ status in indigenous renewable energy businesses in Nigeria,” Dr Ojo said. He stressed that tax regimes might help African governments to rake in some revenue from import tariffs, but added that it was also contributing to the slow pace of revenue energy development and access for all. “While the Federal Government has made some good initiatives through the solar panel production  by the National Agency for Science and Engineering Technology, an agency of the Ministry of Science and Technology, the agency requires more capacity building for efficiency to produce optimally, its solar panel are currently more expensive by compared to imprinted ones,” he added. Executive director also intimated the need to urgently decentralise energy and supply to allow governments, civil society groups, communities and the private sector to participate in the energy sector supply chain. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!