The management of Dangote Refineries has announced it is building the world largest pipeline infrastructure with the capacity to handle three billion standard cubic feet of gas per day. Speaking during a tour of the Dangote Petrochemical Refineries and Fertilizers Company on Sunday by the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva; the Group Managing Director of Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC); Mele Kyari and Director of Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), Hammed Rufus; the Group Executive Director, Strategy, Capital Projects & Portfolio Development, Edwin Devakumar, stated that Dangote Group is building the largest subsea pipeline infrastructure in the world to transport three billion scuf per day. According to him: “The pipeline we are building is the largest subsea pipeline infrastructure in the world. Our target of pipeline infrastructure is to handle three billion scuf per day and this is all offshore gas that we shall trap and cap it.“ He said gas will be trapped for electricity which is a sore point for manufacturers in addition to other by-products of the refinery used in the petrochemical industry to drive industrialisation. He also said that as a deliberate policy the complexity of the refinery is to ensure surplus revenue generation for the country as the company is worth over $12billion. Turkey to finish testing digital Lira in 2020 ― President… Q3 2019: May & Baker Nigeria grows profit by 14 per… Women urged to key into agricultural development policies IITA unveils digital tools for agricultural transformation Besides, President of Dangote Group, Aliko Dangote, appealed to the Federal Government to provide an enabling environment for organisations. ALSO READ: For stable electricity, power sector requires more huge investments ― TCN “We believe in Nigeria and if we don’t do it, nobody will come and do it for us. You know Nigeria has population growth of three per cent annually and there is the need for Nigeria to feed itself and the entire west Africa market, that’s why we went for this massive investment,” he said. Mele Kyari stressed that it is important to state that “we are not competing with Dangote Refineries, rather we are complementing each other, to make Nigeria a net exporter of refined petroleum products and you can’t do this until you have complementary activities that involved all stakeholders in the sector. “What we are doing with our refineries is to make them work so that by the time Dangote refineries come up, we will have a full company of NNPC refineries also. That will make Nigeria a net exporter of gasoline and other associated products. Not only that, it is going to guarantee products security for our nation. As President of Dangote has said, Nigeria will now be the real supplier of products to the West Africa markets.” Sylva commended Dangote Group for its massive investments in Nigeria. “This is one of the most impressive projects I have seen by a Nigerian. It is a very encouraging development for us as a government and we have to support this fully. Our support will be in the area of feedstock and we have to discuss with him if it is going to be gas or crude oil feedstock and off-take. The government will guarantee some of these stocks but all this will come out of our discussions with the President of Dangote Group (Aliko Dangote),” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.