The Federal Government has commenced refurbishment of some roads in Ihiala Local Government Area of Anambra State and environs. One of the major ones currently being undertaken was the road around Total/Primary Health Centre axis on the Orlu-Ihiala expressway. Tribune Online learnt that the Federal Road Maintenance Agency (FERMA), was mobilised to the site since October 30 2019. Supervisor of the agency in the area, Engineer Solomon Ndukwe said that the road was among the eastern roads identified by the Federal Government for rehabilitation. He said that the project had been attracted by the Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano who sent a list of Federal roads in the state that needed refurbishment. VIDEO: 59-year-old Maradona denies daughter’s claim he… Foodstuff and Cattle dealers threaten nationwide strike over… Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone… INEC nominee declares loyalty to APC before Senate panel ALSO READ: Confidentiality, lack of openness negating Nigeria’s ship registry reform ― Ogbeifun Mr Ndukwe also explained that the rehabilitation would not only be carried out on the Orlu Road alone but would include many other Federal roads in Anambra. Commenting on the development, the traditional ruler of Ihiala Igwe Thomas Obidiegwu, who visited the area, commended the Federal Government for a good job. He also praised Governor Obiano for attracting such a huge and capital intensive project to his domain. Igwe Obidiegwu added that the development would bring about a smooth and easy movement of people of Ihiala and environs, during the upcoming Christmas period. According to Mr. Okey Onwuka who owns a shop on the road, rehabilitation is a welcome development, noting that the rehabilitation would boost businesses around the area. Mrs Ngozi Eneh, who also owned a Pharmacy on the road, said that she was excited at the rehabilitation work and thanked Governor Obiano for his intervention. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.