AN indigenous oil company, Green Energy International Limited (GEIL) has said it is partnering some biodiversity and environment-focused experts and non-governmental organisations (NGOs) to develop a strategy for conservation and protection of some endangered animal species in Andoni Area of Rivers State. The endangered animal species already identified as facing extinction in the area include the forest elephants, as well as crocodiles and turtles. The chairman of the company, Professor Anthony Adegbulugbe, disclosed this at a stakeholders’ workshop organised for the company by ‘Akassa Associate’ in Port Harcourt on Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability. He also said the company would soon begin power generation from its initial 6 MW gas to power facility being constructed on its operational base in Ikuru town in the state. 72 per cent pass October 2019 TRCN qualifying exam as Lagos, Enugu, Kano top list The plant, according to him, is expected to provide uninterrupted power supply to its host communities in the state and its production facility. COP25: The long, winding journey to Spain Ogun plans waste management reforms for cleaner environment Japan trains two Nigerians on solid waste management Ogoni Cleanup: We are committed to full remediation —FG Professor Adegbulugbe said the 12MMSCFD LPG extraction plant at Ikuru town would be completed and commissioned for use by the second quarter of 2020 as fabrication has been completed in China. He said the company was committed to the welfare and development of the communities where they operate and would do anything necessary to sustain the good relationship already built with the communities. The host communities are, Ikuru town, the company’s operational base, Ayama, Ekede, UgamaEkede, Asuk-oye and Asukama. He was represented at the occasion by the Sustainability Director, Mr Ayodele Olojede. Also speaking, the Coordinator of Akassa Associates, Chief Bill Knight, pledged that the workshop would come up with sustainability strategies to get the communities to leverage on the resources being provided by the company.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.