The All Progressives Congress (APC) member representing Ughelli North, Ughelli South and Udu Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, Hon. (Rev.) Francis Ejiroghene Waive has described the judiciary as the last hope of the common man. Waive is basking on his victory at the Appeal Court sitting in Benin, Edo state, which on Monday, re-affirmed his victory at the February 23 National Assembly poll and dismissed the appeal filed by Samuel Mariere of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) for lack of merit. Waive, while reacting to the Appeal Court’s judgment in a statement signed by Mr Bunor Agbomedarho, one of his senior aides, said that the judgment has reaffirmed his belief that the judiciary remained the common man’s last hope. The House of Reps member, the statement averted, is pleased with the decision of the Court of Appeal, Benin City, which re-affirmed his February 23, 2019, electoral victory. Ebola outbreak: Reps urges FG to put precautionary measures… FG promises eradication of vaccine diseases in children Reps to support Greek Consortium on job creation ―… Yobe Assembly to screen 20 commissioner-nominees ALSO READ: Minister of state for health pledges more support for PSN “We salute all our supporters that have taken out time in prayers and support. Once again, we reassure you that we shall not let them down. “We also congratulate our brothers and sisters in all the other political parties for their sportsmanship. We have all played our respective roles well. “Today has officially closed all issues relating to and emanating from the 2019 elections. We must now be fully focused on delivering dividends of democracy to our people. “More than ever before, this judgment will spur me to higher performance, increased zeal and more commitment to see our people benefit immensely from the Next Level administration,” Waive assured. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.