THE Chairman of the Ekiti State Internal Revenue Board, Mr Olumuyiwa Ogunmilade, has expressed displeasure over the high incidence of tax evasion in the state. Ogunmilade said Governor Kayode Fayemi was resolute to block all leakages to increase IGR of the state, in view of the consistent dwindling revenue accruing to the state from the federation accounts. Ogunmilade said the economy of the state would shrink considerably, with a consequential effect like inability to build the desired infrastructure, if the state fails to look inwards and boost its IGR. Ogunmilade, who spoke during a meeting with some local government Management staff across the 16 council Areas of Ekiti State on Saturday at weekend said that the State Government would no longer tolerate tax evasion by individuals or organisations. “Tax evasion is criminal and it shouldn’t happen at a time government was desperately desirous of inventing ways of increasing its internally generated revenue due to the drop in federal allocations. We are supporting security agencies to end crime in Ekiti ―… FUTA suspends students for assaulting schoolmate [BREAKING] #BayelsaDecides: INEC commences collation of… Council cautions NASS on establishment matters ALSO READ:  Kogi: Ballot box snatching mars election, as vote buyers overwhelm… “In doing this, both States and Local governments should be involved in the process of paying taxes and raking in of rates for the development of the state. “The State House of Assembly had passed the Internally generated Revenue Bill 2018, which has been signed into law by Governor Kayode Fayemi, which spelt out the expected taxes to be paid from every quarter and the punitive measures attached to failure to fulfil such constitutional obligations. “Our people must be responsible enough to see tax payment as an obligation that must be discharged for the benefit of this state. What makes Lagos and other advanced nations what they were was the tax. “No nation can develop when its tax policy is weak. In advanced climes, people perceived tax payment as a constitutional duty that must be discharged at all cost and that brought about development, it is no magic,” he said. Ogunmilade explained that the State revenue board would soon set up committees in all Local Government Areas on how to generate more revenues from the third tier to serve as a catalyst for development at the grassroots level. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!