Dana Airline has  rewarded its  customers with various gifts ranging from free tickets to souvenirs to mark its eleven years of operations in Nigeria. The Chief Operating Officer, Mr Obi Mbanuzuo, while speaking on the reason behind the award at a brief ceremony  said that the airline would never have made it this far but for its loyal guests and staff who believe in  what the airline stands for and have kept it going, hence the reward and  celebration with customers While agreeing that coming this far as a domestic airline in Nigeria had not been rosy in view of the challenges it had passed through in the past such as  incessant peddling of fake news about its operations, Obi said the airline would not have succeeded but for the resolve and renewed passion of its staff and loyal customers who had kept faith with the airline because of the strong safety reputation it had built in the last few years. Abideen Olasupo: Unlocking clean energy for Africans We’ll soon witness lots of M&As in the nation’s… FoodCo unfolds 37th anniversary plans Excitements, as Power Oil Walkhearton 4.0 ends in Rivers He said: “For us, 11 years means we are doing the right things and making the right decisions at the right time.  We have been methodical, careful and realistic in our steps and we hope to consolidate our existing routes to provide full capacity, seamless travel and options for our guests to travel conveniently during the yuletide while still reviewing our route expansion plans. “So many airlines have come and gone maybe due to some incidents in the past or inability to cope with the operating environment, but we have been here for 11 years and still counting because of our loyal customers, dedicated staff and, above all, a sound management team with a massive experience in the Nigerian aviation industry running the airline with a model worthy of emulation. “For us, it has been about commitment, promise and fulfilment and we are delighted to have kept the promise we made to our guests last year about fleet expansion and capacity with the recent  acquisition of two new Boeing 737 aircraft, bringing the number of aircraft in our fleet to nine. Our guests should expect more as our commitment and promise have not changed.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!