FOUNDER of Afe Babalola University Ado-Ekiti (ABUAD) a leading private university in the country, Chief Afe Babalola has solicited a Memorandum of Understanding with the Nigerian Army in the advancement of security-related courses in the institution. Babalola stated this while speaking during a public lecture organised by the Department of Peace and Conflict Resolutions of the university. The lecture was delivered by the General Officer Commanding, 81 Division Lagos of the Nigerian Army, Maj Gen Olubunmi Irefin. The Senior Advocate of Nigeria who noted that the university was the first to introduce Peace and Conflict Resolutions as a course in the undergraduate level in the country, urged the army to partner with the institution in a bid to boost enrollment and enhance ultimate peace in the country. ALSO READ:  JUST IN: Police uncover torture centre in Ibadan, rescue 200 inmates Police recover NDE stolen vehicle in Niger Republic Olore “torture centre” not approved by govt as correctional… Revenue generation: N7.5% increase tax bill scales second… Makinde has not fulfilled promises he made to me ― Lanlehin Babalola maintained that development and growth could be attained in an atmosphere of peace, calling on the army and other security agencies to nip in the bud all criminals tendencies across states in the country. “We should not forget our institution is the first to introduce this course at the undergraduate level, which is commendable and the Nigerian University Commission acknowledge this feat. We need MoU with the Nigerian Army especially in the area of our Peace and Conflict Resolutions department which will go a long way to enhance peace in the society and also in the area of enrollment. “Peace starts with your tongue, if you want peace, then control your tongue. Peace begins with how you relate to people around you. It begins with your tongue,” he said. Speaking on the topic, ‘Conflicts and National Security in Nigeria: Dynamics, Challenges and Solutions’ Maj Gen Irefin regretted the monumental damages the insecurity has caused in the nation, calling on the people to support the security agencies. He noted that the Operation Positive Identification of the military was not targeted at the people on the streets, rather Boko Haram elements who had escaped from the North-Eastern part of the country. He assured his readiness to work with the top echelon of the army towards the signing of the memorandum of understanding with the university. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.