International Labour Rewards (ILR) has launched a new Automated Multi -Solution Provider Business Service App known as ILR biz app in Lagos. ILR is a registered organization with a group of companies which focuses on production, processing and distribution. The organisation currently operates in sectors like Agriculture, Real Estate, Printing, supermarkets, engineering services, telecommunications, recharge services, cooperatives societies etc. While speaking on the rationale behind the app, The Group Managing Director, ILR Group of Companies, Mr Michael Oluwafemi said the organisation will provide robust better quality value-added services. Michael added that this is in line with the company’s objective of ensuring consumers satisfaction and consequently general development of the company. ALSO READ: Farmers have made Nigeria self-sufficient in food ― Buhari Senator Ubah calls for sustainable peace in Anambra… Support Nigeria culture, tradition to promote peace ―… Why Nigerians should no longer travel abroad for orthopaedic… IYC urges Lyon to include opposition in his govt “With this new App, the company will provide robust better value-added services with its multi-solution provider business hub through its technology. “This is in line with the company’s objectives of ensuring consumers’ satisfaction and consequently overall development of the company. “The objectives of the organization is to create a global community with the mission to provide the needs of its community and also feed them through agricultural programmes,” Michael said. Oluwafemi explained that one of the major aims is to empower Nigerians by providing jobs for the teeming youths of this nation. He added that this will contribute to the national development of the country. Meanwhile, The Managing Director beseeched Nigerians to join the community by downloading the app on google play store or visit any ILR agents close to them. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!