I am writing to notify the Warri South Local Government Area authority of the unending traffic jam in Warri, most especially at Hausa Quarters in Igbudu market. Every morning, I spend over 30 minutes in this axis alone. From a close observation, the cause of the daily traffic snarl is not limited to overcrowding of the market, compromising stance of the traffic wardens usually drafted to control traffic and the stubborn and unruly nature of commercial tricycle riders. Even market women are at fault with the way they display their goods very close to the road as well as wheelbarrow pushers who all compete for space with vehicles. Another nagging issue is that commercial mini bus drivers park their buses close to the middle of the road to pick passengers, thereby inhibiting smooth traffic flow. the traffic wardens, who are supposed to control the situation, often look the other way. In fact, their presence at Hausa Quarters often makes things worse than ameliorate it as they shamelessly and brazenly encourage disorderliness on the road. Otedola donates N5bn to daughter’s DJ Cuppy Foundation, as Dangote gives N100m Also, a swarm of beggars, largely from the northern region, usually file up by the road, obstructing free traffic flow and distorting the aesthetic beauty of the area. Tackling menace of substandard products Memo to the Attah  of Igala Standard Alliance Insurance, pay my money Oyo/Ogbomoso road, shame of a nation My advice is that the government, both state and local, should, urgently, do something, especially in terms of revisiting bylaws and edicts guiding the use of market located by major roads. Drivers and tricycle riders found parking indiscriminately and obstructing traffic flow should be sanctioned by the authorities concerned and if possible fines should be imposed on offenders while a routine checks on the traffic wardens on duty should be carried out by their superiors. With the increasing population bloat, the crude madness of traffic snarl in that axis of Warri, the commercial nerve-centre of oil-rich Delta State, if not swiftly halted, will further cause loss of man hours, avoidable accidents, loss of business opportunities and lateness to work. Ejiafe Oghenerume Jelisa, Delta State  Nigerian Tribune  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!