A non-governmental organisation in Kwara state, Salman Shagaya Foundation, has flagged off 4,000 Homes Solar Intervention Project in Ilorin, the state capital. Speaking at the event at Omoda area of Ilorin on Friday, Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq called on private investors and philanthropists to join hands with his administration to develop the state. The governor, who commended various individuals and communities who had been contributing their quota to the development of the state, cited the foundation’s empowerment programmes as a good example of such laudable initiatives. ALSO READ: Lai Mohammed mourns Chief Akinyele “First and foremost, I commend brains behind the Salman Shagaya Foundation for this laudable intervention and other things the Foundation has been doing in the past few years. BREAKING: Buhari arrives Nigeria from London private visit Kogi/Bayelsa guber polls: Reps Minority Caucus condemns… Be orderly, don’t sell your vote, monitoring group… Gombe SSG expresses displeasure over slow pace of project… “This is a development worthy of emulation. This is community service at its best. On behalf of the government and people of Kwara state, I commend Alhaji Sheriff Shagaya and management of this Foundation for this great initiative”, he said. Abdul Razzaq, who was represented at the event by Hon. AbdulGafar Ayilara of the Kwara State House of Assembly said his administration will leave Kwara better than it met it, citing various ongoing efforts to rebuild the state. Also speaking, founder of the Foundation, Alhaji Sheriff Shagaya, said the Foundation, which is known for the empowerment of poor people, is committed to making life easy for the community as its own way of giving back to the society. “We at the Salman Shagaya Foundation remain true to our commitment to champion and execute developmental interventions for a better Kwara state. We want to be remembered for devoting our resources, time and energy to alleviate hunger and raise the standard of living in the society”, he said. “I am therefore glad to inform you that the 4,000 homes solar installation project would reach every part of the state, beginning in Omoda and its environs in Ilorin West Local Government today. The train would move around the capital and then the state for the next four months” The programme witnessed the commissioning of the first 100 of the solar project. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!