General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Dr Daniel Olukoya, has enjoined Christians not to relent in praying for deliverance for the nation and God protection for the political leaders. He gave the admonition, at the weekend, in Abuja during the opening and dedication of the Miracle City of the Church at Gwako near Gwagwalada, outskirt of the Federal Capital Territory. He declared that with fervent prayers, the nation will overcome the problems stunting her growth. According to him, challenges such as insecurity arising from all manner of crimes like insurgency, kidnapping, armed robbery, farmers and herders clash, economic downturn, shall be things of the past for the nation in no distant time. He said: “Begin to bless Nigeria, it shall be well with Nigeria. Every enemy of the Nation shall be scattered. “Divine Grace and wisdom of our heavenly Father who is higher than the highest and greater than the greatest shall be the lots of our leaders in the country, in leading us alright and taking the Nation to greater heights. Police arrest suspected fraudster posing as MFM General… “There will be reign of peace in the land as God will put to shame, the agents of devil threatening her peace .” ALSO READ: Nigeria’s division under guise of religion is impossible ― Lai Mohammed He, however, admonished the congregation and by extension, Nigerians to stop indulging in sins on a daily basis since as clearly stated in Proverbs 14: 34 “Righteousness’ Exalts a Nation but sin is a reproach.” The man of God in his sermon with the theme: “The life of the flesh is in the blood”, emphasised that contaminated blood need to be sanitised with fervent prayers which must be dynamic and violent in nature as revealed in the book of Mathew 11:12. “Anybody whose blood is polluted by all forms of genealogical inheritance , his or her life is also polluted because the life of any human being is inside the blood he or she has inherited, meaning that you are what your ancestors were by the blood . “For the life of the flesh is inside the blood and it is the blood that maketh an atonement for the soul,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!