Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, on Monday, inaugurated a steering committee of the Ibadan urban flood management project, a World Bank project, aimed at tackling the flood risk propensity of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. The governor, while giving a brief remark at the inauguration of the steering committee, said each of the members of the committee were expected to bring their wealth of experience to bear on the project to help in realising the sole aim of effectively managing flood risk in Ibadan and the entire Oyo State. He stated that the steering committee is the highest policy-making body of the Ibadan Urban Flood Management Project (IUFMP), adding that the commissioner of finance chairs the committee in his absence. Cattle Dealers kick over multiple taxation, harassment Kwara customs generates N1.27b, seized goods worth N25.4m in… N14bn NEPZA diverted funds to NSEZCO still with CBN ― Trade… Our 2020 budget, renewal of hope ― Bauchi commissioner ALSO READ: Flood: FG puts Edo, Delta, Rivers, 2 others on red alert Besides Governor Makinde, who chairs the committee, other members include the commissioner for finance, who chairs the committee in the absence of the governor; Commissioner for Environment and Natural Resources; Public Works, Infrastructure and Transport; Lands, Housing and Urban Development, director general, Oyo State Bureau of Public Procurement; chairman, Oyo State Road Maintenance Agency; permanent secretaries, Ministries of Environment, Lands and Housing and Public Works and Infrastructure as well as the project coordinator of Ibadan Urban Flood Management Project (IUFMP). Project Coordinator of IUFMP, Mr Dayo Ayorinde, who threw more light on the project inauguration after the meeting, said the inauguration of the steering committee was coming ahead of the mid-term review of the project expected later in the week. He also said the inauguration of the committee would boost the rating of the project by international partners. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.