The Court of Appeal sitting in Ibadan on Monday declared the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) House of Assembly candidate for Ibadan South East Constituency 1, Honourable Rasak Abudulahi as the winner of the State Assembly election. The Court panel led by Justice Jimi Bada said the case filed by All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate, Najeemdeen Abass Bolaji against Abudulahi of PDP lacked merit. According to Bada, he said the election of Abdulahi should be upheld. The counsel to Honourable Abdulahi, Lawyer Tunji Ogunrinde said the first respondent alleged Honourable Abdulahi and PDP of vote-buying and equally alleged INEC of not using Smart Card Reader appropriately. “INEC did not make use of voters registration during the election but the court pronounced these allegations as blatant lies from the pit of hell,” APC alleged. ALSO READ: UK’s Johnson drops corporate tax cut plan in bid to woo voters Bayelsa shall be great again, gov-elect, David Lyon declares Kogi, Bayelsa: We remain  strong, united ― PDP Kogi/Bayelsa polls: Nigeria now like Nazi Germany ― PDP Kogi West Senatorial election: Adeyemi leads Melaye as INEC… Speaking to the reporters after the victory, Abdulahi said he is happy for the outcome of the Appeal, saying the victory is of Allah while promising to deliver his promises to his people. “The success of today’s judgment is a victory to Almighty Allah, the good people of Ibadan South-East, our counsel and party leaders. “I have a lot of plan for my people which I promised during the electioneering the campaign, I will deliver them in due process and make Ibadan South-East a place to reckoned with.” In his own reaction, the Majority Leader of the Oyo Assembly, Honourable Sanjo Adedoyin said they are not expecting anything than victory. He said the last general election was a free and fair election, adding that oppositions are just trying to prove nothing. “The oppositions know they would not get anything from the Appellate Court, even the election of Oyo State governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde was a free and fair election but Appeal case was controversial and I believe that it would be resolved in no time. “We are waiting for them at the Supreme Court as we await the declaration of Engineer Seyi Makinde as the winner of the poll at the Supreme Court.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!