All is now set for the 2019 edition of the annual International Arts and Crafts Expo (INAC) billed to hold from November 20 to 24, 2019 in Abuja. This time around, INAC will break new grounds with a record of 30 countries participating in the exhibition which is an upgrade from the 23 counties that exhibited last year. While the venue for the event remains the FCT exhibition pavilion, the Director-General, National Council for Arts and Culture, Otunba Segun Runsewe is optimistic that everything is now in place to stage another showpiece as he confirmed INAC as Nigeria’s number one global expo. INAC 2019 will feature countries from virtually every continent of the world in what has become a tradition since the expo was expanded by Otunba Runsewe from African Art and Crafts Expo (AFAC), in 2017 to a global affair. BREAKING: Buhari arrives Nigeria from London private visit Kogi/Bayelsa guber polls: Reps Minority Caucus condemns… Be orderly, don’t sell your vote, monitoring group… Gombe SSG expresses displeasure over slow pace of project… Speaking with some journalists in Abuja, recently, Otunba Runsewe disclosed that this year’s INAC aligns with NCAC’s Corporate Social Responsibility and will feature components like free skill acquisition, free medical services, waste to wealth initiative, investment forum and many other aspects aimed at empowering Nigerians. ALSO READ: NECO sacks 70 staff for certificate forgery The NCAC chief expressed satisfaction at the massive mobilisation of equipment to the venue including world-class pavilions, a media/ICT centre, mobile toilets, state-of-the-art stage by renowned event management outfit, “I Am” and emergency vehicles all of which will be on ground throughout the duration of the Expo. The DG assured exhibitors, participants, guests, visitors, foreign nationals and all Nigerians of maximum security following the engagement of the Nigeria Police to provide security. Dignitaries expected include members of the diplomatic community, top government officials, major public and private stakeholders, industry players, corporate outfits and first-class traditional rulers from around the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!