As the harmattan season sets in,  a proactive move to check the outbreak of measles and meningitis, Bauchi State Government in collaboration with international health donor agencies is to ensure vaccination of not less than 95% of children between 1 – 5 years against measles and children of 1 – 7 years against meningitis. The State government in other to achieve the set objectives is to collaborate with the National Primary Healthcare Development Agency (NPHCDA) and other Development partners in carrying out the mass vaccinations exercise against measles and meningitis across the state. This was disclosed by the Program Manager of SERICC, Dr Jibrin Umar Muhammad during a media orientation on Men A and Measles SIAs held at the Emergency Operation Centre, Bauchi by the State Primary Healthcare Development Agency (BSPHCDA). ALSO READ: Beware of ‘Facilitators’, Kyari warns insurance brokerage firms The Program Manager of SERICC further said that the vaccination is expected to be in some selected centres and will commence from 16 – 23 November, noting that the risk of morbidity and mortality in the children ages of under 5 is in the higher proportion that cannot be accepted, stressing that the exercise is meant to provide the required protection for the children. BREAKING: Buhari arrives Nigeria from London private visit Kogi/Bayelsa guber polls: Reps Minority Caucus condemns… Be orderly, don’t sell your vote, monitoring group… Gombe SSG expresses displeasure over slow pace of project… “Through immunisations, the state could reduce the tendencies of pockets of outbreaks being recorded yearly in the state and presently government has devise mechanism to appropriately put a stop to a number of diseases that are affecting children thereby developing a robust heart immunity in children, Dr Jibrin Umar said. In his remarks, Assistant State Health Educator, Malam Ribadu M Jibrin said that as part of the Agency’s project work plan, the media is viewed to be strategic partner looking at its enormous contributions in the primary healthcare provision explaining that the vaccination campaign will cover target groups of children aged between 9 to 59 months children, as for meningitis the exercise is targeting children of 1 to 7 years. Ribadu Jibrin said that the media is expected to play an extraordinary role to sensitise communities, care-givers, traditional institutions and other relevant individuals so as to achieve the required results. In a paper presentation, UNICEF Consultant, Barrow Lamin acknowledged the significant role of the media in raising awareness, creating an atmosphere of hope in health delivery which will sustain demands and encourage acceptance of vaccination services in the communities. Barrow Lamin further explained the gravity of the disease, saying that measles and meningitis are precariously bacterial infections that occur worldwide and continued to kill children hence there is need to sensitise parents and other stakeholders on the danger of these diseases through community engagement, such as community leaders, markets, motor parks, homes and schools. The diseases which was identify in the Sub Saharan Africa mostly affected children who are not vaccinated placing them on the higher risk to be infected with the diseases hence the importance of the campaign adding that the exercise is not the only avenue for children to get immunised but the routine immunisation is also available means for children to immunised. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!