Stakeholders in the governorship elections of Kogi and Bayelsa have been admonished to play by the rules of the game to guarantee a free and fair election in the November 19th elections. The charge from the Centre for Democracy and Development (CDD) tasked political actors and the security agencies to do more to stem the tide of political violence ravaging the two states in the final build up to the polls. Speaking at a pre-election briefing at the Election Analysis Centre (EAC) in Lokoja, the Kogi State capital the CDD Director, Idayat Hassan warned that the tension in the two states is capable of undermining voter confidence and turnout and the credibility of the entire process. She said the CDD’s observation of the pre-election environment points to a very volatile political environment, characterised by fierce rhetoric, threats of violence and actual incidents of violence. “A case in point is the recent attack on the State Secretariat of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), whose governorship candidate, Natasha Akpoti is one of the only three women contesting for the governorship election. CDD further observes that such vicious political attacks in the state are capable of further discouraging marginalised groups, especially women from participating in the political process and particularly from contesting for political office.” El-Rufai’s apology: APC admission of Bello’s failure ― PDP How TB Joshua brokered peace in South Sudan, Tanzania Busola Dakolo to appeal case after court dismisses suit… Southwest development bill scales first reading The pro-democracy think tank similarly condemned the violent attack on a political rally in Nembe, Bayelsa State, which led to loss of lives. ALSO READ: JAMB: How biometric, browser failures marred 2019 UTME ― CPAN The CDD warned that being the first set of off-cycle elections after the 2019 polls, the character of the electoral processes and outcomes in Kogi and Bayelsa States will serve as a litmus test to assess if the key lessons and experiences from the 2019 general elections have been applied to make subsequent elections credible. On preparations by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) therefore, the Hassan called on the electoral umpire to leave no stone unturned to deliver credible polls in the two states. She called on INEC to tie up all loose ends with respect to the deployment of ad-hoc staff to the field. She said: “The welfare of ad-hoc staff, especially youth corps members should be treated with utmost serious urgency. CDD reiterates that the welfare of INEC ad-hoc is critical to the successful conduct of the election. It is of the utmost necessity to ensure the safety and security of these patriotic men and women who would be making sacrifices and taking risks in a volatile environment to ensure eligible voters exercise their franchise SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!