The House of Representatives on Thursday harped on the need for the Federal Government to procure and install scanning machines at all the existing seaports and land borders with the view to ensure ease of doing business in the country. The resolution was passed following the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon. Ossai Nicholas Ossai. In his lead debate, Hon. Ossai Nicholas Ossai who decried the absence of the scanning machines at the ports noted that the development slows down the clearing of goods which leads to undue demurrage and unnecessary congestion of the ports, this he stated is against the tenets of the ease of doing business. ALSO READ: CDD charges stakeholders on credible poll in Kogi, Bayelsa While noting that the motion was aimed at ensuring increased revenue for budget funding, Hon. Ossai urged the House Committee on Ports and Harbour to ensure compliance. In his remarks, Hon. Haruna Mshelia tasked authorities of Nigeria Customs Service to procure the scanners without delay. El-Rufai’s apology: APC admission of Bello’s failure ― PDP How TB Joshua brokered peace in South Sudan, Tanzania Busola Dakolo to appeal case after court dismisses suit… Southwest development bill scales first reading On his part, Hon. Rotimi Agunsoye expressed optimism that the motion would fast-track the process of checking goods and make it more efficient as some goods are not easily accessible to the human eye. In the same vein, Hon. Bamidele Salam harped on.the need for the Nigerian clearing system to be at par with what is obtainable internationally which would enhance efficiency in the sector. Also speaking, Hon. Sergius Ogun bemoaned the fact that Nigeria as a country still relies on manual efforts to scan at the ports. In his intervention, Hon. Luke Onofiok while commending the spirit of the motion, suggested finding lasting solutions to port congestion by licensing other seaports nationwide to function. In the same vein, Hon. Gudaji Mohammed informed the House that the Committees on Custom and Finance had earlier met with the Customs and Federal Ministry of Finance and found out that the Executive government is in the process of procuring scanners for all ports and borders. While expressing his view, the Minority Leader, Hon. Ndudi Elumelu stated that porous ports and border routes to disaster as one cannot determine the sort of illegal foods, arms and other vices that are imported into the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!