The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has accused the All Progressives Congress (APC) of sending armed thugs to invade the venue of the meeting of its leaders, including Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde and the PDP candidate, Engr Musa Wada, in Lokoja on Friday. In a statement issued in Abuja on Friday by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, the party maintained that several hooded APC thugs, armed with automatic rifles and other dangerous weapons, invaded the venue of the meeting which had Governor Makinde, Engr Wada, his running mate, Hon. Samuel Aro, the PDP National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, as well as other party chieftains in attendance. According to the statement, it took the resistance of the security personnel attached to Governor Makinde to save the situation, “which would have turned calamitous, as the people of Kogi who were around the venue were already poised for a stiff confrontation.” ALSO READ: Gombe airport: Governor Inuwa wades into FAAN’s shutdown attempt BREAKING: Buhari arrives Nigeria from London private visit Kogi/Bayelsa guber polls: Reps Minority Caucus condemns… Be orderly, don’t sell your vote, monitoring group… Gombe SSG expresses displeasure over slow pace of project… The PDP said the APC ought to have known by now that their reliance on thugs and violence cannot thrive, as the people are ready to defend their state in this election. The party, therefore, urged in the Inspector General of Police Mohammed Adamu to caution the APC as well as put every measure in place to check the activities of APC’s thugs so as to ensure a hitch-free, transparent and credible election on Saturday. The PDP called on the people of Kogi State to remain alert and resolute in their determination to assert their will despite the machinations designed to undermine their spirit at the election. It also stated that Nigerians should hold the APC and Governor Yahaya Bello responsible should any harm whatsoever befall any PDP member during the period of the election. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!