Chief Willie Obiano, Anambra Governor, has appointed Nollywood actor Zubby Micheal as his Special Adviser on media. The actor announced the good news via his Instagram page, where he shared a photo of himself holding what appeared to be his appointment letter. “Dutycalls #SAonmedia #doings #nawedeyhere #blessup” he captioned the photo. Michael is a famous Nollywood actor, model, television personality and a philanthropist, who is known for playing a criminal, villain and hitman roles in movies. The Anambra born actor, who is very creative in acting, is known to have featured in various movies. In 2006, Zubby Michael joined the Nigerian movie industry (Nollywood) and acted in his first movie “The Three Widows” alongside popular Nollywood actress, Oge Okoye. Michael rose to fame after acting in the Nollywood blockbuster movies: “The Generals” and “Royal Storm” alongside with Jim Iyke, Sylvester Madu, Junior Pope Odonnwodo and Uche Jumbo in 2006. ALSO READ: Enugu govt to establish cancer screening centres in 3 zones The issue of gender inequality in governance and public… Witchcraft conference: UNN changes theme, key speaker as… Reps to probe security breaches during Bayelsa, Kogi guber… Reps probe multi-billion dollars remitted by Nigerians in… He became a mega superstar after starring in the Nollywood blockbuster movies, “Princess Rihanna. The movie, “Implication”, where he performed to the admiration of fans gave him a nomination for Best Actor in a Supporting Role at the Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards. In his Instagram, he said he had the ability to feature in any role but preferred to feature only in action-thriller movies. The new governor’s aide won several awards- “Most Promising Actor in Nigeria at the City People Entertainment Awards“, “Best Actor of the Year at the Africa Movie Academy Awards“. Also, he was the “Best Actor in a Supporting Role at the Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards“. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 34-year-old actor has joined the list of Nollywood stars who have taken political appointments. NAN also reports that in 2018, a popular Nollywood star Yul Edochie was made Special Adviser to the same governor. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!