IN the last one month, sea robbers have unleashed terror on passenger speed boats plying the Bonny, Okrika, Bille, Andoni, Kula and Ogoni river waterways in Rivers State, killing security operatives in the process and carting away personal belongings of boat passengers, including taking away boat engines during such attacks. Disclosing this to Tribune Online on Wednesday via telephone interview, a member of the Trustee of the Maritime Workers Union of Nigeria (MWUN), Comrade Harry White wondered what has happened to gunboats that were recently procured by the Rivers State government to tackle maritime crimes. According to Harry White, “In the last one month, speed boats plying our waterways have been subjected to increased robbery and killings. Many security operatives have lost their lives during these attacks on passenger boats plying Rivers State waterways. Police recover NDE stolen vehicle in Niger Republic Olore “torture centre” not approved by govt as correctional… Revenue generation: N7.5% increase tax bill scales second… Makinde has not fulfilled promises he made to me ― Lanlehin ALSO READ:  BREAKING: Popular Lagos Balogun Market on fire “From Bonny to Okrika waterways, down to Kula river, Bille river, Andoni river and Ogoni river, it’s been hell for waterways users in the last one month. Some security personnel and even civilians were killed four days ago in Bonny river because they resisted attack. After the killing, the robbers took away the personal effects of the boat passengers and also took away the boat engines. After robbing the boat passengers of their belongings, they pushed the passengers into the mangrove and left. “This has been reoccurring in the last one month and we need security operatives to come to our aid. “Just of recent, the Rivers State government bought some gunboats to tackle maritime crimes. Where are the gunboats? And why have they not been deployed for effective use?” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.