Experts in the education sector across the globe are to converge on the Federal Capital City, Abuja, to brainstorm on key challenges and new teaching techniques across all the levels of education. Founding President of International Society of Comparative Education, Science & Technology, Nigeria (ISCEST), Professor Steve Azaiki, said the annual conference of the society scheduled to hold next month would attract experts from universities and other stakeholders across the world. He noted that the conference would stimulate debate on a wide range of practices, issues, and solutions related to education, science, and technology. Azaiki said: “It also provides numerous opportunities for participants to compare key challenges and teaching techniques across all the levels of education. “The growth and changes that are taking place within institutions around the world have implications for national and sustainable development. Unizik to partner NOA to fight examination malpractice, drug… NECO sacks 70 staff for certificate forgery ANUPA trains FuLafia staff on efficient service delivery BREAKING: WAEC releases Nov/Dec 2019 examination results,… ALSO READ: FUTA suspends students for assaulting schoolmate “As the 21st Century speeds along, it is imperative for curriculum developers, policymakers, education officials and all concerned citizens to consider best practices that will allow the broad spectrum of educational activities to contribute to Nigeria and Africa’s development. “The Conference, over the years, has gained the reputation as the platform where experts deliberate on issues relating to educational rights and inclusion. “The conference, now in its sixth edition, will welcome delegates from countries, including U.S.A, Bulgaria, South Africa, Ireland, Canada, United Kingdom, Ukraine, Zambia, Sweden, Germany with others. The conference will also be live-streamed to the whole world to encourage virtual participation,” he said. He added that the sessions and side-sessions would cover some of the most pertinent themes relating to educational rights and inclusion in Nigeria. Some of these issues include an entrepreneurship focus for primary and secondary education, lifelong education for personal and national development, gender and entrepreneurship, sustainable education beyond 2020 and ICT for primary, secondary and Higher education among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!