THE Ogun State Government has completed the first phase renovation of 236 schools across the state. This development is coming as it commences the recruitment process of 1,500 teachers to fill existing vacancies in public schools. No fewer than 29,000 applicants applied for the job which closed on Saturday. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Dapo Abiodun, Kunle Somorin, the recruitment exercise would be completed before the end of the year. ALSO READ: No one is too powerful for me to control — Buhari Somorin said the government had started analysing the profiles of the would-be teachers. “Qualified candidates will be notified this week through Short Message Service (SMS) on the phone numbers submitted via the job portal,jobs.ogunstate.gov.ng. Candidates seeking for the job applied through the state job portal which was opened from 27th October to 8th November 2019. Candidates who applied for SUBEB jobs in the state applied with Labour ID card which is generated by applying online. Buhari meets Welby, Archbishop of Canterbury, in London Cooperate with govt on delivery of development goals, NSE… Makinde calls for religious harmony, tolerance as Muslims… Border closure should last for more than 2 years ― Hon… The office of the Special Advisers to State Governor on Youth Empowerment and Job Creation and the Education (Primary, Secondary and Vocational Skills) have started matching those on the database and linking them with the SUBEB requirements. The decision to recruit more teachers, the statement said, became necessary for the overall repositioning and betterment of the sector. It would be recalled that the State Government declared a state of emergency on the education sector and plans were made to rehabilitate schools that were in a very sorry state. Government’s commitment to providing conducive environments for teaching and learning had also made the state government embark of renovation and reconstruction of schools across the 236 Wards in the State. As at the weekend, a total number of 90 schools have been fixed. These schools are evenly distributed among the three senatorial districts. Gov Abiodun encouraged the teachers to promote good reading habits amongst their students through healthy competitions, which he noted would help students’ diction and essay writing. The statement added that Principals and Head Teachers in Public Primary and Secondary Schools who have all been paid running costs should use the money judiciously to justify its purpose. He further advised school administrators to channel more energy and resources to the teaching of Mathematics and English language in schools, saying, failure in these subjects would mean the inability of students to gain admissions into higher institutions. He also encouraged teachers to work harder and be more diligent in discharging their duties, adding that they to get their priorities right and show a good example by being punctual and well dressed. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.