The World Health Organisation(WHO) and United Nations Children’s Endowment Fund as well as African Field Epidemiology Network(AFENET),  have partnered  the Ekiti State Government to begin  aggressive campaign and vaccination of children against killer measles disease in the state. To achieve the set goal, the global health organisations said they have introduced a new vaccine to be administered on children at ages nine and 15 months, to reduce the scourge, regarded as one of the greatest killer diseases in sub- saharan Africa. Speaking in Ado Ekiti during a stakeholders’ meeting on anti- measles campaign, the UNICEF Senior State Technical Facilitator, Mr. Yahaya Oloriegbe, said the immunisation was a global initiative geared towards eradicating the dangerous disease. Oloriegbe added that the coalition was targeting 95 percent coverage for children at nine and 15 months of age with widespread  sensitisation and campaign programmes using critical stakeholders like the traditional and religious leaders. “This programme is part of the Sustainable Development Goals and it is a free health initiative to save our children from death .We are concerned about ensuring that services get to the right people. NASS moves to amend 1999 Constitution to increase presidential powers Therapeutic fasting  can regulate high  blood pressure Medical quackery, bane of sporting injury —Experts NURHI 2 supports PHC with equipment,  educational materials Exposure to traffic exhaust may cause stroke “The essence of the first and second doses of the vaccine is to build the children’s immunities and limit the level of exposure to the disease. The service is free and it is their rights to enjoy it and this campaign will help in preparing them ahead, “ he said. The Commissioner for Health, Dr Mojisola Yahaya-Kolade,  said available statistics in the country  revealed that  measles prevalent rate among  the children of that age range was 44 percent, which she said was too dangerous to be ignored. Kolade appealed to traditional rulers and heads of religious institutions to join in the campaign, to safeguard the lives of the Nigerian children from avoidable death. The Commissioner disclosed that the measles vaccine administration would commence in all the  government owned  health facilities in all the 177 wards in Ekiti on Thursday. She said, “The global Initiative is to banish measles and Ekiti under Governor Kayode Fayemi has keyed into the agenda. Experts believe that administration of the two doses will slim down the rate of attack , because by the time you administer the first one, viruses will come few months later, but  the second dose will strengthen their immunities and the virus won’t be able to suppress  them and the level of resistance will be high. “Our mothers  shouldn’t make a mistake by underrating measles, it is a killer disease and they should visit the designated health centres to have the vaccine administered on their children, because it is not going to be a house-to-house campaign administration like that of polio vaccine.”  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!