Detectives from the Ondo State Police Command are on the trail of two suspected assassins over the killing of a 36-year-old herbalist, Omotayo Omoakin, in Isowo quarters of Ifira Akoko, Akoko South-East Local Government Area of the state. It was gathered that the herbalist who was killed on Friday night was shot dead by the assailants who had laid siege for him at the entrance of his house. According to a source, who explained that Omoakin had retired to his house on Friday after the day’s work before he received a call on his mobile phone. He stated that Omoakin rushed out of his house immediately he received the call, saying he was still talking on his mobile when the suspected assassins shot him at close range, killing him on the spot. He said residents of the area ran inside their homes for fear of being hit by bullets and the assailants escaped from the scene. He, however, said no one could ascertain the deal between the deceased and the suspected killers but said the late herbalist was humble and known to be easy-going in the community. He said the two wives of the herbalist raised alarm but said the man was dead before help could reach him. Police arrest two suspected kidnappers who killed victim… Woman tells court how fake pastor, 2 others allegedly duped… Applicant in court for alleged vandalism Court remands labourer for allegedly defiling neighbour’s… ALSO READ: #BayelsaDecides: Boat carrying four journalists capsizes in Nun River He said “the assailants apparently laid siege for him and pump bullets into his body and dropped dead immediately. No one could come out to save him.” He, however, said the incident was reported at the Isua Akoko Police station while the Divisional Police Officer, Mr. Olowoyo Akinbode, led a team of policemen to the scene of the incident. He said the corpse of the deceased was moved to the morgue to the General Hospital in Ipe Akoko. Confirming the incident, Akinbode said the investigation had begun into the matter and said the case will be transferred to the state CID Akure. The State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Mr. Femi Joseph, also confirmed the incident, saying the herbalist was shot dead by unknown gunmen. He said Omoakin was killed in front of his house at about 8:30 pm on Friday and said efforts are in top gear to arrest the suspects. He said, “the suspect will be brought to book, we are on the trail of the suspects and also investigating the reasons behind the killing.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!