THE Managing Director of Women Radio, Toun Okewale Sonaiya has said  that there are plans to have Women Radio across the six geopolitical zones of Nigeria especially in the North East. She said this at the 4th annual Voice of Women Conference and Awards. The objective according to her is to amplify more voices of local woman in alignment with national discourse from the gender perspective. While declaring the award ceremony opened,  the First Lady of Nigeria, Dr. Mrs Aisha Muhammadu Buhari said the establishment of Nigeria’s 1st and only Women Radio is an achievement for all women and commended it’s leadership for the excellent work in giving voices to Nigerian women as well as  providing safe spaces to come together in sisterhood across ethnic, religious and political lines to reflect and strengthen the bond for the collective advancement of Nigerian women. The Wife of the Vice President Mrs Dolapo Osinbanjo in her own speech encouraged Nigerian women to be bold and assertive, put away fear and dare to go on the road that everyone thinks is impossible. In the same vein, the Governor of Kwara State, Mallam Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq urged Nigerian Women to deliver as he received  an award for his unprecedented record of 56% women inclusion in his cabinet. The keynote address  entitled: ‘Economic Contribution of Nigerian Women and the Global Benefit.’ was given by Dr. Kole Shettima, director MacArthur Foundation Africa. Mufuliat Fijabi CEO Nigeria Women Trust Fund set the agenda for the three high powered panels of thoughtful leaders and practitioners in the public, private and social sectors across inter-generational divide on strengthening the Nigerian Women Agenda of advancing women’s socio-economic and political interest. Why Oshiomhole must go —Ojezua, Edo APC chair Events planning pitfalls and how to overcome them Media influence on teen pregnancy in Nigeria Personal risk management Panelists at the event  included  Senator Biodun Olujimi, Nnenna Jacob-Agogo, Toyosi Akerele-Ogunsiji, Dr Mustapha, Soromidayo George, Dr Jessica Okanlawon, Folashade Ambrose-Medebem, Austin Aigbe, Ndi Kato, Kiki Mordi, Bukky Shonibare & Honourable Nnena Elendu Ukeje. Moderators were Tosin Dokpesi, Ebere Ifendu and Inimfon Etuk of SheForum. Ekiti State 1st lady Erelu Bisi Fayemi condemned the gender inequality gap that still exists on a large scale in the country. VOW2019 brought together Nigerians and friends of Nigeria from different sectors – Minister of Mines & Steel Architect Olamilekan Adegbite, wife of Senate President Hajia Maryam Ahmed Lawan, wife of Speaker of House of Rep. Mrs. Salamatu Gbajabiamila, 1st ladies of Kebbi Dr Zainab Shinkafi Bagudu, Ogun Mrs. Abiodun & Lagos Dr. Sanwoolu represented. Wives of Ministers of Petroleum & Interior Mrs Alanyinga Sylva and Alhaja Sherifat Aregbesola. Others include Princess Orelope Adefulire SSA to President Buhari on SDG, Chief Mrs. Kemi Nelson rep by Hon. Folashade Olabanji Gbola-Oba, media regulator NBC Franca Aiyetan, Namibia High Commissioner Mr Humphrey Geiseb, Funmilayo Oyefusi ActionAid Nigeria, IRI resident programme director Angela Wambugu, Hansatu Adegbite ED WIMBIZ and Aiki Odiawa of MCSMarquee.  VOW2019 AWARDS The First Lady of Nigeria, Dr. Mrs Aisha Muhammadu Buhari was awarded VOW Woman of the Year 2019 for her work on the Future Assured Project and advocacy on Women and girls. Kwara Governor Mallam Abdulrahman Adulrazaq got a standing ovation when presented with award for an unprecedented 56% female cabinet. Other awardees include AirPeace for achieving over 95% women representation at senior management level, Nigerian Export Promotion Council, Medicaid Cancer Foundation, Eleganza Industries, Esther Ijewere and lifetime achievement for Late Dr. STELLA Adadevoh. Toun Okewale Sonaiya the MD of Women Radio expressed her gratitude to every Nigerian Woman, Government and Private Agencies, and especially donor agencies for embracing Women Radio 91.7. The VOW Conference & Awards is an initiative of Voice of Women Empowerment Foundation in partnership with Women Radio. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!