As part of measures to promote education and moral discipline, Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed has said that his administration is making efforts to transform Islamiyya Schools in the state. The governor made the declaration while speaking at the closing ceremony of the 34th State Qur’anic Recitation Competition held at the Emir’s Palace in Ningi on Saturday. He reaffirmed the determination of his administration to strengthen the capacity of the State Qur’anic Recitation Competition in order to assist the participants to actualise their intellectual potentials. According to him, the state government will not only sustain the annual competition but encourage and support the interested and qualified young men and women to participate in such competitions. Bala Mohammed said: “I will like to express my pleasure for the outstanding performance of our representatives over the years, at the National and International levels of the Qur’anic recitation competition. It is gratifying to note that Bauchi State was the overall winner at the national competitions for the three consecutive years.” He added that: “This distinctive performance of our state at the national level has made it produce participants that have represented Nigeria at the International level of the competition. I commend these young boys and girls for making Bauchi state proud.” ALSO READ: Oyetola sympathises with Fulanis in Osun over killing of cows by lightning Bauchi Police nabs two for impersonating Bauchi Gov, defraud… 100 days in office: Foundation organises special prayers for… Bala Mohammed confirms yellow fever outbreak in Bauchi, says… Bala Mohammed acknowledges WHO, others for improved health… The governor expressed confidence that the competition will not only produce the best candidates but avail the participants and their teachers’ new rules of the competition as well as further their understanding of virtues of reciting the Qur’an to the Muslim ummah. He further pledged to provide the basic facilities for the convenient of the competition in order to enable the participants to excel both at the country and at the international level of the competition. To this end, Governor Bala Mohammed tasked parents not to relent in their role of ensuring proper upbringing of their children as this entails the inculcation of moral values in the children and the acquisition of both western and Islamic education. “As parents, we cannot afford to leave the growth and development of our children to chance. This will amount to jeopardising the future of the country,” he concluded. Speaking at the occasion, the Emir of Bauchi, Alhaji Rilwanu Sulaimanu Adamu, stressed the need for Muslims to ensure regular recitation of Holy Qur’an so as to have Allah’s blessings. In their separate remarks, the State Commissioner for Religious Affairs and Emir of Ningi, Ahmed Aliyu Jalam, Yunusa Mohammed Danyaya while applauding the Governor for giving the required support to the competition, expressed satisfaction with the maturity exhibited by the judges. The Chairman of Qur’anic Recitation Competition, Malam Mustapha Baba Ilelah explained that participants in the competition were drawn from the 20 local government areas of the state as contained in a statement by Muktar Gidado, Senior Special Assistant on Media to the Governor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!