A woman, Abiola Odeyemi, has approached Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, seeking for the dissolution of her 23-year-old marriage to her husband, Aderemi Odeyemi. Abiola hinged her action on lack of care and abandonment by her husband. She pleaded with the court, if her prayer was answered, to award her custody of their children and make him responsible for their upkeep and education. Aderemi refused to appear in court after being served a court summon and court hearing. “My lord, my husband’s behaviour is inhuman. He has no milk of kindness flowing in his blood,” Abiola told the court. “We got married 23 years ago, but he abandoned me and our children 12 years ago and went away with another woman. We have not set eyes on him since then. As a result of this, our children do not know him. “I have single handedly borne the responsibility of training our children and meeting their every need, these especially food and clothing. FG to construct N18bn University of Transportation in Daura Supreme Court sacks Adegbola as Eleruwa of Eruwa NYSC: 3 Fed Poly Offa graduates die in auto crash True leaders play down religion —Osinbajo “I enrolled each and every one of them in school and have trained almost all of them to tertiary level without a dime from him as his contribution towards this. “My lord, Aderemi is no longer interested in our marriage and cares less about our children’s survival. My lot is therefore not better than that of a widow. “My lord, I’ve come to court in order to have a clean cut from him. I, therefore, pray that you separate us. “I further plead that you mandate him to take up our children’s responsibility from henceforth in order that I have respite, “she concluded. Giving his judgment after he had listened to the plaintiff, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade dissolved their union and granted custody of their children to the plaintiff. The defendant was mandated to pay the plaintiff N20,000 through the court as their children’s feeding allowance and be responsible for their education and health care. A copy of the judgment was ordered to be served the defendant.   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!