KANO State Governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has warned ministries, departments and agencies in the state not to reject any corps members posted to serve their one-year national service, saying rejection is a disservice to the country. This is just as the Kano State Coordinator, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Alhaji Ladan Baba, urged corps members to accept wherever they are posted to serve and feel at home in Kano State. Speaking on Monday, Ganduje, who was represented by the state Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Comrade Kabiru Ado Lakwaya, at the closing ceremony of the 2019 Batch “C” stream 1 held at the NYSC permanent orientation camp urged them not to entertain any fear serving in Kano state. Ganduje said, “as you are posted to various places of primary assignments, in the 44 local government areas of the state, I urged you to accept the posting, go there and be patriotic.” The issue of gender inequality in governance and public… Witchcraft conference: UNN changes theme, key speaker as… Reps to probe security breaches during Bayelsa, Kogi guber… Reps probe multi-billion dollars remitted by Nigerians in… ALSO READ: Oyo market women stage solidarity rally for Makinde His words “in the same vein, on no account, should any ministry, department or agency reject any of the corps members, rather ensure that they settle down fast for the one-year national service.” He then charged them that “patriotism has no place for hatred, ill-feeling or negative vibes, you should always consider yourselves as an agent of change for the betterment of our society, wherever you may find yourself.” The state coordinator, Baba, said the corps members have learnt some rudiments of leadership and administration which made them understand that patriotism has no accommodation for ill-feeling or negatively, rather stand firmly and be bridge builders for peaceful co-existence and development. His words, “I am happy to report that to a greater extent, these objectives have been met,  the initial fear and anxiety gradually gave way to hope and determination for selfless service to the nation.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!