The entire Mangu local government area of Plateau State has been thrown into mourning following a gruesome murder of Alhaji Hashimu Mantu who was a brother of the former deputy Senate President Senator Nasiru Ibrahim Mantu. The local government especially Gindiri district of the council has been under a seige of gunmen in the past three months. A traditional ruler in the area was recently killed in a barbaric manner. A family source who described the deceased as an upright and fearless man said he was kidnapped at his residence in Gindiri on Friday last week by some gunmen and taken to unknown destination adding that some family members and members of the community launched out for his rescue but lost track of the abductors. The source further disclosed that the abductors did not demand ransom as it is in the case of kidnapping adding that his lifeless body was discovered on Saturday at about 4:00 pm in a bush close to the community by those on the rescue mission. Eid-El-Maulud: Lalong tasks Muslims on love Lalong signs MoU with Kenya govt to establish tea processing… Governor Lalong begins discussion with Kenya on agriculture… Gunmen kill 3 policemen, 2 others in Plateau ALSO READ: Bauchi to address challenges militating against implementation of social investment program He narrated that the people of Gindiri district for quite sometime have been having a running battle with the gunmen suspected to be Fulani bandits who often take advantage of the Fulani settlement in the area to attack the community adding that the natives accommodated the Fulanis, gave them lands to settle and have been living in peace until some bad elements who later joined shattered the prevailing peaceful and harmonious relationship. According to him, no fewer than six people were killed in the area recently including the district head of Langai adding that there were other instances where vigilantes were killed in the course of trying to wade off attacks from the community. Meanwhile, sympathisers have been trooping into the Gindiri country home of the former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ibrahim Mantu to commiserate with him and the entire family on the death of the senator’s brother. When contacted the State Police Public Relation Officer (PPRO) DSP Mathias Terna Tyopev simply declared thus: ” I am presently working on something, I will get back to you” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!