The Jigawa Forum of All Progressive Congress (APC) Non-Indigenes Forum has commended Gov Muhammad Badaru for his good governance towards the people of the state. This is contained in a statement signed by members of the forum which was made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) by Secretary-General of the forum, Mr. Samuel Adibe in Dutse on Wednesday. The group also appealed to Badaru to appoint Mr. Gabriel Nwobodo as Special Adviser on Non-Indigenes Affairs. While the forum recommends Nwobodo for political appointment, it also appreciated the giant strides of the governor in the provision of basic infrastructures like good road networks, education, health care delivery, agriculture and youth empowerment. ALSO READ: Presidency, Senate differ on January-December budget cycle performance Gov Bello tasks EFCC on alleged diversion of $181m IDB loan SUBEB woos 538,000 out-of-school children back to classrooms… Sharp division in Reps over move to abolish Post-UTME Lagos fire: Be more proactive, ADP tells FG The group said that there was the need to give Nwobodo appointment in view of his contribution toward the victory of APC in the state and the nation at large. “Nwobodo is currently the chairman of APC Non-Indigenes Forum in the state who worked tirelessly in ensuring the victory of the party in the state and the country in general. “It is in view of his remarkable efforts that we want his Excellency, the governor of Jigawa to compensate him. “We believe his appointment will ginger the non-indigenes to continue to contribute their quota towards the socio-economic and political development of the state,” the Forum said. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.