Bauchi State Water and Sewage Corporation have assured that over one million people are expected to benefit from the expansion and ongoing rehabilitation of Bauchi Urban Water project. The assurance was given by the Managing Director of Bauchi State Water Corporation, Engineer Aliyu Aminu Gital during an interactive session with reporters saying that the World Bank is supporting the state government to reactivate, rehabilitate and expand the water supply scheme of Bauchi metropolis. ALSO READ: We will make business environment more conducive ― Yahaya Bello He added that the development is because the capacity of the existing facilities cannot supply the water demand of the metropolis, assuring that the rehabilitation and expansion are expected to boost the facilities to be able to provide the water demand of the metropolis not only now but up to 2027. Anambra NYSC move to permanent site after 28 years We will make business environment more conducive ― Yahaya… 3 years after rejection, social media bill returns to Senate Environmentalists urge FG to outlaw bush burning to save… Aminu Gital said that “we have now reached the point where we laid down water pipes which will cover over 167 kilometres. We have completed the laying down of water pipes in Government Reserved Area (GRA) especially in Sokoto, Kano, and Kaduna roads all in old GRA. We have also laid pipes in​ State low-cost estate, even though we have challenges in laying the pipes from Gubi dam to town in some areas there are rocks, we are still working, destroying these rocks and laying our water pipes”. He explained that presently the population of Bauchi household with pipe-borne water is between 600,000 to 650,000 and since the project will reach 2027 we estimated that by that time the population will reach over 1.6million people. On the repairs of electric poles destroyed by windstorm, the managing director said that they are working hard on the project as directed by the state governor as part of corporate social responsibility saying, “we have already repaired classrooms that were blown up by the windstorm”. Aminu Gital, however, advised people of the state to cooperate with the corporation in its effort to ensure the success of the exercise to enable Bauchi community have required portable drinking water. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.