Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State has commended NNPC/Chevron Nigeria Ltd Joint Venture and the Chemical Society of Nigeria (CSN) for the love and value support provided for schools in promoting Chemistry in the state through the Annual National Chemistry Competition (Awokoya Memorial) for secondary school students in the state and in Nigeria. Commissioner of Basic and Secondary Education, Chiedu Ebie, who was represented by Egomagwuna Iloba Sunday, gave the commendation on behalf of the governor during the 2019 edition of the Annual National Chemistry Competition (Awokoya Memorial) Award Ceremony for Secondary School students in the state held on Saturday at PTI Conference Centre, Effurun. Chairman/Managing Director, CNL, Mr Jeffrey Ewing, who was represented by the Area Manager, Mr Sam Diabo, expressed the unwavering commitment of the NNPC/CNL Joint Venture, CSN and the Delta State government to the Awokoya Memorial Competition in Chemistry which, he noted, has continued to grow over the years. Ewing further expressed delight that the competition has continued to achieve its intended objectives, saying “we can only grow bigger, better and stronger.” According to him, the “competition has engendered great interest in the study of chemistry among secondary school students. “Some past winners of the competition have gone further to become national champions in other Chemistry competitions. “Over the years, the NNPC/CNL Joint Venture has shown commitment to supporting quality education through investments in education infrastructure, sponsorship of manpower development programmes and provision of scholarships. “We are committed to improving the quality of education in Nigeria because education is important for the development of the country. “Our corporate belief is that education remains a veritable tool for personal and societal growth and sustainable development. ALSO READ: PDP could not win Bayelsa, Kogi Election by violence ― APC Perm Sec, pregnant wife, 2 kids burnt to death in Benue… NDLEA nabs four suspected drug peddlers in Anambra NDDC debt profile: NASS to probe NLNG, Shell, 15 other IOCs Audit query: Reps summon NNPC top officials, ministries of… “We are pleased that our contributions to education are helping to improve the ability of Nigeria to develop quality manpower in different fields including, but not limited to, the oil and gas industry.” The CNL’s boss further noted that besides immortalising late Awokoya, the competition helps the students to develop their mental aptitude for personal development as well as stimulate students’ interest in the study of Chemistry and other science and technology subjects. In her candid admonition to students, Chairman, Chemical Society of Nigeria (CSN), Delta State chapter, Dr Mrs Tina Olubukola Isichi, urged them to shun the destructive slogan of “who school epp” doing the round among youths in the state. While deconstructing the trope, Dr Isichi admonished students in secondary schools to take their studies seriously rather than glamorising internet frauds, ‘Yahoo-Yahoo’ boys, advanced free fraud and other forms of criminality. “Who school help” is becoming increasingly popular among the youths considering the recent happenings whereby it’s those in the entertainment industry, advanced free fraud, Internet fraud and yahoo boys that seem to be “trending socially and financially. “I speak to our young students here today, do not be deceived by those who tell you ‘Who school help’ some of them echoing that phase are doing so because struggle through school and barely manage to pass in some cases, failed outright,” she admonished. She added: “So, I conclude by saying no man, no nation, no people who want to advance in the age we are will relegate education and say ‘who school help’. “School helped in the past, school is helping now and school will help in the future. School will always help.” Tribune Online reports that the Awokoya Memorial Competition was initiated in memory of Professor Stephen Awokoya, a great chemist who died on March 15 1985, by the NNPC/CNL Joint Venture to promote the study of Chemistry among secondary school students of Delta State. Highlights of the event were the presentation of gifts to Mr Akpeki Trust of Delta Careers College, Ugboroke, Mr Ifeanyi Elijah Dumkelechi of Peniel Academy, Agbor and Miss Oboh Victory of Lords and Kings Academy, Warri who emerged first, second and third in the 2019 competition respectively. Master Akpeti, 14-year-old in SSS 3, who thanked his teachers on behalf of his colleagues, attributed his success to sheer hard work and focus. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!