The Anambra State Police Command has arrested two suspected kidnapper for killing their victim after collecting a sum of three million naira ransom from his family. The command PPRO, SP Mohammed Haruna, in a statement said: “On the 15/11/2019 at about 03:30 am following actionable intelligence, Puff-Adder operatives in conjunction with the Command Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) tracked and arrested at Aro Ngwa, Owerrinta in Abia State one Anthony Robbert ‘m’ aged 25 years and one Udoka Nwoko ‘m’ aged 27 years after a fierce gun battle. He said the suspects who were fatally wounded during the encounter had on the 3/11/2019 kidnapped one Amaechi Ike ‘m’ at Awada in Onitsha, Anambra State, collected three Million Naira ransom (N3,000,000) from his family and still went ahead to kill the victim. He added that the suspects voluntarily confessed to the crime and immediately took Police detectives to the place where they buried the victim in a shallow grave. The corpse was exhumed and recovered as an exhibit. Woman tells court how fake pastor, 2 others allegedly duped… Applicant in court for alleged vandalism Court remands labourer for allegedly defiling neighbour’s… Police confirm killing of 3 policemen in Kaduna ALSO READ: NAF chopper crash: Reps summon Chief of Air Staff “Consequently, one locally-made revolver pistol and four live ammunition of .9mm were recovered from the suspects.” Meanwhile, suspects were taken to the hospital for medical attention and case is under investigation after which perpetrators would be brought to justice. The state Commissioner of Police CP John B. Abang assured residents and the general public that the Command under his watch will continue to hunt all the criminals in the state until they relocate from Anambra State or refrain from perpetrating crimes. The CP further enjoins the public not to relent in providing useful information that would assist the Police towards protecting lives and property of all the citizenry in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!