Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, has announced an inter-agency collaboration of all security and law enforcement agencies within the state to bring about lawful order, warning that there was no longer hiding place for lawbreakers as the government was poised to annihilate all forms of crimes across the state. Odumosu gave this warning while speaking with newsmen after a meeting of the enforcement committee to be headed by former Commissioner for Transport in the state, Comrade Kayode Opeifa, met with Governor Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu. According to the police boss, the committee, which has the backing of the governor, will move into action immediately, saying it was charged with the duties of monitoring and enforcing all the new executive orders and other existing laws of the state with a high sense of responsibility and the seriousness they deserved. This was as he vowed that the body was ready to annihilate all forms of crimes across the state, warning further that there was no longer any hiding place for miscreants using any of the agencies as shield or fronts to perpetrate crime(s) in the state as the new synergy formed would allow each agency to act on behalf of the other for efficiency. “We just came out of a meeting with the governor of the state and the pivot of our meeting is enforcing all the laws of Lagos State. All the heads of the government agencies that are involved in enforcing laws of the state. “So, we have come together to let any lawless members of the community know that Lagos of today won’t condone their lawlessness. We are together now in synergy, putting all our resources together and go after the lawbreakers in the society. ALSO READ: EFCC arraigns fake EFCC boss in Port Harcourt LASG seeks stakeholders’ support on emission control Lagos-Ibadan standard guage: LASTMA announces road closure… LASG strengthens emergency preparedness against infectious… Role of media critical in information dissemination ― LASG “Because we are now together, you cannot hide under any agency to break laws. An officer of LASTMA can do the job of a KAI if he is the one present at the scene of the crime. All security agents across the state can get involved in maintaining law and order, notwithstanding if it’s within their jurisdiction because we now work in synergy,” he stated. “Mobile Courts will now move from one point to another so we can now have instant judgement. All the laws will now be fully enforced,” the police boss added. Chairman of the Committee, Comrade Kayode Opeifa, said the committee was charged by the governor with the duty of keying into the dream of a Greater Lagos via a systematic approach of enforcing law and order. The former commissioner said the committee was put together to simplify the approach to keeping a sane society through well-coordinated activities of all agencies in the state saddled with the responsibility of making Lagos safe for optimum performance. “The whole essence of the meeting with the governor is to align with the Greater Lagos dream. To support the effort of the government in making life better for Lagosians,” he said. Opeifa, however, assured that the enforcement agency would be monitored to ensure it didn’t violate any fundamental rights or the laws establishing the component agencies. “We will monitor the enforcement agencies to ensure they don’t violate any fundamental rights or the laws establishing their agencies. More importantly, to encourage them to do their job without fear or favour. To provide technical understanding on the nitty-gritty of their assignments,” he assured. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!