THE Deputy Speaker of the House of Representative, Hon Ahmed Idris Wase, has congratulated Mr David Lyon of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on his emergence as the Governor-elect of Bayelsa State following his victory in Saturday’s governorship election held in the state. Wase equally congratulated Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State for his re-election for the second term as the executive governor of the state. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Monday by his Chief Press Secretary, Umar Muhammad Puma, Wase implored the Governors-elect to work closely with all persons and interest groups to move their States to the next level, while appealing to the people of the two states to remain law-abiding as they transition to new administration begins in earnest. ALSO READ: Kogi West Senatorial election: Adeyemi leads Melaye as INEC releases results of five LGAs Oyo on my mind Implementing inclusive education in Nigeria Still on the tax net Western Digital addresses storage need for video, AI… He said the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) deserved commendation for its conduct of the elections and advised the electoral umpire to properly appraise all aspects of the exercise and improve for future polls where necessary. The Deputy Speaker said that the victory had further confirmed that the APC “is widely accepted by Nigerians from all walks of life” noting that the people of Kogi and Bayelsa states have by their votes decided to identify with Next Level Agenda of President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration. While noting that the elections were widely observed to be free and fair with a massive turn out of voters, he commended the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and security agencies for doing a thorough job in ensuring a winner emerged through a transparent electoral process Wase, however, urged candidates of other parties who lost in the polls to put the contest behind them and join hands with the winners to move the states forward. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!