In order to be able to access funds from the Kuwaiti government for sectoral development, Bauchi State Government has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with a consulting company, Africa Energy S A Nigeria Limited. Under the MoU, the company will design, engage, advocate, facilitate, lead and make efforts towards assisting the state government to be able to access the Kuwait Fund which is one of the agenda 21 windows of the development fund from donor basket. While speaking at the signing of the MOU held at Government House on Thursday, Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Said that the company in accordance with its policies, resources and programme, and given the mutual interest of both the state government and Africa Energy S A’s development goals and agenda, shall agree on priority areas of the project that is but not limited to Natural Resources, Management, Food and Agriculture development projects, renewable energy, and water recycling. ALSO READ: NAFDAC suspends production in 17 sachet water companies in Kaduna He further said that under the agreement, Bauchi State Government will facilitate access to information and utilisation of personnel of relevant MDAs to enable the company to discharge its responsibilities without hitches. Bauchi government bans funding of funerals Bauchi to embark on renovation, construction of schools next… Bauchi set to present 2020 appropriation budget IPPIS: We won’t bow to pressure, ATBU ASUU declares Bala Mohammed then expressed confidence that when accessed, the Kuwait fund would be used for investment in critical sectors of the economy. On his part, the State Commissioner for Budget and Economic Planning, Dr Aminu Hassan Gamawa explained that part of the opportunities the state government is exploring is the Kuwait Fund as the fund is an opportunity for developing countries to access grants and loans for development. Aminu Gamawa who said that already Donor Agencies and International organisations have declared interest to invest and support the administration, he noted that under the agreement, the 2 bodies would work together to explore funding opportunities. The Budget and Economic Planning Commissioner recalled that, on assumption into office, Governor Bala Mohammed reiterated his commitment towards increasing the revenue and resources that are at the disposal of the government. Speaking on behalf of the company, Dr Mohammed Lawal Salisu said that with the signing of the MoU, Bauchi State is expected to access $200 million from the Kuwait fund as contained in a statement by Muktar Gidado, Senior Special Assistant on Media to the Governor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!