THE All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate for Kogi West Senatorial election, Senator Smart Adeyemi has rejected the claims by the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to boycott the supplementary election slated for November 30. Senator Adeyemi likewise urged his party members not to take the opposition statement seriously, described it as a deceitful tactic to make APC go asleep. Adeyemi spoke on Sunday in Lokoja on the sidelines of a statement by the National Secretariat of PDP in which it rejected the supplementary poll; an indication of boycotting the exercise. Adeyemi said: “For us in the APC, we will continue with our master plan of getting 90 per cent of the 30,000 PVC holders in the affected units because we will not be allowed ourselves be deceived by the Peoples Deceiving Party. “I, therefore, urged my party members not to allow the PDP statement becloud our sense of reasoning. We cannot trust them with any of their statement. ALSO READ: Task Force issues quit notice to illegal traders, roadside mechanics, others in Lagos Let’s finish Kogi West senatorial race with wider… Sokoto: Appeal Court reserves judgement on suit challenging… #KogiDecides2019: Bello commends INEC as he casts his vote Delta guber: Appeal Court reserves judgment in APC’s… “The deceitful nature of the opposition party and the questionable character of the candidate involved in the race, who is a pathological lier makes them untrustworthy. “We should take their statement with a pint of salt. The battle to capture Kogi West in a violent-free exercise is a battle of no retreat no surrender. “A snake disturbing a whole community cannot just be presumed dead until the head is cut off. We should not rest until our purpose is accomplished. “The PDP statement should be taken as a tonic to further galvanised for the election in order to subdue and consume them in a non-violent manner. We will restrategise and move with vigour to get 90 per cent of the votes. “PDP statement is deceitful and is to make us relax and go to sleep. Nobody will go to sleep until we finally sent home ‘the troubler of Isreal’.” Adeyemi concluded that the PDP may tomorrow deny their statement, hence the need for APC to continue their onslaught of getting overwhelming votes in a violence-free election. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!