In a determination to reduce road crashes and ensure the safety of people on the highways, the Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) has reiterated its commitment towards collaborating with traditional rulers. This was disclosed by the Zonal Commanding officer, Bauchi Zone Rs. 12, ACM, Imoh J. Etuk during the 2019 Special Marshals sectoral workshop held over the weekend at the Development Exchange Centre (DEC), Bauchi. He further explained that the corps will collaborate with traditional rulers to always advise their subjects to remain alive on the major highways by respecting traffic rules and warned both regular Road Safety Officials and Special Marshals not to be intimidating road users, rather ensure traffic rules are obeyed. Imoh Etuk commended the contribution of Special Marshals on reducing road accidents but advised them to improve their performance by organising enlightenment campaign programs and projecting the activities of FRSC. ALSO READ: Obi of Onitsha calls for establishment of Creative Arts Festival in South-East zone BREAKING: INEC declares APC’s David Lyon winner of… BREAKING: INEC declares Kogi West Senatorial election rerun… BREAKING: APC scores highest votes as INEC announces final… #BayelsaDecides: Residents in jubilation as APC leads Also speaking, the chairman of the occasion, Galadiman Bauchi, Surveyor Ibrahim Sa’idu Jahun, commended the Special Marshals, Bauchi Sector Command for the good initiative. He, however, noted with concern, the high rate of accidents recorded on highways across the country, saying such workshop will definitely checkmate the unnecessary road crashes. “The rate of death through road accident is very alarming, this workshop will bring out a solution towards avoiding unnecessary road crashes due to overspeeding, overtaking,” he said. In his speech, the State Coordinator of Special Marshals, SM Tumba Kwaghe, thanked the stakeholders that attended the occasion and urged them to continue supporting the Command. Represented by the State Deputy Coordinator, SM Kunle Gbadamosi, the State Coordinator assured that members of the Special Marshals will continue rendering selfless service to the commission and the nation in general. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!