Chieftains of Lagos State chapter of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), including a member, party’s Board of Trustees (BoT), Dr. Akinremi Akitoye; former Deputy Governor Kofo Bucknor- Akerele, Dr. Adegbola Dominic, among others on Tuesday affirmed Chief Olabode George as the leader of the party in the state as they dismissed existence of factions or group within the fold. They made this declaration at an emergency meeting of party stakeholders which took place at Ikoyi office of Chief George, against the background of planned congress by some party members in connivance with some young, ambitious elements within the Abuja party headquarters to elect new officers in the state and “get Chief Bode George out of the way” against the existing PDP rules and regulations. This was as they disclosed that a court injunction had since been obtained stopping the planned congress, with Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Ben Obi, Senator Biodun Olujimi, Hon. Jariga Agoro Jarigbe, Hon. Danladi Baidu Tuo and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) named as defendants. Justice T. A. O. Oyekan-Abdullahi of the Lagos High Court gave the order. ALSO READ: Assets declaration: CCT adjourns Onnoghen’s trial indefinitely Addressing newsmen, Dr Dominic, who is chairman of the party, said: “Today, we got the report that some people have been gathering to get Chief Olabode George out of the way. “These people are saying they are going to have an election and this our leader, Chief Olabode George is not aware of it.” Dominic, who acknowledged the leadership qualities in Chief George to include his straight-forwardness, intelligence, openness, among others, said it was unfortunate that some members who he described as “bad eggs” were trying to betray him, in spite of having benefitted from his large-heartedness. The party chairman, who contended that the party had its rules and regulations and does not believe in groups and factions, said it was based on this that aggrieved members had to go to court to stop those planning to organize the said election. “We don’t believe in groups and factions. We have rules and regulations that must be followed. Some members have to go to court to stop the election and the court has granted our prayers, an injunction that the status quo must remain, and I remain the chairman of the party in the state,” Dominic said. FG to equip 200,000 youths with digital skill in 2 years Suspected suicide bomber attacks Indonesia police station Kogi poll: Vote for Bello continuity, South-East APC tells… Kogi Election: IG says Police will be professional Speaking further, Dominic contended that leaders emerged naturally and only chairmen and others of the party were chosen by-elections, declaring that there was no way a party could exist without a leader. ALSO READ: PDP needs experienced sailor to navigate its ship to safe harbour —Anenih “There is no way we would have a party without having a leader to lead the party. You can elect the chairman and others but not the leader. “I don’t know which party would make success without a leader. I want to inform you that there is no problem with the party. We have no group, no faction,” he reiterated. Also speaking, Dr Akitoye, who decried the plan to hold congress by few members of the party, declared that the status quo remained not only at the state level but also at the local and ward levels in the state. Former deputy governor in the state, Senator Bucknor-Akerele, also maintained that the party remained united under the leadership of Chief George, adding: “We are determined that the party remains vigorous in the state to enable it to present a very strong opposition.” Former Minister of Transportation, Chief Ebenezer Babatope, who is a close friend of Chief George, said sadly that the same plot to change party leadership in Lagos State was being attempted in Osun State to remove the party chairman, Mr Soji Adagunodo. According to him, some party leaders, he described as ambitious at the PDP headquarters in Abuja are behind the plot, disclosing that they had even scheduled a meeting for Osogbo, the Osun State capital, where they wanted to pick who would come to officiate the aborted election in Lagos. “I don’t want to wash our party’s dirty linen in the open, what they are planning in Lagos, they are also planning it in Osun State where I come from. “Some over ambitious elements in PDP are trying to do this,” he said, adding: “They are planning this something in other states.” The former minister, however, saluted the Lagos PDP leaders and members for resisting the plot. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!