The wild jubilation that followed the declaration by Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC) that oil and gas have been discovered in Gongola Basun of the Benue trough is gradually giving way to high tension that is brewing between the two communities of Bauchi and Gombe states where the wells are located. Checks by our Correspondent revealed that the communities in Alkaleri LGA in Bauchi state and Akko LGA in Gombe state are now at daggers drawn on which of them should benefit more from the largesse that will accrue when real exploration begins. The tensed situation between the two States and the North in general over the discovery of oil in some border communities in the two North-Eastern States of the federation if not checked in good time may escalate therefore defeating the aim of the efforts put in place to discover the oil and gas in the area. Consequently, former Governor of Gombe State who is a serving Senator, Mohammad Danjuma Goje has called on President Muhammdu Buhari to as a matter of urgency intervene and douse the lingering tension between Gombe and Bauchi States over the ownership of some oil wells recently discovered in the two States. Senate confirms 15 NDDC board nominees, rejects one NGO prays court to stop appointment of management of NDDC Court suspends Operation Positive Identification, adjourns… Anambra Govt. hosts first set of NYSC members at permanent… ALSO READ: Court suspends operation positive identification, adjourns till November 18 Danjuma Goje made the call while in Gombe on Monday while chairing the opening ceremony of a two-day retreat for Commissioner-designate, Special Advisers and Permanent Secretaries in the Gombe State Civil Service aimed at preparing the political appointees to the task ahead of them. According to the former Governor, the discovery of the oil and gas should rather be seen as something that should further strengthen the unity and stability of the country since it is now creating a balance for wealth creation for the country. Danjuma Goje, therefore, called on President Muhammadu Buhari to urgently intervene in resolving the dispute about the location of the wells found in Communities that are located in Alkaleri Local Government Area of Bauchi State and Akko Local Government Area of Gombe State. He opined that the two states should see themselves as lucky to have been the joint owners of the discovery of the resources urging the leaders of the two states to join hands and see how to use the situation to draw attention for the development of the entire areas. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.