A Lokoja-based lawyer, Ehimoni Sunday, has approached the Federal High Court, Abuja with a suit seeking to disqualify the Kogi State governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Engineer Musa Wada from contesting the Saturday’s Kogi Guber elections. In the suit, which was commenced by Originating Summons, marked, FHC/ABJ/CS/1375/19 and filed on November 12, 2019, the PDP, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and Engineer Musa Wada are joined as 1st, 2nd and 3rd Defendants respectively. The Plaintiff wants the court to determine whether going by his medical records the candidate of the PDP, Musa Wada, ought not to be declared and certified as a person of unsound mind, sanctioned for providing false information to INEC on his forms and prevented from contesting. Making reference to Sections 182(1)(c) & (2)(a) and (b) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (As Amended) the plaintiff urged the court to determine, “whether in the light of 3rd Defendant’s Medical Records which emanated from the Federal Neuro-Psychiatric Hospital, Yaba Lagos State, the 3rd Defendant ought not to be declared a lunatic and or a person of unsound mind. 13 people including two children die in Lagos-Ibadan… BREAKING: Lagos PDP elects new executive despite restraining… Reps wade into lingering management crisis rocking NDDC Kwara holds open bid for construction of 26 urban roads “Whether by virtue of Sections 182(1) (c) & (2) (a) and (b) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (As Amended), the 3rd Defendant is qualified for election to the office of Governor of Kogi State. ALSO READ: Osinbajo didn’t pray with pastors for Buhari’s death in any church ― Laolu Akande “Whether having regard to the provisions of Sections 31 (2), (5) and (6) of the Electoral Act, 2010 (As Amended), Sections 182 (1) (c) & (2) (a) and (b) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (As Amended), vis-a-vis 3rd Defendant’s INEC form CFOO1, submitted to the 2nd Defendant by the 1st and 3rd Defendants, particularly Part “B”, Article “E” Question “1”, the 3rd Defendant has not provided false information regarding his mental health and therefore liable to be disqualified from contesting the Kogi State Governorship election scheduled for the 16th day of November, 2019”. Ehimoni is also praying the court to declare that the PDP governorship candidate is of unsound mind in view of his Medical Records which emanated from the Federal Neuro-Psychiatric Hospital, Yaba, Lagos State. He equally wants the court to declare that Wada, being a person of unsound mind is not qualified for election to the office of Governor of Kogi State and to also hold that Wada’s INEC form CFOO1 submitted to INEC contains false information regarding his mental health and should be disqualified from contesting the Kogi State Governorship election. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!