The National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC), Cabo Verde Airlines, Ethiopian Airlines and NIHOTOUR have been confirmed as partners for the 7th edition of Abuja Jabamah set to hold on November 18, 2019 at the Exhibition Hall of the International Conference Centre (ICC) Abuja. Abuja Jabamah, a travel event put together by the organisers of Akwaaba African Travel Market, is aimed at stimulating domestic tourism as well as boosting tourists’ traffic to the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). According to the organiser “It seeks to play host to a huge travelling population, hotels, tour operators and travel agents to recognised and Induct the 2019 batch of Nigeria’s Tourism 100 club. “The 2019 inductees with a key focus on emerging leaders within the youth population consist of exceptional tourism promoters, CEO’s, government officials, Media and Exceptional employees of companies positioning Nigerian Tourism to the world. Osinbajo didn’t pray with pastors for Buhari’s death in any church ― Laolu Akande “There will be B2B speed networking sessions while specifically showcasing the tourism attractions of northern Nigeria and delegates will have the opportunity to have a taste of Northern delicacies which will be catered by Abuja’s Chef Fatima. Speaking on the partnership, the organiser said “Cabo Verde Airlines is making its first appearances at the tourism event organised by Akwaaba African Travel Market. The airline, previously branded TACV Cabo Verde Airlines, is a scheduled passenger and cargo airline based in Praia, Cape Verde. I’ll make Cross River a window to Africa —Ayade Plateau commences plan for  NAFEST 2020, visits NCAC NCPC takes mandate to next level through innovation TIME Hotels wins big at World Luxury Hotel Awards 2019 “It is the national flag carrier of Cape Verde, operating flights to West Africa, Europe, North America and South America and will commence operation from Lagos, Nigeria, this December. This flight from Lagos will connect travellers to America, Europe and Latin America. “Ethiopian Airlines is no stranger to Akwaaba African Travel Market as it treated guests to a night of Ethiopian Experience at the just concluded event in Lagos. Ethiopian Airlines is the biggest Airline in Africa. In its over 70 years of operation, Ethiopian Airlines has become one of the continent’s leading carriers, unrivaled in efficiency and operational success. “As part of events lined up for the day, NIHOTOUR has promise to treat guests to a city tour of Abuja. NIHOTOUR, a Federal Government institution was established to meet the ever growing needs of tourism to provide best and quality service in the hospitality and tourism industry by introducing and training professionals in that field, as well as introducing post-graduate courses in the travel and tourism and hospitality fields. The institute will be at Jabamah to educate the public on its offerings and services. Also the Director-General, NCAC, Otunba Segun Runsewe, have carved a niche as one of the proactive heads of Federal Government agencies who took cultural promotion beyond the shores of Nigeria, attracting different countries and private sector to come to terms with the cultural sensibility and responsibility of the diverse ethnic divide in Nigeria. He has gone beyond the civil service routine whereby you only hear agencies during budget defenses. With the success of the recently concluded NAFEST in Edo State, NCAC has partnered Jabamah, which is coming two days before its international event, INAC.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!