Residents of Bayelsa are eagerly awaiting the release of Saturday’s governorship election result by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Bayelsa people defied flooding and other challenges to exercise their franchise in the election. While the voting process took place amidst tight security in some areas, eligible voters in flooded parts of the state could only access their communities by boat. Checks by NAN around Yenagoa on Sunday showed that the people were expectant of timely release of the results by INEC. At Opolo, Igbogene, Epie and Amarata areas of Yenagoa residents gathered to discuss the exercise and many expressed joy that the voting process was over. Mr Adolphus Ebitimi, a resident of Epie, told NAN: “We want to hear the final result, we want to be sure that what has been released at the unit and ward levels really counted. APC members call for Akeredolu’s expulsion #KogiDecides: Missing Adhoc staff safe ― INEC #KogiDecides: Bello leads in 15 LGs, Wada kicks Revenue boss laments high rate of tax evasion in Ekiti ALSO READ: #KogiDecides: Bello leads in 15 LGs, Wada kicks “We are calm and eagerly anxious to see the end of the process and that is by hearing the final results.’’ Another resident, Perekeni Dugura, expressed joy that the election ended without a serious crisis. “We have seen another day after the election, we are grateful to God Almighty, we are expecting the result to be released so that the state can move forward,’’ Dugura, a mechanic said. In a telephone conversation, Mr Inatimi Walter, a resident of Akassa in Brass Local Government Area, said the community was calm after the election. “We are only waiting on INEC to announce the final result. “We have done own part, but the authorised body has to announce the outcome,’’ Inatimi said. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!