Alumni Associations of Mission Schools in Lagos State have resolved unanimously to advance the educational interest of the schools. The Associations stated that the growth and development of the schools can better be attained if all hands are on deck. They made this disclosure at the symposium entitled Alumni Association as Driver of Social Responsibilities amongst its Audiences, held yesterday in commemoration of the 164th Founder’s Day of the Lagos Baptist Academy. The Alumni Associations involved were Baptist Academy Old Students Association, Old Grammarians Society, Methodist Girl’s’ High School Old Girls Association, St. Gregory’s College Old Boys Association and Reagan Memorial Baptist Girls Secondary School Old Girls. Speaking at the symposium, The President Of Methodist Girls’ High School Old Girls Association, Mrs. Yomi Afolabi noted that there is a need for the Associations to provide some input into the curriculum of the school and also adopt the school as a privileged one. Yomi, who identified the audiences as internal audience of teachers and students while the external audience are businessmen and prospective students, said that the students should be given a sense of belonging and also make a meaningful contribution to the development of the school. She recalled that her association mentor students and seek opportunities for the students; hence, the girls see them as a strong team and get inspiration to join them. ALSO READ: Senate asks FG to ban importation of textile for five years University of Abuja appoints new registrar Many universities laboratories, animal research facilities… Insecurity, major challenge to agricultural development ―… Caleb University gets new VC, DVC The President, Old Grammarian Society, Mr Olu Vincent noted that there is a need to offer scholarship opportunities to the students in order for them to be motivated towards cultivating the right values and promote academic excellence. Olu pointed out that the Associations should also leverage on the dividend of partnership with organizations to support the development of the school. President, Reagan Memorial Baptist Girls Secondary School Old Girls, Mrs Oyinkan Cole said that the Alumni Associations must be accountable through proper corporate governance. Oyinkan also said that the Associations should not be focusing only on upward members in the society, but extend a hand of fellowship to members who are not well-to-do. The President, St. Gregory’s College Old Boys Association, Justice Adeniyi Ademola harped on the imperativeness of the Associations to work with the government. He noted that fostering collaboration with the government will hasten the development demands of the school. While explaining the rationale behind the Association, The President of Baptist Academy Old Students Association, Mr Lanre Idowu noted that it was formed in order to compare notes on individual experiences in the effort to bring much-needed development to the schools, occasioned by the return of mission schools to the original owners. Idowu added that it would address the concern of members on how well they are fairing and kindling the interest of current students in school-Alumni relations. He explained further that it would renew a spirit of collaboration amongst legacy schools, anchored on their rich history. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!