Governors of the 36 states of the federation have announced their intention to move 24 million Nigerians out of poverty before 2030. Towards this, they have commenced a programme on Human Capital Development (HCD) initiative which kicked off in Kaduna Ekiti states. According to a statement issued in Abuja on Friday by the spokesman of the Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF), Abdulrazaq Barkindo, the plan is being jointly embarked upon by the NGF and the office of Vice President, Yemi Osinbanjo. While noting that human capital is the stock of habits, knowledge, social and personal attributes embodied in the ability to perform labour to produce economic value, the statement affirmed: “It is unique and differs from any other capital. It is needed for people to achieve goals, develop and remain innovative.” ALSO READ: Kogi/Bayelsa guber: Cancel polling units involved in violence, INEC urged The statement informed that was led by Yosola Akinbi of the office of the Vice President of Nigeria, the Core Working Group (CWG), commenced its sensitisation tour of the country in Kaduna where it met with Governor Nasiru El Rufai and Sagir Ahmed the States HCD Focal Person. It explained that the overall vision of the HCD is concentrated in three thematic areas which are Education, Public health and nutrition and the workforce. Akinbi told the governor of Kaduna State that when compared to the rest of the world, Nigeria is rated very low and that instead of playing the ostrich and living in denial, it is better for the country to rise to the occasion and confront the problem head-on. The statement said in his interaction with the CWG, El Rufai reeled out a number of gains in his HCD strides which include the establishment of an ICT innovation Hub, Click Kaduna, where young unemployed people and even sit-at-home mums are finding gainful employment and making money, some in hard currency. Lagos to procure tablets for teachers to improve teaching… Kogi/Bayelsa guber: Cancel polling units involved in… AEDC denies alleged case of vandalism, theft of NIPP… INEC reiterates commitment to fair, credible elections in… In outlining the overall vision of the state in the HCD project, El Rufai disclosed that he has established five Policy Councils that meet between 8 am and 10 am every working day and forward their resolutions which serve as the development compass of the state. These Policy Councils cover the critical areas of governance like Procurement Council, Infrastructure Council, Economic Development Council and Institutional Development Council and HCD. They are all headed by very senior members of his cabinet. The effect of these Councils is that they have brought pragmatism and expertise into governance and made my job easier because now I can sit back and the only assent to their resolutions or reject same, El Rufai stressed. This, he also added, has relegated the state executive council in the scheme of things in the state as a result of which the executive council doesn’t even meet as regularly as it used to, anymore. The statement noted that despite the strides of the HCD project in Kaduna State, both government officials and the traditional rulers of Kaduna regret that drug addiction is impeding the progress of youths in the state and is also the cause of crimes in the state. However, in Ekiti State, the Chairman of the Ekiti State Traditional Council, the Alawe of Ilawe, told the CWG that while Ekiti State is the fountain of knowledge it is still groaning under the weight of adult-illiteracy because most elderly people are left behind in erudition. He argued that there was a need to find a constitutional role for the traditional institutions in the country if the vision of the HCD were to be realised. On his part, the Chairman of the NGF and Governor of Ekiti State who met with the CWG in his office declared a total commitment to the HCD while telling them that they were preaching to the pope, where HCD is concerned. He said child mortality used to be very high in Ekiti State but that has since been addressed. He reminded the CWG that several HCD plans initiated by his previous administration were regrettably jettisoned by his predecessor but added that happily they are now gradually being returned to the governance tray. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.