THE Rector, Kwara State Polytechnic, Ilorin, Engineer Abdul Jimoh Mohammed, has appealed to Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq to restore monthly subvention of the institution for it to meet its needs. Speaking ahead of the institution’s 26th convocation ceremony for 2018/2019 academic year on Wednesday, the rector, however, appreciated the governor for his support at ensuring discharge of quality education since he assumed office a few months ago. “We appeal to the present state government under the leadership of Mallam Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq to please as a matter of urgency restore our school monthly subventions for us to be able to meet up with numerous challenge we are currently facing due to lack of funds,” he said. UI converts non-teaching staff to academic staff ranks SUBEB woos 538,000 out-of-school children back to classrooms… Unpaid 11 months salaries: LAUTECH ASUU issues ultimatum,… NUT commends FG for developing policies, curriculum on… ALSO READ:  JUST IN: Police uncover torture centre in Ibadan, rescue 200 inmates The Rector, who sympathised with the parents of the polytechnic students that were involved in accidents while travelling for one year compulsory NYSC service appealed to NYSC management to consider an extension of the days set aside for opening of camp for proper preparation of students going for the scheme. The rector also called on private investors and well-meaning individuals to seize the opportunity of public-private partnership of the school to come and build hostels for students as a kind of investment. Engineer Abdul also disclosed that Kwara State polytechnic is ready to host the representatives of various polytechnic across the country for the 20th edition of Nigeria Polytechnic Games (NIPOGA) at the main campus of the institution on 14th of December, 2019. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.