Governor Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State has described the state as a dangerous place where insurgents and kidnappers hide after been dispensed by security operatives. Governor Sule stated this on Monday while playing host to members of the Senior Course 42 of the Command and Staff College Jaji, who were on a study tour to the state. He informed them that, the state used to be peaceful, but now faced with contending backlash from its neighbours, Plateau, Benue, Taraba, Kwara, Kaduna and the FCT, with each confronted with one issue or the other and now exposed the state to danger. “Some of those issues actually extended to Nasarawa State. “Boko Haram that have been around Borno and the bandits somewhere around Zamfara, each time security agents disperse them, they want to come closer to Abuja and Nasarawa State seem to be a comfortable place for them to be,” he stated. ALSO READ: Kogi election failed minimum standard of credible poll ― NBA Bill & Melinda Gate, Dangote to partner Nasarawa govt… Nasarawa govt vows to resuscitate declined tribal cultural… Gov Sule to complete renovation of NYSC orientation camp,… Nasarawa govt to partner private sector for mass housing… Governor Sule, then emphasized the need for peaceful coexistence among the diverse peoples of the state, even as he said visions and aspirations of government will remain dreams without abiding peace. He expressed hope that members of the team will use the opportunity of their training to assist Nasarawa State and Nigeria as a whole, as according to him, Nigeria needs peace. “Nigeria needs peace because we have a President that is determined, we have leadership both at the states level and national level that are determined to ensure that citizens of Nigeria live in peace,” he added. Speaking earlier, leader of the team, Air Commodore Hassan Idris Alhaji, Director, Department of Air Warfare, Armed Forces Command and Staff College, said the objective of the tour is to familiarize the students with the socio-economic and political issues that are fundamental to the development of the country. Commodore Alhaji added that the tour will also afford the students the opportunity to have first-hand knowledge about prevailing security situation in Nasarawa State, as well as provide them with the knowledge of political, socio-economic and security policies programmes and strategies that are operational in this state. “The students of Senior Course 42 are therefore in Nasarawa State to know in specific terms, the socio-economic development that has made Nasarawa State outstanding in the areas of governance in the country. “They are particularly interested in knowing about the policies, strategies and efforts as well as challenges the state government and its local governments are facing in their bid to enhance national security,” he stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!