Sixty-eight students graduated with first-class honours during the 2018/2019 convocation of Bells University, Ota, on Saturday in Ogun. The Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Jeremiah Ojediran, gave the figure at the institution’s 11th convocation, conferment of honorary doctorate degrees and presentation of prizes. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 1,049 students graduated for the 2018/2019 academic session. They comprised 68 with first-class honours; 474 with second class upper honours; 328 with second class lower, 63 with third class, while 116 had postgraduate degrees. Ojediran said that the institution was responding to changes in needs of society by embarking on intensive research and development. “There is the need for increased commitment to providing appropriate infrastructure to conduct excellent research and fostering knowledge development so as to create a positive future for higher education and society,’’ he said. ALSO READ: International Day to End Impunity for Crimes Against Journalists: Journalists are safe in Gombe ― Inuwa Yahaya The VC said that the university had opened a skills development and resource centre to empower students and enable them to positively channel their strength, innovation and imagination to human development. He said that the university was also at an advanced stage of reactivating a working relationship and collaboration with the ICT University, Baton Rouge, USA. Earlier, Dr Wilson Badejo, Chairman of the Board of Trustee of the institution, said that within the 14 years of its existence, it had recorded remarkable achievement due to the unflinching support of the founding fathers. He said that the university would continue to make contributions to the development of education in Nigeria. Badejo congratulated the graduating students, encouraging them to build on their accomplishment and be good ambassadors of the institution. “I also want to remind you that a bright future can only come if you strive to be better than the best you are taking away from Bells University,’’ he said. Miss Hamzat Temitope, a student in the Department of Economics, College of Management Sciences, emerged the best student with a Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) of 4.95. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!