The House of Representatives on Thursday resolved to broker peace between Federal Government and Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) over the implementation of the Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information System (IPPIS) in government-owned universities across the country. The resolution was passed following the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon. Abbas Tajudeen who solicited for the House intervention. In adopting the motion, the House mandated its committees on Finance, Education and Labour and Employment to intervene in the dispute, with a view to identifying the cause of the misunderstanding and ensure amicable resolution of the crisis. The committees are expected to report back to the House in two weeks for further legislative actions. In his lead debate, Hon. Tajudeen informed the House that ASUU has been on a warpath with the federal government over the implementation of IPPIS in federal universities. He also expressed concern over the industrial action threat issued by the university lecturers if the government attempts to enforce the implementation of the policy. FG committed to enforcement of 9-year free, compulsory… FG, others urged to uphold, protect rights of Nigerian… U-TURN: Driving with the aid of Google map, not a crime —… Senate proposes Institute for quality security services ALSO READ: Oil companies debt recovery: I don’t need a Kobo ― Malami The lawmaker noted that ASUU is opposed to the policy on the grounds which he observed lacks legal backing and at variance with the autonomy of the universities. He further observed that though IPPIS, which was conceptualised in October 2006 by the Federal Government as part of its reform programme, has been effective in curbing the malaise of ghost workers, there is need to find a middle ground between the government and ASUU. According to him “if the Federal Government refused to back down on the implementation of the IPPIS policy in the universities as demanded by ASUU, ASUU may go on another strike which may jeopardise the current peace and stability being enjoyed in our university campuses “Even though the IPPIS is a good policy, but just like any other policy it should be reviewed from time to time with a view to strengthening it or addressing any manifested shortcomings in its implementation “Whatever are the differences between the Federal Government and ASUU on the implementation of the IPPIS policy in the universities, the matter should not be allowed to degenerate to another strike in our universities.” He argued that it was imperative for the House to wade in immediately and broker truce between the government and ASUU, so as to prevent the issue from escalating into an industrial dispute. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!