THE Edo State Chairman of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Dan Orbih has dismissed recent announcement of a suspension slammed on some top members of the party in the state. Orbih who spoke with journalists on Wednesday in Benin said that there was absolutely no reason by the pressure group which goes by the name, Integrity Group to have suspended the former Foreign Affairs Minister, Chief Tom Ikimi, former Chief of Staff to the President, Chief Mike Oghiadohme and former ex-Minister of Works, Mr. Mike Onolememen from the party over alleged anti-party activities. The PDP chairman who said that there was no faction in the opposition party, insisted that there no such group within the ranks of the PDP. A joint statement signed by the former chairman of the Nigeria Football Association (NFA), Mr. Jarret Tenebe and the former chairman of Owan West local government area, Mr. Dan Asekhame had also suspended Chief Raymond Dokpesi, Senator Yisa Braimoh, Senator Victor Oyofo and the former leader of the House of Representatives, Col. Tunde Akogun. 13 people including two children die in Lagos-Ibadan… BREAKING: Lagos PDP elects new executive despite restraining… Reps wade into lingering management crisis rocking NDDC Kwara holds open bid for construction of 26 urban roads ALSO READ: [UPDATE] Hate Speech Bill: Hate crimes law already exists ― FG Tenebe and Asekhame had explained that the suspension reportedly came after a stakeholders meeting attended by PDP leaders across the 18 local government areas of the state. The duo, however, passed a vote of confidence on the Chief Dan Orbih-led exco and adopted former governor, Chief Lucky Igbinedion as the leader of the party in Edo State. Orbih said: “There is no group as Integrity Group in Edo PDP. The respected leaders they mentioned have since sent goodwill messages to the party. I have spoken with Senator Yisa Braimah and High Chief Raymond Dokpesi who both promised to do the needful to ensure that we win the 2020 election.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!