Nigeria’s pioneer Technology Conference and Expo platform, Techplus, has revealed that the activities and programmes of the organisation from this year onward will focus more on creating a more inclusive pedestal that will help build a stronger digital economy in Nigeria and change the development narratives of all parts of the country. Techplus, a subsidiary of Republicom Group, has been a trailblazer in creating platforms that connects tech leaders globally with young, innovative tech lovers in the country. Highlighting this new focus at a special pre-event breakfast meeting that brought together government executives, technology experts and other business leaders, the  General Manager of Techplus, Eniola Edun explained that the organisation decided to take an assessment of where they are in the eco-system and how they can best re-invent themselves. In Edun’s words,” We started a journey early this year that is evolving our organisation into a platform for tech inclusion, positioning, connecting and enabling innovators in the eco- system for social change. NBA decries high spate of violence during Bayelsa, Kogi guber elections “We believe we can function as a voice that can project commendable social innovators so that they can attract quality partners and assistance that can get them to next level. We have been leveraging on the goodwill that was built by the brand in the last four years and this journey has led us into discovering a lot of talents outside the concentrated areas of Lagos and Abuja that we will gladly share at this meeting.” Sanwo-Olu welcomes Operation Crocodile Smile IV in Lagos Court orders IGP to provide details of alleged 80,115 ghost… Don’t link feud with Jonathan with your rigging,… Policy synergy: Buhari, APC governors converge on Jos Monday At the event, the story of one of the newly “discovered” talents was from Ahmad Moddibo of The North-East Humanitarian Innovation Hub (NEHIH) where the players are making a difference and finding home-grown tech solutions to humanitarian challenges in the North-East. In a presentation that evoked massive commendation for Techplus, Moddibo spoke and thereafter presented a documentary that revealed how they identified some priority needs and were able to leverage on technology to create new narratives for many disadvantaged persons in Nigeria’s war-torn North-East region. Commenting on the presentations and other plans highlighted by Techplus, Lagos State Commissioner for Science and technology, Hakeem Popoola Fahm who was one of the top government officials invited to the event commended the efforts of Techplus in creating a platform that  will enhance Nigeria’s digital knowledge which Lagos state can leverage on. Dr Isa Pantami, Minister for Communications and Digital economy who was represented by Chioma Oke-Aguguo of the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) equally commended Techplus in its efforts in the last half decade to grow Nigeria’s digital economy by supporting innovations and bringing thought leaders in the sector across the globe to impact young people. She promised that her ministry will continue to partner with Techplus to grow Nigeria’s digital economy.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!