A German state museum with one of the biggest collection of baroque treasures in Europe has been robbed, police said Monday, with media estimating losses of up to a billion euros. The Green Vault at Dresden’s Royal Palace, which is home to around 4,000 precious objects made of ivory, gold, silver, and jewels, was broken into early Monday morning. “This morning there was a break-in at the Green Vault,” police in Saxony state confirmed on Twitter, adding that an estimate of the damages was “not yet possible”. Bild newspaper reported meanwhile that “antique jewelry worth around a billion euros has been stolen” in what it called “probably the biggest art theft since World War Two.” ALSO READ: GDP: Economist tasks FG on policies in manufacturing, construction sectors One of the oldest museums in Europe, the Green Vault holds treasures including a 63.8-centimeter figure of a Moor studded with emeralds and a 547.71-carat sapphire gifted by Tsar Peter I of Russia. Bild said the criminals had broken into the well-protected palace by attacking a nearby power distributor and climbing through a window. They then proceeded to target smaller items of jewelry, leaving larger, bulkier items behind, Bild claimed, without citing sources. Founded by August the Strong, Elector of Saxony in 1723, the Green Vault is one of 12 museums that make up the famous Dresden State Art Collections. Its historic section, which contains around three-quarters of the museum’s treasures, was the one broken into on Monday. With a strict limit on the amount of daily visitors, entrance to the historic vault can only be reserved in advance. Exhibits are arranged into nine rooms, including an ivory room, a silver-gilt room and the central “Hall of Treasures”. One of its most valuable pieces, the green diamond, is currently on loan to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, where it is a headline attraction in the temporary exhibition “Making Marvels: Science and Splendor at the Courts of Europe.” After the Royal Palace suffered severe damage in World War Two, the Green Vault remained closed for decades before it was restored and re-opened in 2006. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!