Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has threatened to demolish all the massive structures illegally built on road alignments in Lekki causing flooding in that axis of the state. The governor issued the threat on Saturday after undertaking a tour of Lekki regional roads and alignments in Lekki area of the state, even as he blamed the excessive flooding that submerged so many houses and destroyed property worth billions of naira on the illegality. Sanwo-Olu described the haphazard development on the Lekki corridor as shameful, saying no responsible government would fold its hands and allow its built environment to be distorted with illegal structures, mini developments. “This alignment is called Lekki Regional Road. It is meant to be a relief access road to the Lekki-Epe Expressway,” the governor said, just as he noted the haphazard development in Brownstone Estate as a major concern. You are unreliable, cleaner tells owner of N243m stolen… Quality education sacrosanct in Lagos schools ― Sanwo- Olu Sanwo-Olu’s wife defies downpour, leads clean–up of… NigeriaAt59: We must remain united to build prosperous… ALSO READ: Gunmen in NYSC uniforms attack Ifeanyi Ubah FC bus in Kogi, shoot driver “Where we are now (Brownstone Estate) is our major place of concern. This is where people have completely bastardised the right of way. Where people have built structures around this place first without approval. More importantly on our right of way on the relieve regional way that would ease traffic that would ensure that people can commute from one part of the Lekki regional part to the other parts. “We are going to instruct the Ministry of Physical Planning first to come and ask and seek for their building approval, the ones that do not have, we will mark these buildings for demolition. We will need to ask them which alternative they want to give us. What alternative are they going to provide for us,” Sanwo-Olu said. The governor maintained that the builders of the structures like The Ridge Terrace, and those on Suliman Galadima Street in Brownstone Estate located in Lekki area of the state displayed a high level of irresponsibility, expressing government’s displeasure with their actions. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!