The Anambra State Police Command has rescued three stolen children and arrested two suspected female syndicates. The Command spokesman, SP Haruna Muhammed, disclosed this while parading the suspected child traffickers on behalf of the state commissioner, Mr John Abang, on Monday, before newsmen at the command headquarters in Awka. He said on Thursday 22nd of November, 2019 at about 1:30 pm following intelligence report, Police detectives in Anambra State arrested two female suspects at Nkpor in Idemili North Local Government Area of the State. He said the police detectives in Anambra State arrested two female suspects at Nkpor in Idemili North LGA of the State on Thursday. According to him, the preliminary investigation by Police detectives attached to Otoucha Division revealed that the two children were allegedly stolen from Enuguwu Aguleri in Anambra East LGA by one Ani Chisom aged 28 years of Amuri in Nkanu-East LGA of Enugu State and Afamefuna Udodili aged 32 years of Orodo in Mbaitolu LGA of Imo State. ALSO READ: Building collapse: 2 engineers arraigned in Lagos Nigeria needs more skills acquisition institutions to curb… I’II restore glory of Onitsha business community ― ONICCIMA… One killed, nine injured in Anambra accident Catholic church distributes N27m to tanker fire victims in… Mohammed said following the Public announcement by the Command on the 22nd of November, 2019, parents of the two kids from Enugu Aguleri came and identified their children. The names of the children are Confidence Ejike, aged five years and Blessing Ejike, aged 7 months old respectively. Meanwhile, the children have since reunited with their parents and case is under investigation after which suspects would be charged to court for prosecution. He also stated that the Commissioner of Police, John Abang, had urged parents and guardians to monitor their children and caution them against following strangers. “The CP further enjoins the Public to report any suspicious persons to the nearest Police Station.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!