Suspected gunmen, on Monday evening, abducted three Chinese nationals at Itagunmodi in Atakumosa East Local Government Area of Osun State after killing a police orderly attached to them. A security source informed the Nigerian Tribune that the incident, which created panic in the community, occurred around 5.50 p.m. The gunmen were said to have escaped with the AK-47 rifle of the slain policeman, who was a sergeant in the Special Protection Unit (SPU) of the Nigeria Police Force. “The Chinese abducted by the suspected kidnappers, who work in a mining site were four, while one of them managed to escape after being shot. The shot Chinese was first taken to Wesley Guild Hospital, Ilesa before he was referred to the Obafemi Awolowo University Teaching Hospital Complex (OAUTHC) due to the severity of the injury,” the source hinted. Police recover decomposed body of 65-year-old medical doctor… Police arrest vigilante member for allegedly killing man in… Police arrest 3 armed robbery suspects in Ondo Ekiti bank robbery: Police allege internal connivance,… ALSO READ: Police rescue 2 South-Africans from kidnappers in Kaduna However, another version of the incident indicated that two Chinese expatriates and two Nigerians were abducted by hooded gunmen, who stormed Ijoka village, via Itagunmodi. One of the villagers, Akinmola Adebusuyi, told the Nigerian Tribune that the gunmen had earlier hidden in the bush where they abducted a local hunter before they stormed the mining site, shooting sporadically to scare people. Adebusuyi further stated that “during the attack at the mining site, the hunter escaped, while the gunmen abducted two Chinese expatriates and two Nigerians at their camp.” When contacted, the state Commissioner of Police, Mrs Abiodun Ige, confirmed the incident, saying policemen were already combing the forest to rescue the abducted Chinese. She said: “I am just leaving the scene of the incident. Our men, who are being assisted by local vigilance group members and hunters, are inside the bush to rescue the victims and apprehend the hoodlums.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!