The presidency has told the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to accept the outcomes of the Kogi and Bayelsa gubernatorial polls with grace, saying the opposition’s rejection of the results is a disgrace. In a statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media and Publicity), in Abuja on Monday, it observed that it is predictable that PDP had raised allegations of fabricated results on the elections. The statement said this happens each time the poll result does not favour the opposition. It said: “Predictably, we have seen the accusation of fabricated results from the opposition Peoples Democratic Party, the PDP. Yet, the only fabrication is PDP’s conduct. “It has now become standard procedure for the party to challenge any poll that does not return its candidates. Election is good when the PDP wins. The opposite is the case if any party other than the PDP wins. “Democracy is not only about who wins or who loses, but also about the process. In disparaging every unfavourable result, they disgrace themselves by casting aspersion on the entire system.” The presidency recalled that February 2019 election saw the loss of five APC governors, adding: “The government accepted the results. In doing so, we realised that we did not win the argument in those contests, and so we didn’t win enough votes. ALSO READ: Be magnanimous in victory, Omo-Agege tells Yahaya Bello “We retired to assess what went wrong: were we responsive enough to the electorate’s needs and priorities? How can we improve on speaking to the nation’s hopes? We got ready and prepared ourselves well for the next contest. The result is a healthier, more rigorous election. “In rejecting the results as PDP has done, this reflection does not happen. Instead, the electorate gets mudslinging. Improvement is not sought, but cries of victimization; this is not an atmosphere in which democratic debate can thrive. “Opposition strategy of attacking the electoral commission, security agencies, government at the centre and the person of President Muhammadu Buhari after each election loss is antithetical to healthy democratic norms. “Candidates and parties, especially those that have lost, are not told to examine their campaign tactics and strategies with a view to improving their chances for the next election. The result of not doing this is a loss for the electorate and for the parties concerned. Buhari not sponsor of Hate Speech Bill, Senate replies PDP NBA decries high spate of violence during Bayelsa, Kogi… APC lauds Bayelsa, Kogi electorate over victories #KogiDecides2019: My victory for true democrats ― Bello “We call on APC supporters to show dignity in victory, and for all Nigerians to remain peaceful in the wake of these elections. We call on PDP to learn to be democrats. We must now come together to build a brighter future for Nigeria.” Meanwhile, the national chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and the co-chairmen of the party’s Bayelsa state campaign organization, Governors Atiku Bagudu (Kebbi) and Abubakar Badaru (Jigawa) have praised former President Goodluck Jonathan over the election in the state. Speaking to State House correspondents after presenting the state governor-elect, David Lyon, of the APC to President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday, they praised him for accepting the outcome of the Bayelsa election. Badaru had earlier led the party’s chieftains on a courtesy visit to “appreciate” the former president in his Bayelsa residence. Oshiomhole stated: “We also want to appreciate the very warm reception that the former president accorded our candidate who in line with his character of humane, simplicity and commitment, in company of our chairman of APC governorship campaign for Bayelsa state, Jigawa state governor Abubakar Baduru and governor Bagudu who is the Chairman of APC governors forum and co-chair of the Bayelsa election.” On his part, the co-chairman of the APC Bayelsa campaign organization and Kebbi state Governor, Bagudu, said: “It is equally noteworthy that Bayelsa is a home of a former president of Nigeria and this election won by a party different from the one he belongs, has been accepted by all including around him and so far, from what we hear and what we are, he also is happy with the outcome irrespective of the difference in the party, which is an indication of the transparency of the process. “This is a victory for Nigeria because it shows that parts of the country that have been under another political party, can in a free, fair election make their democratic choice and vote for another party with the right candidate.” Minister of State for Petroleum and APC leader in Bayelsa, Timipre Sylvia said in his remark that Governor Seriake Dickson made APC’s victory easier for the party. He said: “Governor Dickson, unfortunately, made our job very easy because he married the wife very badly. Of course, this proverb pre-supposes that if you marry a wife badly, you will not get another wife. So he did not marry the state very well, so the state roundly rejected him.” Lyon, who was declared the winner of the Bayelsa poll by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), told State House correspondents that he will accord priority to security and development of Bayelsa state when sworn in. He said he will serve the citizens of the state and not the other way round. The Governor-elect thanked President Buhari for his fatherly advice, assuring that he will not disappoint the party. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!