The Court of Appeal in Ibadan has reserved judgment in an appeal filed by Mr Adekunle Akinlade of Allied People’s Movement (APM) against the victory of Mr Dapo Abiodun of All Progressives Congress (APC) in the March 9 governorship election in Ogun State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Akinlabi appealed the Sept. 4 judgment of the Election Petition Tribunal in Abeokuta that upheld the victory of Abiodun as the Ogun State governor. NAN reports that other respondents in the appeal are the APC and Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The five-man panel of the appeal court Presided over by Justice Abubakar Yahaya reserved judgment after listening to the argument of all the parties. Osinbajo to declare 25th edition of MSMEs clinic open in… Nigeria shortchanged in power sector deals ― Senate… Senate confirms appointment of Kanyip as President of… Appeal Court ruling: It was a period of experiencing enemy… Yahaya said that judgment would be communicated to the council. ALSO READ: Appeal court to fix date to determine Kashamu’s extradition to US Earlier, the lead Counsel to APM, Mr Sebastine Hon (SAN), said Abiodun submitted a false academic qualification to aid his qualification to contest the 2019 governorship election. Hon contented that there was a difference between what he wrote in the form CFO submitted in 2015 to contest the Senatorial election and the one submitted in 2019 for the governorship election. He said that Abiodun was not qualified to contest the governorship election base on his false qualification and urged the court to uphold the appeal. In his argument, Abiodun’s counsel, Mr Taiwo Osipitan (SAN), said his client was qualified to contest the governorship election. Osipitan said the issue of academic qualification was a pre-election matter which ought to have been brought to court within 14 days after the document was submitted. He said that the appellants did not have any grounds of appeal and urged the court to dismiss the appeal. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.