Stakeholders have urged Christians, irrespective of denominations, to embrace a positive attitude to herbal medicine, and support tree planting, to ensure that forests thrive within African settings. This was the thrust of the 2019 edition of the Adeolu Adegbola Memorial lecture, held recently at the Institute of Church and Society, Samonda, Ibadan, Oyo State, which had Professor Kofi Asare Opoku, as the guest speaker. Earlier, in his welcome address, the ICS Director, Very Reverend Kolade Fadahunsi, said: “By the peculiarities of the nature of forests, it would be detrimental to the survival of the human species if we dismiss the importance of forests. Forests are a breeding ground for the air we breathe. They provide sources for the wood we use and even cater to the living resources of various forms of nature. Among other references, as a religious body, the publications and other materials we use for services are made from trees. So, what excuse do we have for not preserving forests?” Cleric cautions govts against empty promises Akinola calls for declaration of state of emergency on… A Biography of Pastor Chris Oyakhilome: The Glorious Life of… Cleric tasks Christians on love and services to humanity In his address, Professor Opoku, a former Associate Professor of Religion and Ethics and the Institute of African Studies at the University of Ghana, Legon, retired Professor of Religious Studies at Lafayette College in Pennsylvania, United States and an authority on traditional African religion, spoke on the benefits nature offers humans, while encouraging the Christian community to support the cause of enriching nature through tree planting and scientific investigation. He spoke on the rich benefits of herbal medicine, and cited the prevalent attitude of Christians to herbal medicine, noting that herbs found in African setting can also be subject to scientific investigation. He gave the example of the ‘agbayun’, popularly referred to as the ‘miracle fruit’, stating that the fruit bears symbols of wealth, health and good wishes because of the benefits it offers. Other examples of crops with health benefits include lemon grass, soursop (the best medicine for cancer), and alligator pepper. The event witnessed the presence of officials and representatives of the member churches under the umbrella of the Christian Council of Nigeria (CCN), as well as lecturers and other dignitaries from the University of Ibadan, Dominican University Ibadan, Immanuel College of Theology, Ibadan, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.