A total of 107 students have graduated from the School of Vocational Training of Igando-Ikotun Local Council Development Area (LCDA) in Lagos State after completing a nine-month course in various skills. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the participants were trained in Hairdressing, Fashion Design, Catering, Make-up, Computer and Coding during the 6th edition of the programme. Speaking at the graduation, on Wednesday, Chairperson of Igando-Ikotun LCDA, Mrs Morenike Williams, charged the graduates to be dedicated to their chosen vocation and to always consult their instructors whenever the need arose. “Dedication is the difference between successful people and quitters, continue to go after your dreams. “Being a graduate is not enough, I am a graduate, but I can sew, I can make hair, I’m a caterer, so there is nothing limiting you. “I believe that all the experience you acquired here if you put them into practice should be able to earn you a living and even be employers of labour,’’ the council chairperson said. She urged the graduates to take advantage of the newly-created Lagos State Employment Trust Fund to obtain small loans to start their business. ALSO READ: Convene NEC meeting or resign, APC governors tell Oshiomhole Nasarawa Assembly passes N4.67bn 2019 supplementary budget Scientists develop GM tomatoes to address post-harvest… Convene NEC meeting or resign, APC governors tell Oshiomhole FG to equip 200,000 youths with digital skill in 2 years “It’s under the state’s microcredit scheme, they can access a loan in order to facilitate their businesses,’’ he said. In an interview with NAN, one of the graduates, Chisom Nwajiobi, said that the programme would further encourage youths to get busy. “It’s a very impressive programme, I came for my birth certificate at the council when I came across the advert, I’m glad I took advantage of it, now I can sew. “It will be better if the Fashion Design Department can get more sewing machines so that more people can get involved during practicals,’’ she said. Another beneficiary, Paul Odivwri, 34-year-old fashion designer, told NAN that he felt fulfilled about the programme. “I’m so happy the local government gave us this opportunity to learn, I’m proud of myself, when we started we were two men. “My love for fashion pushed me, I intend to put my best into this, my focus is now to get better at my craft,’’ he said. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!