Operatives of the Lagos State Police Command have arrested a driver, whose vehicle allegedly killed a painter and injured three others in a multiple accident in the Surulere area of Lagos State. The image maker in charge of the state police command, Bala Elkana, confirmed the arrest of the driver for “reckless and dangerous driving.” The police image maker said: ” On 13th November 2019, at about12:30hrs a case of a fatal motor accident involving three Toyota cars and a motorcycle at Masha overhead bridge was reported at Surulere. ” A driver to a Black Toyota Camry with registration number Lagos BDG 24 FL named Meshach Baba ‘m’ of no 10, Odogbolu Street off Ademola Aguda Lagos was coming from National stadium with top speed inward Masha when he swerved to another lane and hit a Bajaj motorcycle with a rider and his passenger and also hit two vehicles that were equally coming from Shitta inwards the National stadium.” 54-year-old man bathes, kills neighbour with hot water Herbalist shot dead in Ondo Police arrest two suspected kidnappers who killed victim… Woman tells court how fake pastor, 2 others allegedly duped… ALSO READ:Nigeria hosts international conference on comparative education He also stated that: “The passenger of the motorcycle died on the spot. Name and address of the passenger are not known yet.” Elkana added that: ” Indication showed that he might be a painter because of stains of different colours of paints in his clothes. “The corpse was deposited at Randle General Hospital Mortuary, Surulere. The damaged vehicles were removed from the road for VIO inspection.” He also emphasized that :” The driver who caused the accident is arrested. Investigations is ongoing, the suspect will be charged to Court.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!