The Ohaneze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide has advised Pastor Yemi Osibanjo to exit honourably and return to evangelism where he’s destined to excel, not as President in 2023, or face the worst treatment ahead of him. According to the group in a statement signed by its President, General Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, and made available to newsmen in Abakaliki; noted that the outright sack of VP aides prove that the VP is likely to face the humiliation like former Chief Justice of Nigeria, Justice Walter Onnoghen. According to the group, there’s a sinister motive behind the sacking of VP political aides to other ministries and parastatals and the rift between the two top men may cause a constitutional crisis and might bring disrepute to the office of the Vice President and President. ALSO READ: Nigeria needs state police to tackle insecurity ― Ex-AIG Reps member condemns burning of SDP secretariat in Kogi Anambra workers to get salaries, benefits Dec 15 Delta guber: Appeal Court reserves judgment in APC’s… Court reserves judgment in appeal against Ihedioha’s… “Osibanjo should make hay while the sun shines, as Onnoghen humiliation out of office is a child play on what is likely to happen to him if there’s constitutional breach from the office of the Vice President. “We are sure that President Muhammadu Buhari will likely pardon Osibanjo, but will those who will likely benefit from the rift allow peace to return? “Senator Ahmed Bola Tinubu, the National Leader APC had likely seen this handwriting on the wall and carefully choose to support and side President Muhammadu Buhari instead of VP Yemi Osibanjo,his political godson, when Senator Ahmed Tinubu commended positively that there’s nothing amiss for President to sign the offshore bills in London, while observing his private visit without transiting power to VP Osibanjo, its a clear testimony that VP Osibanjo is likely on his own and should mend his ways or champion his destiny somewhere else.” Meanwhile, OYC maintained that they have confidence that power will definitely shift to South-East as one of the South-East governors is likely to be in a position to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!