There are indications that this year’s edition of Odogbolu Heritage Festival will get more leverage and will be  bigger than past events following the signal received from the Ogun State government and the bringing in of an acclaimed festival marketing consultant, INFOGEM. This is coming as the permanent secretary of the state Ministry of Culture and Tourism, represented by Mrs Funke Ilori, who assured the festival committee of the ministry’s full participation at the grand finale, recognising the event as a unique people driven festival that fall under the tourism agenda of the state. According to her “This event is starting small but we should not be discouraged because every successful event we now attach importance to started small and gradually gets bigger to an enviable stage. “Today we are making an effort that will tomorrow be a point of reference like other big cultural festivals in Nigeria.” However, in its readiness to internationalise the heritage of the Odogbolu people in Ogun State, the Odogbolu Heritage Festival committee has unveilled a brand new logo to boost the festival promotion beyond its present status. The unveiling of the festival logo which was held alongside the rolling out of the 2019 programme of event at the NUJ secretariat, Iwe Irohin in Abeokuta, was another turn in the effort of the new committee saddled with this year’s edition to give the festival a facelift with the signing of INFOGEM as the new market consultant to the festival. Speaking at the event the chairman of the Odogbolu Community Devlopment Committee, Chief Omololu Adegbuyi said, “Odogbolu is one of the unique places in the history of the Ijebu, not only having highly placed illustrous sons and daughters in the society, but also prestine location as the spiritual headquarters of Ijebuland with countless cultural products to attract visitors. “We are poised to use the festival to promote, celebrate and bring infrastructural development to Odogbolu and its surroundings through the support of the Ogun State government and others. Senator Ubah calls for sustainable peace in Anambra… Support Nigeria culture, tradition to promote peace ―… Why Nigerians should no longer travel abroad for orthopaedic… IYC urges Lyon to include opposition in his govt Otunba Kunle Adegbite, Vice President, Odogbolu Community Devlopment Committee said, “Our main aim of sealing a deal with a marketing consultant, the chairman of INFOGEM, Otunba Ayo Olumoko, is to fully transform the festival into something bigger and people driven by introducing more engaging activities that do not only celebrate and boost cultural promotion, but also activating new features that will stimulate economic activities. “We are now making it more than a day event to an innovative gathering to celebrate the uniqueness of the Odogbolu’s location, people and heritage to boost tourist traffic to Ogun State. Also speaking on the brand positioning of OHF, the chairman of INFOGEM, Otunba Olumoko assured the committee of a brand new festival outlook and innovative trend in terms of organisation, sponsorship and participation from public and private sector in the state and beyond. “Also, this year’s edition is hosting big wigs in the cultural scene in Nigeria with the founder and Chief Medical Director of Eko Hospitals Ltd, Dr Sonny Folorunsho announced as the Chairman of the Odogbolu Heritage Festival.” This year’s edition of the festival which commenced pre-event in November will get to climax on Sunday,  December 1, with the grand finale, starting with the egungun cultural performances, the Favor traditional dance on December 2, while the traditional games; ayo olopon,  draught,  olorisha traditional dance and Odogbolu Community school quiz final will hold on December 3. Also on December 4, the traditional and performing day will thrill guests at the event. On December 5 and 6, people will be treated to marathon race,  free health services,  cooking competition, oro night and interschool football match female final. Others include Omidan  Odogbolu pageant and igbekere night. The grand day will feature the woro and the age group(regberegbe) procession to end with the Odogbolu day on December 7, while the 2019 edition of the festival will come to a close with children Christmas party, Thanksgiving service and royal reception on December 8, 2019.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!