Plateau State has started early preparations towards a successful hosting of the 2020 edition of the National Festival of Arts and Culture (NAFEST). A delegation from the Plateau, led by the Commissioner of Tourism, Culture and Hospitality, Tamwakat Weli, visited the Director-General of NCAC, Otunba Segun Runsewe in Abuja with the former expressing commitment towards hosting the best NAFEST ever. Speaking, the commissioner said Platueu State is blessed with friendly weather, people and a scenic beauty, urging Nigerians and foreigners to use the opportunity to visigt the state. She assured the state government’s readiness to deploy resources in staging the event, disclosing that Jos, the state capital boast of a 6000-capacity cultural centre of international standard amongst other impressive infrastructures to conveniently host the event. Kogi governorship election: Court asked to stop Wada from contesting I’ll make Cross River a window to Africa —Ayade NCAC, Cabo Verde Airlines, Ethiopian Airlines, NIHOTOUR… NCPC takes mandate to next level through innovation TIME Hotels wins big at World Luxury Hotel Awards 2019 On his part, Otunba Runsewe commended the Governor of Plateau, Simon Lalong for his culture-friendly effort, describing the governor as one who has the interest of his people at heart which is evident in his developmental initiatives aimed at building bridges of peace and harmony across the Plateau State. Runsewe said his council will work with the state to ensure a successful hosting of NAFEST next year, adding that Plateau State met all the criteria necessary to host the event. Fielding questions from journalists with regards to the budget earmarked for NAFEST 2020, the NCAC chief said no price tag should be placed on a program like NAFEST which is organised annually to enthrone peace, unity and also empower Nigerians to reducing crime. He was positive that Plateau State which hosted the 1996 edition will stage the mother of all NAFEST this time around, giving the interest of the state government together with the support of the Federal Government and other industry stakeholders.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!