The Ghanaian government and the African Development Bank (AfDB) have signed a concession agreement for the construction of a $2.6 billion high-speed railway in Accra, the capital city of Ghana. According to a press release signed by Alexis Adélé of AfDB’s Communication and External Relations Department, the Accra Skytrain project which will transport more than 380,000 passengers annually will create 5,000 jobs during its implementation phase. The signing of the agreement took place on Monday at a press conference held on the sidelines of the second Africa Investment Forum presently ongoing in Johannesburg, South Africa. Nigerian Tribune reports that the high-capacity public transport system which uses pneumatic propulsion technology that will be completely automated and cost-efficient for users. Ghanaian President Nana Akufo-Addo said: “It’s a great day for Ghana! I was here last year and I’m back this year to make sure the project moves forward. “This proves how important the Africa Investment Forum is. The signing of this agreement is on track to improve the lives of our citizens.” 11-year-old kidnapped in Kano, sold at Onitsha for N200,000… Anti-hate Speech Bill: Atiku warns of disastrous… Human capital development: Bauchi seeks World Bank… Cleric to Nigerians: Banish thought that no godly person can… ALSO READ: Border closure: Importers of frozen foods shift activities to airports President of the AfDB, Akinwumi Adesina, said: “This is what Africa wants: finalized agreements. What we want is for Africa to invest in Africa! “We want to see this kind of thing happening all the time. This project will modernise Ghana, providing green transport for its citizens.” Fund manager for infrastructure investment, Solomon Asamoah, added that he believes the project will profoundly transform Ghana’s economic capital. “This is a major contribution to infrastructure development in Ghana, and in Africa as a whole. We need mass transport. This project will help overcome traffic gridlock,” Asamoah said. Ghana’s minister for railway infrastructure, Joe Ghartey, noted that the project’s “operational phase has begun,” now that the financing of the project has been completed. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!