A ghastly auto accident along Bauchi – Darazo road has claimed six lives while several others were injured and now receiving treatment at the hospital as confirmed by the State Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC). Confirming the accident while speaking with Journalists in his office Thursday afternoon, the Public Relations Officer of the FRSC, Bauchi Sector Command, Rilwan Suleiman, said two females and four males died in the crash which occurred at Badaromo, a village about 25 kilometres away from Bauchi metropolis. He said that the accident which occurred on Thursday, 28th November 2019, at exactly 9.30 am, involved two vehicles, a Honda Hennessey which carried five people and another vehicle, a Sharon minibus. According to him: “In the process of trying to overtake the other vehicle, the driver of the Honda went and collided with a Sharon which carried nine people. In all 14 people were involved in the crash. In the process, the Sharon veered off the road into the bush and somersaulted which resulted in the death of six people”. Rilwanu Suleiman said, “Our men rushed to the scene and rescued them to the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital, Bauchi, where six of them were certified dead by a Medical Doctor. Those who died were two females, a mother and her baby and four males. The remaining nine people who sustained varying degrees of injuries were taken to the hospital for treatment.” KWASU loses lecturer, student in auto crash Two students, 6 others crushed to death in Anambra auto… Eight die in Ogun auto crash BREAKING: Trailer allegedly carrying ‘campaign… ALSO READ: Zimbabwe ‘on brink of man-made starvation’, UN warns He said that all the corpses were deposited at the mortuary of the ATBU Teaching Hospital for documentation. The FRSC PRO explained that the vehicle started its journey from Misau and was on its way to Bauchi and had covered 125 kilometres out of the 150, “the remaining 25 kilometres was where the accident happened.” Rilwanu called on drivers to change their attitudes towards driving and always obey road traffic regulations in order to reduce the loss of lives from accidents. He said, “What we are saying is this, they need to change their attitude towards driving because most of the crashes that are now happening are as a result of refusal to obey simple rules and regulations while driving”. The FRSC spokesperson added that “Imagine this accident that had just happened, the driver could have waited for a few seconds for the oncoming vehicle to pass before overtaking the one in front of him but look at what happened because he refused to wait. So, I call on them to be law-abiding and fear God Almighty and have respect for lives,” Suleiman pleaded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!