The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) campaign council in Kogi State, on Tuesday, passed a vote of no confidence on the state police command. The party specifically raised the alarm over the activities of the state police commissioner, Busari Hakeem, accusing him of being biased towards the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). The deputy director, public communication of the council, Austin Okai Usman, accused the police of taking instructions from APC led government headed by Yahaya Bello. But the state police command has told the party not to drag it into the politics of the state, saying the police commissioner had remained professional. The council, however, noted with concern that the activities of the state police command had reduced the contest of November 16, to a battle between the police and PDP. ALSO READ: How consultants rip off NDDC of N1bn monthly Usman said, “This is a clear indication that virtually all government officials in Kogi and top APC members and their thugs, were been protected and at the same time using the state police commissioner’s men to chase, harass, intimidate and threaten PDP members across the state.” VIDEO: 59-year-old Maradona denies daughter’s claim he… Foodstuff and Cattle dealers threaten nationwide strike over… Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone… INEC nominee declares loyalty to APC before Senate panel The council said the police hierarchy in the state lacked the partial stance to supervise and monitor the November 16 election, while urging the Inspector General of Police (IGP) to urgently remove the commissioner to avoid break down of law and order in the state. The deputy director also expressed serious reservation on the continuous detention of DCP Ejeh Suleiman Abutu in SARS custody, alleging that the man was abducted by APC private army from his residence and taken to Dekina Governor’s lodge. The party also appealed to the IG, to without further delay, remove the police commissioner in the interest of fair play, the security of lives and properties and to avoid reprisal attacks from any side of the political divide. The council also alleged that the state government was planning to enlist and incorporate the army on a special operation, into the bid to retain power at all costs at the November 16 election. It, however, asked the Commandant Army Records, Major General Adewale Ogunkale, to closely monitor the activities of his men, so as to insulate them from the alleged infiltration of security agents by the state government. However, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), William Aya, said political parties should concentrate on their campaigns and should not drag the command and the commissioner into their contest. He said the police in the state have been providing security for all the parties that are participating in the election, denying the allegation of being biased by the PDP. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.