The national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, has said with the principle of one man to one vote, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the incumbent governor of Bayelsa State, Hon. Seriake Dickson would be history after the November 16th governorship election. Speaking at the grand finale of the APC governorship campaign rally at the Ox-Bow Lake in Yenagoa, the Bayelsa state capital, Oshiomhole said that on Saturday, the candidate of his party, David Lyon, is sure of victory. While presenting the flag of the party to Lyon and his running mate, Senator Devi Eremienyo, at the rally where supporters defied the rain to witness the occasion, Oshiomhole said that the incumbent governor is panicking and that that shows the sign that the PDP had already failed before the election. He said: “David Lyon will win the election. I felt delighted here and see that even under the rain, we can see the elderly women and men that waited for this rally to commence because of Lyon. “Sylva just reminded me of the outgoing governor. Dickson is panicking but we also have to be fair with Dickson. How can he not panic when the real lion has arrived? Who will not panic when you cannot point at the schools you claimed you have built and the lion is coming to ask you questions? “When you borrow as much as he had borrowed to do things people cannot see and now a lion is coming to ask the question. Why won’t you panic? If you are being accused of spending over N100 billion to construct a 1.3 km so-called runaway, that nothing is happening and you are running around with your pyjamas, crying for the airport to be open and the lion is coming to ask you to account, won’t you panic? “I think Dickson deserves our sympathy, but the best we can do is not complicate his own problem because if his case is taken too far, he will not be able to survive it. We believe in the principle of one man, one vote, and with this in mind Dickson is history. “He is going through tough times because he saw power as somethings that intoxicates and therefore nobody else mattered to him. Even those that had held very senior national positions that help him to get to where he is, he treated them with disrespect. On Saturday, he will know the truth that the Okro tree cannot be talker than its owner.” Accompanied by the governors of Jigawa, Kebbi, Katsina, Osun states and the deputy senate president, the Minister of State for Petroleum, Chief Timipre Sylvia, said the PDP has made several attempts to physically attack its supporters and discourage them but the APC had always proven to be stronger. ALSO READ: Zamfara govt warns herders against destroying farm produce 11-year-old kidnapped in Kano, sold at Onitsha for N200,000… Anti-hate Speech Bill: Atiku warns of disastrous… Human capital development: Bauchi seeks World Bank… Cleric to Nigerians: Banish thought that no godly person can… He said: “One of the signs of failure is desperation and if you look around in Bayelsa, desperation has set in the camp of the outgoing governor. The PDP made attempts to attack our people today, but the APC proved to be stronger than what they imagined. “They have gone to every court in the land to try to discourage us but the APC is more powerful than they think. Why are they doing that? They have mismanaged this government and Bayelsa for eight years. It has been colossal mismanagement, civil servants will attend to it. “A state like Bayelsa cannot pay salaries, can you imagine? How many people are we in Bayelsa state? The out gong government has received over N1trillion in all action but what can you see in Bayelsa? It’s darkness everywhere. “Dickson claims he has bout an Airport, a few days Argos, he brought some people to walk in the Tarmac, I thought he was going to bang in planes to land there on the Tarmac instead he brought people to show he has built an airport. “We do not argue that he did not build a Tarmac, but what we are suing is that it is substandard Tarmac. The Tarmac is not built in conformity with the laws of aviation and that is why the airport has not been approved. I have challenged Dickson that if he built an airport, then let him land and fly from the airport each time he is travelling.” Also speaking, the Minister for Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio, said by November 16th, Bayelsa would be the second state after Edo state to join the APC in the South-South region. He said: “Oshiomhole said I tried when I was governor and I am proud. That means I am in the best position to advise the incoming governor of Bayelsa state, David Lyon. The two names are wonderful. David was victorious in the bible and the lion is the symbol of strength for Bayelsans. “If you have the strength of a lion and the authority of God, there is no way you cannot win, so Bayelsans you have the will and the support of the President to vote out the non-performing PDD government. This is the second state that will join the APC in the South-South.” Addressing the mammoth crowd of elders, women and youths that defied the rains to receive the national leaders of the APC, the candidate of the party, Chief Lyon, promised to deliver 24 hours electricity to Bayelsans. He said: “For almost eight years, PDP rule this state in darkness. I know what is development because I am close to the people. I assure when elected Bayelsans will enjoyed electricity. For eight years, we have been faced with insecurity. “I know what it takes to solve insecurity and I assure that when I become governor, every life and property in Bayelsa will be protected. APC is not coming to deceive as the PDP government deceived us for eight-year. We are coming to transform Bayelsa for good. This election is not about me, but about Bayelsa, so stand firm and vote out PDP.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!