In order to be able to develop the human capital of the state, Bauchi State Government has solicited the support of the World Bank in critical sectors of the state’s economy. The request was made by the State Commissioner for Budget and Economic Planning, Dr Aminu Hassan Gamawa during an interactive session with World Bank officials in his office saying that this has become imperative as Governor Bala Mohammed has expressed his desire to make Bauchi state attractive for donor support and funding. He said that the PDP led administration is donor friendly as it is working in accordance with good governance and accountability principles and practices. Aminu Gamawa said that “I am happy with the way we are making progress both in YESSO and Community Support Development Project as the projects have a direct impact on the lives of the citizens especially at the grassroots”. ALSO READ: Oyo Assembly to investigate N1.3bn water contracts awarded by Ajimobi Cleric to Nigerians: Banish thought that no godly person can… APC US leaders kick against attempts to ridicule Osinbajo Oyo Assembly to investigate N1.3bn water contracts awarded… Confusion as Senator Abdullahi’s Hate Speech Bill… “If you talk about eliminating poverty and empowering communities, you can do that if you do not politicize the process. For us, we are learning the process in which the projects were implemented,” he said. Aminu Gamawa further assured the World Bank officials that the state government would conduct its activities in a transparent and accountable way, in addition to the timely payment of counterpart contributions. The Commissioner then pledged the readiness of the Ministry to consider constructive criticism and suggestions to ensure effective implementation of donor projects and ensure their sustainability to enable more people to benefit. Earlier, The team leader, Justice Onu said that they were in the state as part of their audit mission on YESSO and CSDP, which they said will be rounded up by June 2020. The team leader applauded Governor Bala Mohammed for his huge contribution to the Community Support Development Project and assured of the Bank’s support to his administration. “I want on behalf of my team, thank His Excellency, the Executive Governor of Bauchi State, Governor Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed for this wonderful gesture. “It will no doubt enable us to achieve the set objectives”, he said as contained in a statement by Muslim Lawal, Personal Assistant on Media to the Commissioner. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!