Presiding Chaplain of Chapel of Christ the Light, Alausa, the Very Reverend Ayo Olu Oyadotun, has charged Nigerians to erase the mentality that no good and godly person can be in politics, saying this change of perception was required to ensure that the game was played right and needed impact made on the society. Oyadotun gave this charge on Tuesday while speaking at the Church’s 20th Anniversary Celebration Press Briefing, contending that politics was the ability to manage oneself, God’s resources and God’s people, just as he said that testimonies abound of men of God who had served and served well. “So, we have testimonies of men of God who have served and served well. One was pastoring a church and served in the Assembly. So you can serve God in the field of politics and be godly. It is good for us to erase the mentality that no one good can be in politics, it is not true. A godly person can be politics,” he said. According to Reverend Oyadotun, politics originated from God if it were to be looked from the perspective of service to humanity, declaring that God is the source of politics and cannot be left out of it. “And if we are to look at politics from that perspective, then politics originated from God, which means God is the source of politics and if God is the source of politics, why do we want to leave politics and leave God out. ALSO READ: Confusion as Senator Abdullahi’s Hate Speech Bill resurfaces at Senate APC US leaders kick against attempts to ridicule Osinbajo Oyo Assembly to investigate N1.3bn water contracts awarded… Confusion as Senator Abdullahi’s Hate Speech Bill… NNPC assures of transparency in selection of lead insurer… “And to the glory of God, we have testimonies, especially in Lagos State, people who are Godly people and have served in politics. And they admit that unless God leads the house, they labour in vain. They also admit that it is God that places one in power. “So religion and politics go together, very well together and they are together. And managing the two together has nothing to do either with religion or politics. Managing the two has a lot to do with us as human beings, who we are, our interest, and personality. “And from the onset that is what God has been talking to us as human beings to do, and all the things he has created was good. But it the people that are the issues,” Oyadotun said. The Harvest Chairman, Prince Oluranti Olufon, said a week-long activity had been lined up for the celebration that included charity activities, free medical care, two-day crusade and award. According to Olufon, the Chapel of Christ the Light is an interdenominational church, established in 1999 by the Lagos State government to cater for the needs of the Christian community in Alausa, civil and public servants. He emphasized that the programme of events included a roadshow in and around the neighbourhood of Ikeja to evangelize the people for Christ, a Charity Day event, free medical and open Crusade while on 16th November 2019, the anniversary luncheon, harvest night and awards for various recognition would be held to round up the programme of events. The Harvest Chairman enjoined all members and other members of various churches as well as the general public to be part of the epoch-making ceremony which, he said will play host to top governments officials and other dignitaries. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!