THERE was heavy shooting at Ayetoro ward 1 unit 004 where Dino Melaye voted earlier this morning. Less than an hour after he left the voting unit, some hoodlums in two Hilux vans and Honda Civic stormed the place, shooting into the air and targeted the ballot box. The ballot box was eventually taken away while some boys in the community chased the vehicles with no success. Meanwhile, the Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kogi State Abdulahi Bello has expressed optimism about his party’s victory at the governorship election. Speaking to newsmen while going round polling units at Ehikaohizeni in Okene, the chairman said that the peaceful atmosphere that characterised the election can be attributed to the seriousness with which Governor Bello has handled security issues in the state. “You can see that everywhere is peaceful, the atmosphere is carnival-like, everyone is on the queue waiting patiently for their turn, it shows maturity on the part of our electorate and growth in our democracy,” Bello said. 70 years on: Behold the 1st edition on Nigerian Tribune,… 40,000 persons displaced by floods in Borno ― UN #BayelsaDecides: Police, Army, DSS, others tighten security… #BayelsaDecides: Accreditation, voting ongoing in Yenagoa,… He, however, expressed optimism about his party’s victory at the election saying that the turnout showed the level of support for Governor Bello. ALSO READ: #BayelsaDecides: Police, Army, DSS, others tighten security at INEC headquarters “Look around, everyone you see around here is in support of the governor, all of them want him to return and continue the good work he had started.” Also speaking the Chairman, Okehi Local government, Abdkareem Ohiare said he was happy and at the same satisfied with the conduct of the election saying it shows that our democracy has come of age. Hadjia Sa’adat Atimah said that everyone in the area has spoken with one voice and have resolved to support Governor Bello for the good work he had done. Atimah who is the Executive Chairman Kogi State Pension board expressed satisfaction with INEC for providing level playing ground and providing adequate security cover which gave electorate needed confidence. “We have not really had any security concern and every polling units and stations were properly manned.” She noted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!