The House of Representatives on Tuesday tasked Federal Government to undertake precautionary measures at all the nation’s airports, seaports and land borders to curb the reoccurrence of Ebola disease in the country. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon. Paschal Chigozie Obi who raised the alarm on the recent outbreak of Ebola Virus in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) in March 2019 where over 1,000 cases of Ebola infections were reported. In the lead debate, Hon. Obi who expressed concern over the spread of Ebola from Guinea, Sierra-Leone, Liberia to Nigeria, when a Liberian, Mr. Patrick Sawyer, arrived Lagos by an airplane and infected many Nigerians, including doctors and nurses, harped on the need for Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) to curtail the menace of Ebola, ranging from issuing an alert to Airline Operators directing them to ensure a high level of vigilance and ensure that proper checks were carried out on passengers and other relevant measures such as providing sanitizers and clinical equipment, where necessary. According to him, “World Health Organisation (WHO) on August 8, 2019, took a conscious step to sensitize the public by declaring Ebola outbreak a public health emergency of international concern and also raising alarm on the need for nations to take preventive actions against the possible further outbreak of Ebola virus. In the bid to curb the outbreak of the deadly disease in the country, the House urged Federal Ministry of Health to deploy necessary materials and personnel at the airports, seaports and land borders for carrying out screening exercise on passengers. ALSO READ: Ebola: Guild of Medical Directors demand national holiday for late Dr Adadevoh The House also stressed the need for Federal Government to set aside funds for the management of Ebola virus in the event of its reoccurrence in Nigeria. Appeal Court verdict: Delta APC Reps member lauds judiciary FG promises eradication of vaccine diseases in children Reps to support Greek Consortium on job creation ―… Yobe Assembly to screen 20 commissioner-nominees To this end, the House mandated the Committees on Health care Services and Health Institutions to ensure that relevant agencies take precautionary measures to avert the reoccurrence of the Ebola disease. Also at plenary, the House urged President Muhammadu Buhari to recognize the heroic acts of patriotism of Dr Stella Ameyo Adadevoh and her medical team as well as all Nigerians who died from the Ebola virus. To this end, the House urged the Presidency to confer a befitting Posthumous National Honour on Dr Adadevoh, just as it tasked Federal Ministry of Health to assess and certify Nigeria’s emergency preparedness against unexpected epidemics. In his lead debate, Hon. Akiolu Kayode applauded Dr Stella Ameyo Adadevoh, a Nigerian physician, risked her life in a bid to curb the spread of the Ebola Virus in Nigeria. He also applauded Dr Adadevoh’s bravery and professionalism which saved Nigeria from a devastating impact of an uncontrolled outbreak of the Ebola Virus and thus prompted the Government, good-spirited individuals and organizations, and the international community to deploy resources to curb the outbreak of Ebola virus. The House also called on Federal Ministry of Education and other related authorities to ensure the inclusion of the heroic deeds of Dr Adadevoh by naming one of the Lagos hospitals after her. The House further urged the Federal Government to recognise and provide every support necessary for Ebola virus survivors and the families of Ebola victims. While ruling, the Deputy Speaker, Hon. Idris Wase mandated the Committee on Healthcare Services to ensure compliance. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.