President Muhammadu Buhari has joined all family members and friends of the veteran journalist, Mamman Daura in celebrating his 80th birthday. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja on Saturday said the president congratulated him for the milestone and for many years of love and sacrifices for the nation, especially in his chosen career, journalism. The statement said President Buhari recalled, with delight, Daura’s remarkable brilliance from childhood at the Katsina Middle School and Government College which caught the attention of Northern Regional Government, leading to sponsorship for further studies in the United Kingdom in the 50’s and many years to follow, noting that the knowledge had, over time, only translated into more wisdom. University don kicks against posting of non-education Corps… Kogi govt seeks FG’s urgent intervention on flood… Appeal Court upholds Sanwo-Olu’s election Zimbabwe sacks over 200 doctors over strike action ALSO READ: Kogi govt seeks FG’s urgent intervention on flood disaster Buhari rejoiced with “the renowned journalist and bibliophile,” who worked with the civil service for a while before joining the New Nigerian newspapers, where he rose to be Editor and Managing Director, before venturing to the private sector as entrepreneur, inspiring industrial growth in the north in furniture making, textile manufacturing, aluminium smelting and other investments. President Buhari assured Daura that his footprint on the development of the country, and quintessential attention to family values, will always be remembered and appreciated, extolling him for the visionary role he played in the banking sector and management of companies, and development institutions. He prayed that the Almighty God will grant longer life to the elder statesman, and more strength to keep pursuing his number one passion of serving humanity, especially through philanthropy. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.