Federal University Dutsinma (FUDMA) in Katsina State, has appealed to members of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) nationwide and other Nigerians to pray for the release of Abubakar Idris, a Senior Lecturer in the university, abducted three months ago without a trace. News Agency of Nigeria reports that Idris, a lecturer in the university’s department of languages and linguistics was abducted on August 2, at his residence in Kaduna. A statement by FUDUMA’s Acting Director Public Relations and Protocol, Habibu Matazu, issued on Monday in Katsina, also appealed to the abductors to release the lecturer. The university noted that since the abduction, there had been no trace of the victim, as there was no demand for ransom nor any other lead as to his whereabouts. ALSO READ: Gov Sule describes Nasarawa as danger zone, hideout for criminals LAUTECH lecturers suspend academic activities over unpaid… Unpaid 11 months salaries: LAUTECH ASUU issues ultimatum,… Osinbajo, Lawan, el-Rufai attend turbanning ceremony in… IPPIS : We are not condoning corruption, ASUU tells FG According to the statement, the university management had reported the matter to all the relevant security agencies and Governor Aminu Masari for their intervention. “It is inhuman and abuse of human right, the abduction of a family man like Abubakar Idris whose detention had generated tension and uncertainties to members of the university community and his family in particular.” The management assured ASUU and other members of the university community that it would not relent in working more closely with security agencies to get the lecturer back home safely. The statement added that the management had approved financial support for the family of Idris and had delegated a three-man committee to sympathise with them over the incident. “The university appeals to the abductors to kindly release him so he can report back to his workplace and loved ones,” it added. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!