THE need to encourage and involve alumni associations in the quest to enhance development and growth of higher institutions has been reiterated. Giving his address at the 30th anniversary and first alumni reunion of the Department of Estate Management, Federal University of Technology, Akure, the vice-chancellor, Professor Joseph Fuwape, said the contributions and involvement of alumni would boost universities’ core mandates of teaching, research and community development. Represented by the deputy vice chancellor (academics), Professor Deji Ogunsemi, the vice chancellor implored the alumni to use their good offices, influence and connections in the society for the benefit of their alma mater. Fuwape noted that lasting legacies can be built when the alumni partner with the university in areas of endowment of prizes, funding of research, donation of physical facilities and equipment as well as giving material support. The dean of the School of Environmental Technology, Professor Bolaji Kashim, said the school which was established in 1989 started off with 27 students, eight academic staff with Professor Adeyinka Adeyemi as the pioneer dean; but that the school now has a population of 2400 students, 143 members of staff with 26 professors. Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone experts Oyo flags off implementation of BESDA I applied 5 times before I became SAN —LASU VC LAUTECH demands Centre of Excellence in Nanotechnology Adeyemi College begins  degree courses in Political… He lauded the head of the Department of Estate Management, Dr (Mrs.) Mary Ajayi, for bringing the alumni of the department together for the good of the department and the university. In her welcome address, Dr Mary Ajayi described the occasion as a homecoming for the alumni; a time to build connections, and to network for new opportunities in the field and practice of estate management. In his goodwill message, the Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Ondo State Pastor Femi Agagu, said with constant transition and development in the built environment, the coming together of alumni would help to proffer solution to some current environmental issues, including flooding. In his lecture entitled ‘Estate Management Past, Present and the Future”, Mr. Abayomi Fawehinmi encouraged the undergraduates to be more hardworking. To prepare for the future, he said people in the built environment need leadership skills, ethics and values with great ability to want to learn the new trends in the profession. The highpoint of the occasion was the presentation of awards to the pioneer dean of the school, Professor Adeyinka Adeyemi, and other past heads of department, Professor Victoria Bello, Dr Bamidele Ogunleye, Professor Adebayo, Professor Simeon Asaju, and Professor Oyewole Bello.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.