The Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), has donated modern educational materials worth millions of naira to four secondary schools in the North West. The Director General of NIMASA, Mr Dakuku Peterside who made the donation on Thursday, said the effort was to support the schools within the three states which included Kaduna, Katsina and Zamfara. Peterside who was represented by NIMASA Executive Director, Dr Bashir Jamo, named the schools as GSS Kofar Gayan Zaria, Usman College Daura, Government Pilot College Katsina and a Government Girls’ Science School in Zamfara. ALSO READ: Nigeria needs resourceful youths for national development ― Adeduntan According to him, the items presented include 50 HP desktop Computers, 30 HP Laptops, Science books, whiteboard and writing materials. He said the donation was to support the educational development of the states and also solve some identified difficulties in the sector. “Very soon, we will extend such gesture to other states depending on what we observed that such state governments require to develop and improve education,” he said. W/African FIUs forum moves office to Nigeria Nigeria needs resourceful youths for national development ―… Diabetes: Governments urged to subsidise cost of treatment One killed as PDP, APC supporters clash in Bayelsa Peterside explained that the states were selected due to their reform in the education sector, noting that education was a necessary instrument and sustainable way of eradicating poverty. According to him, NIMASA’s intervention is part of its corporate social responsibility. “After the issue of man-made disaster and flooding, we also look at what the federal government focuses on and also render our own contribution to achieve it. “If you look at the level of education between the Northern and the southern part, you will know that we are backwards day in day out and we need to give more helping hands,” he said. Responding on behalf of the three states, Alhaji Yusuf Bala from Katsina, expressed appreciation for the gesture. He pledged that the items would be used for the benefit of the students to improve learning outcomes. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!