Two bills, including the Ogun State Sports Commission Law, 2019, and Ogun State Sports Trust Fund Law 2019 meant to promote development of sporting activities, infrastructure and equipment through the involvement of the private sector have scaled second reading on the floor of the State House of Assembly. One is a bill for a law to provide for the establishment of the Ogun State Sports Commission and for Connected Purposes, while the second is a bill for a law to provide for the establishment of the Ogun State Sports Trust Fund and for Connected Purposes and both got the unanimous approval of lawmakers. The bills came about as part of efforts to better reposition sports sector in the state for more efficiency and optimum performance, as well as revamp the sector dominated by youths, to create a functional commission that would be responsible for effective management of sports and allied matters, with a view to ensuring effective management of facilities and athletes in the sector. Putting the bill into operation will enhance youth development through scouting for more sport talents and giving opportunity to seasoned administrators in the private sectors to contribute their quota to the development of sports at the grassroots level. Oyo state should take  over LAUTECH Changing outdated curriculum Unknown fate of Kogi voters Does title matter? The state, which parades talents and potentials in sports, needs a pool of financial resources in partnership with the private sector to further increase interest of youths in sporting events, thereby, reducing social vices. There is need for the appointment of people with proven integrity in the administration of the funds and the bill should spell out modalities for establishing a trust fund geared towards attracting philanthropists and corporate organisations to contribute funds to put in place a state of the art sporting facilities and modern equipment. There is the need to allow for diversification of sports ranging from sports marketing and investment, which need to be considered in the implementation of the bill, towards creating global best practices in sport administration in the state and engaging more youths in sporting activities.  Lawal Jamiu, Ogun state SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!