As voters in Kogi West Senatorial District and Ajaokuta Federal Constituency vote tomorrow, Center for Democracy and Development (CDD) has called for a credible process reflecting the democratic will. In a statement by CDD Director, Idayat Hassan which was made available to Nigerian Tribune in Lokoja on Friday warned that given the violence, voter intimidation and brazen electoral fraud, which characterised the November 16 polls in Kogi and Bayelsa States. “The onus is now on all electoral stakeholders, especially INEC and security agencies, to redeem themselves. We will go after attackers of FC Ifeanyi Ubah ― Kogi govt Seven Ekiti LG chairmen dump PDP for APC Stop distracting Governor Abiodun, APC youths tell critics Plateau Speaker congratulates Lalong on Appeal Court victory “This supplementary election is an opportunity for the electoral stakeholders, especially INEC and the security agencies, to address the many flaws we saw on November 16. CDD observation showed that the polls of November 16 were seriously tainted by a myriad of electoral malpractices, which fundamentally undermined the integrity of the process and outcomes in Kogi and Bayelsa State. CDD hopes the security agencies, which failed to protect voters and poll officials the last time out, have taken due note of the local and international condemnation which greeted their abysmal performance on November 16, and are ready to make amends. Apart from the task of ensuring the electoral space is safe, CDD calls on the respective agencies to proactively curb the menace of vote-buying, which would be rife in this supplementary election.” ALSO READ: Appeal court judgement: Commissioner congratulates Bauchi Gov, says days of partisanship over Hassan also informed that the CDD Election Analysis Centre (EAC) would be deploying its accredited non-partisan observers across the Polling Units supplementary election will be held. She, therefore, called on the electoral umpire to ensure voters who come out to exercise their franchise are not let down by logistic lapses. “CDD calls on eligible voters to come out to vote for a candidate of their choice. We equally restate our call to political actors to play by the rules, and refrain from sponsoring thugs to disrupt the process and cause harm to voters and poll officials,” she said. The Kogi West Senatorial district supplementary elections are to be conducted in 53 Polling units across seven local governments with 45,767 Registered Voters. As a result of Court Judgement, INEC will also hold elections in 22 Polling Units with 15,438 Registered Voters in Ajaokuta Federal Constituency. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!