The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has set up a new traffic management team called Traffic Task Team (TTT) and stated that the agency will no longer entertain call-ups of trucks that did not emanate from either the terminal operators or the shipping companies. This is even as the NPA directed the newly set up TTT to take over the roles of traffic monitoring and enforcement, two roles that were hitherto being carried out by the Kayode Opeifa Task Force team, with immediate effect. It will be recalled that fighting broke out at the Lillypond truck park recently during call-ups rows, following allegations of extortion by truckers on the Presidential Task Force on Decongestion of Lagos Ports Access Roads led by Comrade Kayode Opeifa. According to a notice released by the NPA to shipping companies and terminal operators, a copy which was sighted by the Tribune Online exclusively, “Henceforth, any call-ups that does not emanate from the shipping companies or the terminal operators will no longer be entertained. “Only call-ups received via the following emails will be attended to: MailFunmolt@yahoo.co.uk; Mailo.olotu@nigerianports.org; Maily.oginni@nierianports.org; Mailoginni@yahoo.com; Mailb.kaumi@nigerianports.org; Mailkaumee@yahoo.com; Mailsalihu@nigeriaports.org; MailS.abubakar@yahoo.com; Mailakinmacleo@yahoo.com; MailA.leoso@nigeriaports.com; MailKenechi_o@yahoo.com; MailK.okezie@nigeriaports.org “NPA will not entertain call-ups that did not emanate from either the Terminal Operators or the Shipping Lines. NPA will release Call-Ups for access to the Task force based only on Call-Up lists submitted. Only the Terminal Operators can identify trucks on a daily call-up.” The notice which also listed criteria for empty containers added that, “The process for calling trucks conveying empty containers into the Ports shall be as follows: “All empties must come only from empty containers holding bay of each shipping company. “List of empty containers coming from holding bays must be submitted to the office of the Port Managers of each Port 24hrs before they are expected in the Port. “The Port Managers will authorize the movement by endorsing It to the Traffic Managers of each Port who will also disseminate same to other Task Team members “The Task Team at each of the turning points will make use of the approved list to allow trucks through the port approaches en route the ports. “While en route the Ports, trucks will neither stop nor wait, but drive straight into the port to where they are needed.” For export containers, the NPA directed that, “The process for calling export containers into the ports shall be as follows: “The List of the export containers will come from the shipping companies stuffing consolidation areas. No one is too powerful for me to control — Buhari Buhari secretly pursuing third term agenda —Falana Human trafficking:  64 rescued in Mali Kogi/Bayelsa guber: Cancel polling units involved  in… “It is expected that all paperwork and payments to terminal operators and shipping lines would have been completed while the container is still at the stuffing bay. “The list should be ready ten (10) days before the arrival of the vessel and same forwarded to the office of port managers for approval. “Export containers approved for entry into the ports by the office of the port managers shall drive straight into the port to where they are needed.” ALSO READ: Anti-corruption: FG recovers N200bn in final forfeiture —Malami For every other trucks outside the aforementioned categories, the NPA explained that, “The process for calling other trucks into the ports shall be as follows: “Each terminal operator would be required to send the list of Vehicles Entry permit (VEP) into the terminal to the office of the port manager not later than 24hrs before commencing the movement. “The port manager will authorize the movement by endorsing it to the traffic manager of each port who will also disseminate same to other task team members. “The task team at each of the turning points will make use of the approved list to allow trucks through the port approaches en route the port. “Trucks so approved and en route the port will neither stop nor wait, but drive straight into the port to where they are needed.” For monitoring and enforcement responsibilities, a function hitherto enjoyed by the Kayode Opeifa led Task Force, the NPA stated that, “For the purpose of operation of all these procedures, the following shall apply: A task team to be known as Traffic Task Team (TTT) is hereby set up to operate the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP). “The TTT shall comprise of personnel from NPA Security department, Lagos state traffic agency, Nigerian Police, Nigerian Navy and the Nigerian Army. “The general routes accessing the ports have been specified and relevant turnings along the routes identified for manning by the TTT, Accordingly, each turning point shall have for its manning the following: Four NPA security personnel, Two Traffic personnel, One official of the Nigerian Police Force, Two officials of the Nigerian Navy, and one official of the Nigerian Army. “All trucks/containers operating towards the port in breach of this SOP would be made to turn back at the turning points and may alongside its owner/operators be further sanctioned by other means. “The faithful implementation of this SOP is expected to provide general relief to all road users in the targeted traffic streams. Consequently, all are enjoined to cooperate by undertaking their obligations conscientiously. The disruption of this procedure by anyone would be met by appropriate sanctions expressly herein stated or as would be determined from time to time.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.