About 250 members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Social Democratic Party (SDP), on Friday, defected to the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) in Iragbiji community of Boripe local government area of Osun State. The defectors who were led by Alhaji Folorunso Akinola of the Peoples Democratic Party and Mr Oni-Osun Adewale of the Social Democratic Party respectively were received by both Governor Gboyega Oyetola and the state chairman of the APC, Prince Gboyega Famodun, and other members of the party’s state executives. Addressing the crowd in front of the Aragbiji’s palace, Akinola said their decision to leave their former parties for APC was informed by the pro-masses policies and programmes of the government in the state. He said he and other members of the opposition in Boripe local government had seen the need to join hands with the administration of Oyetola to move the Osun forward. Akinola stated, “it is now for Iragbiji and the entire local government and state to go back to the good old days because the All Progressives Congress is the vehicle of development that God has given to us to advance our state.” Artistes will no longer commit suicide —Pop Boy STEM education: Oyo govt restates commitment to encouraging… Hate speech: Death penalty is antithetical to development ―… Gombe partners New York Academy of Sciences on innovation,… ALSO READ: #BayelsaDecides: Boat carrying four journalists capsizes in Nun River In his remark, Oyetola expressed delight at the decision taken by the members of the opposition parties to defect to the APC, assuring that his administration would not rest on its oars in investing in things that will continue to make life meaningful and worthwhile for the good people of the state. According to him, “I am not surprised that this is happening in my domain. It is expected. God has been kind to us to have produced a governor from this town. Ordinarily, there should be no any other party in Iragbiji. Again, they have seen the fact that we are doing well. They have seen the hand of God in what we are doing. I think they have come back to reality in joining the APC. “I feel very excited, and this is a clarion call to all other parties, sons and daughters of Iragbiji to team up with us to move the state to enviable heights. This is the party to be. This is the party of the people. This is the party to belong to; you can’t belong to another party other than APC.” “We are doing very well in the state. We are doing very well at the centre. I appreciate the fact that these people have come, I look forward to more of them coming. The figure is still very small. Two Hundred and Fifty is not something that is too exciting. I expect thousands of them anytime from now”, Oyetola asserted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!