The Kaduna State Internal Revenue Service (KADIRS) has closed down three companies in Kaduna metropolis over tax evasion amounting to more than N3.2 million. The Executive Chairman of the agency, Dr Said Abubakar, told newsmen in Kaduna after the restraining exercise that the companies were closed over unremitted Pay-as-You-Earn (PAYE) tax. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) identified the companies as HPZ Limited, Western Bye-Pass; PZ Cussons Nigeria Plc., Western Bye-Pass and Zarewa Aluminium and Plastic ltd., Kaduna – Zaria Road. Abubakar explained that KDIRS has given the defaulting companies adequate notices, but failed to remit the due to the revenue agency. “This left us with no option than to approach the court for an order to close the companies. “Revenue collection is a continuous exercise, therefore, any taxpayer, corporate organisations or companies that failed to pay required tax to the state government will be shut down with no exception,” he said. ALSO READ: Security is a collective responsibility — El Rufai 11-year-old kidnapped in Kano, sold at Onitsha for N200,000… Anti-hate Speech Bill: Atiku warns of disastrous… Human capital development: Bauchi seeks World Bank… Cleric to Nigerians: Banish thought that no godly person can… The chairman said that the law has empowered the agency to sell the assets of the affected companies to recover the funds if the companies refused to pay, 14 days after the restraining order. He advised all taxpayers to come forward voluntarily and pay their outstanding tax liabilities to avoid embarrassment, stressing that “tax collection in Kaduna state is no longer business as usual.” “You will recall that the agency had on Oct. 9, sealed off three branches of Access Bank in Kaduna metropolis over non-remittance of over N175 million PAYE. “I want to tell you that the bank has fully paid its liabilities and was reopened for business. “We will continue to operate within the boundaries of the law to recover all revenues due to the state government,” the chairman added. Also speaking, the agency’s Head of Enforcement, Mr Ado Garba, explained that the N13.2 million was liabilities from 2012 to 2017, adding that the affected companies were served with adequate notices. “Some were served 10 times, other seven times but they all refused to pay. We will continue to go after tax defaulters and close their business to ensure full compliance to the provisions of the law,” Garba said. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!