Sixty four victims including some ladies from Nigeria who are victims of human trafficking have been rescued during an INTERPOL-coordinated operation in Mali. The victims – mostly women and girls – were rescued from sexual exploitation forced labour in the mining sector as well as forced begging. Police also conducted raids at known trafficking and smuggling hotspots in the country. The nearly 70 victims identified and rescued came from Burkina Faso, Guinea, Mali and Nigeria and were working in bars, homes and mining sites. Among them were three young boys rescued from an illegally operated Koranic school, where they were allegedly forced to beg for money. 10 soldiers killed, nine injured in insurgents’ ambush Four suspected traffickers have been detained awaiting sentencing. Investigations are ongoing to identify additional suspects. No one is too powerful for me to control — Buhari Buhari secretly pursuing third term agenda —Falana Kogi/Bayelsa guber: Cancel polling units involved  in… Millions lost as fire razes Ebute Meta shops, shanties During the operation, passengers’ passports at the international airport in Bamako were screened against a range of INTERPOL’s databases via I-24/7, its secure global police communications network. Key to these checks is INTERPOL’s database of stolen and lost travel documents that enables police to check the validity of a travel document in seconds and detect its fraudulent use. The operation highlighted a regional connection between organized crime networks: victims were from across the region, and initial reports show that they had been exploited in different countries before their arrival in Bamako. “Mali serves as major transit country for human traffickers who target the most vulnerable members of society. With victims from a range of countries, this operation showed that human trafficking and people smuggling is a truly transnational problem,” said Secretary General of INTERPOL, Jürgen Stock. “INTERPOL’s role to connect police agencies across the world is essential in fighting these terrible crimes, and we will continue to work with our member countries to make sure they get the support they need,” added the INTERPOL Chief. Abou Sidibe, Head of the INTERPOL National Central Bureau in Bamako, thanked INTERPOL for its operational support and highlighted Mali’s commitment to fighting human trafficking. During the operation, the Malian government passed a decree on the creation of a police unit dedicated to human trafficking and migrant smuggling.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.