Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo state on Sunday restated his commitment to the service of the people to ensure growth and development of the state. Akeredolu who stated this during a broadcast to the people of the state after his five weeks absence from the state said he was able to attend to his health based on medical advice, saying this had afforded him to be renewed for the all-important task of serving the people of the state better than before. The governor who disclosed that despite being out of the state, the welfare of the people was given priority and ensured that governance never suffered. He stressed that the present administration has been able to record giant strides in key economic sectors in the last four weeks, especially in health, economy, the welfare of the people and human capital development in order to develop the state and its people. He expressed optimism that all these would bring unequal development to the state in no distant period, saying all other challenges confronting the state would also be addressed. He said: “Throughout my stay outside the state, we ensured that the welfare of the people was the topmost agenda on our minds and that governance never suffered. “I am happy to report that in the last four weeks, new grounds were broken for a bigger and wider opportunity to develop our land and the people. “As you are aware, a very successful bilateral meeting was held with our partner, Medicus International, to expand the healthcare system in the state. “Our joint objective is to build a $1.1billion world-class medical city in Akure, the state capital. Our proposed medical city will provide excellent healthcare facility for our people in the state and Nigeria in general. ALSO READ: House minority leadership: Reps minority caucus warns PDP against interference into composition “We also held fruitful discussion with our technical partner and consultants for the development of Port Ondo, our state’s dream deep seaport project. Our joint commission expected to visit the proposed site for the project next week as part of the process towards the commencement of work. Buhari meets Welby, Archbishop of Canterbury, in London Cooperate with govt on delivery of development goals, NSE… Makinde calls for religious harmony, tolerance as Muslims… Border closure should last for more than 2 years ― Hon… He said further that: “I also attended the governor’s forum meeting where issues of the new minimum wage for workers amongst others was discussed. “All governors were encouraged to harness available opportunities for states to continue to put the welfare of workers on the front burner. “We were also present at the National Economic Committee meeting where issues of development and Social Security and Grassroots economy was discussed. The governor also hinted that: “Following the bilateral engagement with the world bank team led by its new country director, to accommodate Ondo state in its programme and activate efforts towards fulfilling our campaign promises to our people.” He appreciated the people of the state for their concern and prayer for him while he was away on his working leave outside the state, saying their demonstration of love would spur him to do more for the state. “I want to use this auspicious opportunity to express my profound gratitude to God Almighty for His infinite grace and mercy. “To all the people of the state, for your kind words and best wishes expressed to me while reviewing my health. “I thank all our royal fathers, religious leaders, the media, civil servants, artisans, NURTW, RTEAN, Okada riders, women groups and many others too numerous to mention. “I equally thank the South-west governors forum, the leadership of our party, the APC, particularly our National leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and the entourage of esteemed leaders and other friends of the state from all walks of life who personally visited. “I, therefore, wish to renew my vow to you that I will not relent but I will continue to use all my strength, energy and God-given knowledge and talent to serve our dear state. “The task is heavy, the journey is far, the expectations are high while the objectives are clear; to develop the land and the people. “I believe that the future is bright and all the mountains are surmountable if we work together. I, therefore, wish to encourage us all to work towards the goal by demonstrating unconditional love for our neighbours, diligence, focus, on development and peaceful coexistence.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.