Though the next governorship election in Anambra State is still two years away from now, MICHAEL OVAT writes on the increasing jostling for the coveted post, with the selection process based on merit.  Although the next governorship election in Anambra State is still far away, holding in 2021, nevertheless, intense political activities are already in top gear across the three senatorial districts, obviously aimed at capturing the top plum political job in the state. It was gathered that stakeholders in the state are divided along growing calls for merit-based selection process and the need to sustain the zoning principle propagated in 2013 by the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) and its former governor, Mr Peter Obi. The former governor had then chosen the incumbent, Willie Obiano, as his successor in the spirit of zoning and fairness. Obiano is from Anambra North Senatorial District but there are growing calls for power to shift to Anambra South. Although major stakeholders in the state then tackled Obi for introducing zoning, the former governor was resolute as he mobilised APGA supporters to ensure that Obiano emerged as his successor. Obiano eventually emerged victoriously, most of the stakeholders were of the conviction that at no point time did anybody sit down to institute zoning, arguing that such an arrangement was alien to the politics of the state. Eight years after, there have been increasing calls for a paradigm shift in the leadership selection process, with a greater consensus on the need for merit. The argument against zoning seems to be gaining traction by the day, as many citizens said it has bolstered mediocrity rather than entrench good governance. Also, it has been noted that during the 2013 and 2017 governorship polls, virtually all senatorial districts in the state had contestants. Why I declared free education in Oyo ― Seyi Makinde According to the antagonists of zoning, both the Anambra Central and Anambra South have produced governors prior to the emergence of the incumbent, Obiano. The former governors from the two districts included Chief Chukwuemeka Ezeife, Dr Chinwoke Mbadinuju, Dame Virgy Etiaba, Senator Andy Uba, Dr Chris Ngige and Mr Peter Obi. Among the proponents of a merit-based selection process is a chieftain of the People Democratic Party (PDP) in the state, Dr Obiora Okonkwo, who insists that the next governor of Anambra should be an individual that is fired by his or her personal imagination and developmental ideas and not through any zoning arrangement. Chairman, Obiano Support Group, Chief Jude Emecheta, however, said the zoning controversy currently raging in the state was uncalled for because, according to him, Anambra has witnessed unprecedented socio-economic and political transformation and stability, engendered by the 13 years of uninterrupted APGA administration. This, he added, had made the state attractive to become a beacon of hope and a beautiful bride for politicians across the political parties. Emecheta, while refuting the insinuation that former Governor Obi single-handedly installed Obiano as governor of the state, said the chances of the APGA winning the governorship election in 2021 is 98 per cent. He further declared: “Peter Obi couldn’t have installed Obiano alone without the support some other people in the state who saw the virtues in Obiano before supporting him for the governorship post. So it would not be correct to say that Peter Obi made Obiano governor without recognising other Anambra people who worked for the victory of Obiano.” According to Emecheta, the APGA is gaining more ground in the state when compare to when Obi was governor of the state. “For your information, this is the first time the APGA is having five members in the House of Representatives since the creation of the party in 2002. The Anambra APGA is growing in strength and might and it is sure of retaining power beyond 2021 in the state,” he said. He also expressed confidence that the PDP cannot succeed in its plan to take over the state from 2021. He said: “They are hoping to rig the election but, today, the people are better educated and informed about the electoral process. The PDP cannot rig again in the state because the APGA is grass root and masses-oriented party and belongs to nobody but all. We know the PDP for its rigging trademark to win election and Ndi Anambra must resist them. They thought that Atiku Abubakar will win at the Supreme Court so that they can leverage on federal might to rig election in the state, but they have failed.” However, a legal luminary and a PDP chieftain in the state, John Akirika, disagreed with Emecheta as he said the people of Anambra, who he said are now wiser, would beam their searchlight on all potential aspirants on the PDP platform. This, he said, would be with a view to making the right choice at the appropriate time. There’s a parallel between Osinbajo’s, Diya’s travails… Olujimi and Adeyeye: Sacrificing friendship  on the altar of… Amnesty for bandits, support for criminality —Odumakin The beginning of amnesty for bandits Akirika also said there was no issue of godfatherism in the state as he noted: “What seems to appeared as a political godfatherism then, during the administration of Dr Chris Ngige, was a group of some selfish individuals who came together with intention of looting the treasure of the state. If people are talking about godfatherism in Anambra, it means it resurfaced in the current APGA-led administration. But with all sense of observation, I can tell you that Governor Obiano lacks the credibility to govern the state.” The PDP chieftain further said the Obiano administration has watered the ground for the PDP to come back into reckoning by winning the 2021 governorship election in the state. According to him, this has been made possible by the non-performance of the governor. “Nothing good is working. Look at the condition of roads across the state, including the proposed Anambra Airport that has consumed billions of naira but that is still in the awaiting trial. Now the governor is crying that there are evil spirits in the Government House chasing away good governance in the state. With all these confusions, Governor Willie Obiano has already finished the campaign for the PDP to win [the governorship election] without hindrance,” he said. Chief Ifeatu Obi-Okoye, Senior Special Adviser [Political] to Governor Obiano, however said it was regrettable that those opposed to zoning arrangement for the governorship position in the state premised their position basically on the ground that it is undemocratic and that there was no formal or written agreement on the issue. “However, those who are opposed to the zoning arrangement should be reminded that, coupled with the uncommon transformation of Obiano’s administration, the principle of justice, equity, fairness and good conscience demand that people generally should be treated equally to enable them have a sense of belonging in society. Should we now jettison the principle of rotation of political offices in the country, it then follows that Ndigbo have lost the moral ground to demand that the presidency should be zoned to the marginalised South-East geopolitical zone in the 2023 elections,” he said. Meanwhile, a political group known as the Great Anambra Forum (GAFORUM), expressed its support for power shift to Anambra South Senatorial District in 2021. The group chief facilitator, Fabian Ozoigbo, who disclosed this to the Nigerian Tribune in Awka, said the group was mobilising select politicians and opinion leaders from the three senatorial districts to sensitise them on the imperative of rotational arrangement ahead of the 2021 election. “One would make bold to state that the zoning arrangement for the governorship position had already taken root in the politics of the state. Anambra South Senatorial District was the first to occupy the position in the state since the advent of the present political dispensation in the country. Former Governor Chinwoke Mbadinuju from the district was at the helm of affairs in the state from 1999 to 2003. Thereafter, former Governor Chris Ngige from Anambra Central held sway from 2003 to 2006 and was quickly followed by former Governor Peter Obi, also from Anambra Central, who governed from 2006 to 2014. The incumbent Governor Willie Obiano from Anambra North Senatorial zone took over the mantle of leadership in 2014 and his tenure is expected to end in March 2022, after eight years in office. “Without mincing words, it is only fair and just that the southern senatorial district should be allowed to produce the next governor, come 2021, in the interest of equity and good conscience. Nothing should be allowed to upset the noble zoning arrangement which had obviously brought enduring peace and stability in the state,” he said. “Thus, Ndi Anambra must begin now to beam their searchlight on all the potential aspirants from Anambra South Senatorial District, irrespective of their political party leanings, with a view to making an informed choice at the appropriate time. What should be uppermost in the minds of Ndi Anambra is to choose a credible person, with proven track record, who will strive not only to consolidate the gains already made, but also surpass the records of the past and present administrations. The governorship aspirants from the other two zones are enjoined to give peace a chance and drop their ambition in the mean time until the governorship position gets back to their zones in due course,” he said. Similarly, a chieftain of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Chizoba Pascal, said the three senatorial districts should be educated on the need to allow a candidate from Anambra South to succeed Governor Obiano. He added: “For the state to maintain her status as the Light of the Nation, let those who are medical doctors be deployed to the state hospitals to make it a centre of excellence in Medical Science. Let those who are dealers in gas, petroleum and kerosene be made chairmen of Orient Petroleum and Gas where their expertise will be useful. Let those who are in the business of forwarding and clearing be made consultants in the upcoming Anambra seaport. “The Anambra State Government House is not a place for experts in forwarding and clearing business or in the oil and gas sector but for those who have administrative skills to governed,” noting however that that all aspirants will be subjected to intense scrutiny before Ndi Anambra will make their final choice.”  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!