Governors on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has demanded the resignation of the national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. Operating under the aegis of the Progressive Governors Forum, they expressed their disaffection over the leadership style of their national chairman in a statement issued on Wednesday in Abuja. The statement signed by the Director General of the Forum, Salihu Moh. Lukman, detailed the infractions of Comrade Oshiomhole to include the suspension of Rochas Okorocha and Ibikunle Amosun, former governors of Imo and Ogun states respectively, and the purported suspension of the Ondo state governor, Rotimi Akeredolu. The statement titled “APC and our Inconceivable Organisational Challenges: Urgent call to our Leaders”, noted that the suspension of the governors was a breach of the APC Constitution which vested such powers on the National Executive Committee of the Party. The governors further argued that Comrade Oshiomhole led National Working Committee has been usurping the functions of other statutory organs of the party, namely the NEC and National Caucus by refusing to convene meetings of NEC and national caucus. In what could be viewed as a vote of no confidence in his leadership, the governors who accused Comrade Oshiomhole of meddling in the local politics of his home state of Edo demanded his resignation. The statement read in part: “Information coming from Edo state indicate that members of the State Executive Council of APC have passed a vote of no confidence on Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, National Chairman of our party, APC. “In so many respects, it could be argued, it is a natural outcome of unfolding power play between Comrade Oshiomhole and Governor Godwin Obaseki since June 2019 with the contentious inauguration of the Edo State House of Assembly. Possible retaliatory response from both Comrade Oshiomhole and groups such as Edo Peoples Movement who are loyal to Comrade Oshiomhole should be expected. In other words, the could be counter pronouncement suspending Governor Obaseki. FG to equip 200,000 youths with digital skill in 2 years Suspected suicide bomber attacks Indonesia police station Kogi poll: Vote for Bello continuity, South-East APC tells… Kogi Election: IG says Police will be professional “Side by side with the news of the vote of no confidence was also the discomforting report of the Federal High Court judgement in Abuja disqualifying Biobarakuma Degi-Eremienyo as our Deputy Governorship candidate for November 16, 2019 Bayelsa election. While expecting that every necessary step will be taken to vacate the judgement, it is very depressing for every committed party member to be subjected to such ignominious reality, which only reminds us of our reckless conducts in states like Zamfara, Rivers, Bauchi and Adamawa, which chiefly gave away electoral victories to PDP. ALSO READ: Olabode George remains Lagos PDP leader- Buknor-Akerele, Akitoye, Dominic “Instead of focusing on working to win elections, we are busy undermining ourselves. All these are ominous signs that we are about to re-enact the Zamfara, Rivers, Bauchi and Adamawa experiences in Bayelsa. It is Bayelsa today, Anambra, Edo and Ondo are being set up for similar experiences. Somehow, unfortunately, the National Executive Council (NEC) of the party, which is the organ vested with the statutory responsibility of responding to all these challenges appear to be suspended. The last time it met was August 2018. In its place, the National Working Committee (NWC), which is an administrative organ with the responsibility of implementing decisions of NEC and other higher organs seems to have usurped the powers of NEC. “Sadly, even the NWC, as at today, is a shadow of itself, as it has lost many members either on accounts of appointment into government or controversial suspension. For instance, Otumba Niyi Adebayo, Deputy National Chairman (South) is today a Minister of the Federal Republic. Sen. Lawal Shuaibu, Deputy National Chairman (North) is allegedly suspended. Alh. Inuwa Abdulkadir, National Vice Chairman (North West) is similarly suspended. “We may recall that in June 2019, the NWC allegedly suspended Governor Rotimi Akeredolu SAN. During the 2019 general elections, on accounts of the roles of former Governors Rochas Okorocha and Ibikunle Amosun against the candidates of the party, they were similarly suspended. Whether all these actions are permissible by provisions of the APC’s constitution is highly contestable. “Why should all these be allowed to happen? Why is it impossible to convene a NEC or even National Caucus meetings, which are supposed to hold every quarter to resolve all these issues? Why should the NWC under Comrade Oshiomhole continue to imagine that it can conduct affairs of the party without mandatory meetings of party organs? What legacy is Comrade Oshiomhole hoping to achieve as a National Chairman by running the party in a way that suggests almost zero commitment to issues of party development? “It is very painful for many of us who have had the privilege of being mentored by Comrade Oshiomhole to see him being devalued to a local factional leader from a very high pedestal of an illustrious national leader. As National Chairman, Comrade Oshiomhole hardly appreciates that he now has a national constituency and not just a state constituency, which may have been responsible for his apparent intemperance in the handling of matters affecting Edo State. I wish he paid similar attention to the handling of issues affecting Rivers and Zamfara states during the 2019 elections. “In the current circumstance, nothing short of a NEC or National Caucus meeting of the party can resolve all our increasing organisational challenges as a party. It is either Comrade Oshiomhole respect the provision of the party constitution and convene superior organ meeting to deliberate on all our challenges, or he should just accept his inability to manage the party and simply resign. “Our National leaders must rise to the challenge facing us as a party and take all necessary measures to convene superior organ meetings to begin to resolve all our challenges as a party. The current public disgrace must end!”, the statement read. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!