The Anambra State Command of National Drugs Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has arrested 24 suspected drug dealers in the state. The state Commander of the agency, Mr. Sule Momodu, who disclosed this on Friday while briefing newsmen on the activities of agency in last  October 2019, said the agency also nabbed one of the most wanted drug peddlers, who has been in their wanted list for a long time, Mr. Ekele Okoye alias ‘Ezenwamadu. ALSO READ: Group wants Buhari to free El-Zakzaky, Sambo Dasuki, Sowore It was gathered that the drugs found with the suspects include, 42.739 kilogrammes of Cannabis Sativa, 0.0011 kilogrammes of heroin and 0.0747 kilogrammes of methamphetamine. He said those convicted for drug-related issues were  Ifeanyi Awo, two years,  Okosi junior Emenike, two years,  Kingsley  Anya,  two years, Okechukwu  Emmanuel, two years,Chizuo Igboekweze, five years all for dealing in cannabis Sativa and Jabiru Abdullahi sentenced for   five years, for  being in possession of drugs like Exol 5,Tramadol, and Diazepam. Gombe SSG congratulates new Gombe State Students Association… Group wants Buhari to free El-Zakzaky, Sambo Dasuki, Sowore Governors plan to lift 24m Nigerians out of poverty Lagos to procure tablets for teachers to improve teaching… According to Momodu, with the arrest and convictions, the level of drugs consumptions would drastically reduce across the state. “There are three Drug dealers in Awka, we know them, one is dead and we have arrested one and we will go after the remaining person” he explains. He, however, expressed disappointment over the public attitude towards the arrest of drug dealers. According to him, a lot of people help the suspects to escape arrest whenever they sight our men in their uniform, saying that there can only be a crime-free society in the world if drug consumptions are reduced. He urged the public to co-operate with the agency to fight the menace of drugs in the society for the interest of all. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.