THE much-anticipated Samsung Galaxy Fold, a new fold-able device creating a new mobile category, is clearly a hit with Nigerians as the first batch released has already sold out with pre-order sales, Samsung Nigeria said last weekend in Lagos. It said that it was currently working on increasing stock levels to keep up with demand, adding that even after a delayed-release, there was clearly an appetite for this pioneering device. It said that the next batch of the world’s first AMOLED Infinity Flex Display would be available in the Nigerian market soon. PDP’s rejection of Kogi, Bayelsa election results, a disgrace ― presidency Galaxy Fold features the world’s first 7.3-inch Infinity Flex Display, which folds into a compact device with a cover display. It said that the device offered a powerful new way to multitask, watch videos, play games, and more – bringing to life new experiences and possibilities years in the making. Sanwo-Olu welcomes Operation Crocodile Smile IV in Lagos Court orders IGP to provide details of alleged 80,115 ghost… Don’t link feud with Jonathan with your rigging,… Policy synergy: Buhari, APC governors converge on Jos Monday “Samsung is proud to introduce a premium foldable device, that goes beyond the limitations of a traditional smartphone. “The pre-order sales are indicative of the public’s affinity for technology that transcends the norm,’’  said Mr David Suh, Managing Director, Samsung Electronics West Africa in a statement. He added that Galaxy Fold is in a category of its own that delivers a new kind of mobile experience allowing users to do things they couldn’t do with an ordinary smartphone. “Users now have the best of both worlds; a compact device that unfolds to reveal Samsung’s largest-ever smartphone display,” added Mr Adetunji Taiwo, Head, Information Technology and Mobile (IM), Samsung Electronics West Africa. He noted that Galaxy Fold brought together material, engineering and display innovations, developed over eight years following the debut of Samsung’s first flexible display prototype in 2011.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!