Mamador has launched a campaign to spur Nigerians to live a healthy and balanced lifestyle. The campaign seeks to emphasise the importance of breakfast as the most important meal of the day as well as provide information on easy and affordable breakfast options and recipes. The PZ Wilmar brand is also using this campaign to further introduce consumers to the latest addition in the Mamador range of product, the Mamador Light Fat Spread, said to contain ‘health and taste benefits that deliver on healthy nutrition and  packed with nutrients that cater for children and families.’ According to a brand representative, the breakfast campaign will involve a series of activities geared towards sensitising the public on the need for a more healthy approach to breakfast. Why Sowore is still in our custody ― DSS Spokesperson FG, Lagos government pledge support for local brands Why Nigeria, local brands need market-creating innovation to… ‘Our plans for 2019 Lagos Advertising Festival Awards’ Dangote, MTN emerge 2019 most valuable brands in Nigeria PZ Wilmar Food Ltd., through its new Mamador Light Fat Spread, seeks to reach and educate millions of children in select schools across the country as regards the importance of breakfast and the role it plays in their optimal bodily and mental functioning. Assistant Brand Manager, Mamador, Omobolanle Akin-Fatodu, emphasised the need for families to not only eat breakfast, but also the healthy kind, which is the ultimate goal of the breakfast campaign. “Not only is it important to eat breakfast, you should also eat the right kind of breakfast, a meal packed with nutrients to get you off to a great start and keep you going throughout the day. Sadly, it is the most skipped meal of the day, so Mamador is on a mission to help Nigerians develop a breakfast-eating habit, and a healthy one, at that,” Omobolanle stated. Category Marketing Manager, PZ Wilmar, Chioma Mbanugo also shed more light on the Mamador Breakfast School tour, emphasising the need to drive understanding of the importance of breakfast among children.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!