The ongoing crisis of confidence rocking the Federal Polytechnic Bida, in Niger state that has crippled academic and commercial activities on the campus of the Institution in Bida and its environs took a turn for the worst on Tuesday as the academics  staff union  of the  institution demanded for the removal of the Management team led by the Rector, Dr. Abubakar Abdul Dzukogi Chairman  of the ASUP, Federal Polytechnic Bida,Chapter, Dr. Umar Mohammed Saganuwa who had been on a running battle with the management of the polytechnic and had been issued a suspension letter in conjunction with his ASUP executives, has called on the Federal Government  to sack the Dr. Abubakar Abdul Dzukogi-led management for peace to reign in the institution. The ASUP chairman, Dr Saganuwa who stormed the Niger State Police Command Headquarters, Minna, the state capital,  with his Executive members and some placards carrying congress delegates were, however, unable to see the state’s  Police Commissioner, Mr Adamu Usman. ALSO READ: N362M Scam: EFCC arrests kirikiri boss, doctor Speaking to journalists shortly after their protest, the ASUP  Bida poly chapter chairman, accused the polytechnic’s  Rector and his management team of financial impropriety and urged the Federal Ministry of Education to institute a commission of Inquiry to probe the financial dealings of the school management. ASUP condemns suspension of members in Bida Poly Strive to preserve your culture, Rector urges Nigerians YABATECH: ASUP withdraws service from part-time programmes ASUP lauds Buhari’s assent to Poly Act Bill He explained that the grouse of the union with the Rector and the management team was his failure to pay Academic staffs their earned allowances despite, the increased internally generated revenue of the institution. “In 2015 the institution generated over N800 million as internally generated revenue, 2016 over N1.2billion, 2017 about N2 billion  and recently  the over N200million  earmarked  for our allowances suddenly developed  wings” He accused the Rector of ineptitude leadership style, saying,” under his watch, the famed  Bida standard which the polytechnic was known for is falling at an alarming rate”. “Each time  we asked for our entitlement, he keeps  telling us there was a shortfall in the allocation as if we are the only federal institution in the  country”, he stated He disclosed further that, the chairman of the Niger state council of traditional rulers and Etsu Nupe, Alhaji Yahaya Abubakar had initiated a dialogue between the Union and the management, arguing that despite assurances and pledge of implementing the terms of agreements, the Management allegedly reneged. ‘ On behalf  of our congress  members, I want to alert students and Nigerlites that, the Rector  we have it on good authority  has already issued dismissal letters and only waiting to be served on us thereby compounding  the situation  in the institution”, he concluded SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!