Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) said it has begun the enumeration of traders whose wares and properties were destroyed in the inferno that engulfed a section of the popular Balogun Market on Lagos Island. This was just as the agency charged Lagosians to key into the emergency management and desist from putting inflammable substances inside their shops. It would be recalled that fire had gutted a six-storey building at 43, Martins Street and a three-storey commercial building of lock-up shops at Balogun Market on Tuesday, and properties worth several million naira destroyed. Director-General, LASEMA, Dr Femi Oke-Osanyintolu, disclosed this on Thursday at a news conference in Alausa, Ikeja, even as he expressed government’s sympathy with the victims of the fire disaster and its regret over the death of a policeman during the sad incident. ALSO READ: Nigeria can only develop with rightly educated citizens ― Wike Olujimi: appeal court verdict victory for all PDP members in… EFCC secures 890 convictions in 10 months ― Magu Bayelsa guber: Brass declares total support for APC Nigeria can only develop with rightly educated citizens ―… He said Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu had visited the market on Wednesday and promised to render assistance to traders who lost their properties. Oke-Osanyintolu disclosed that in the light of the sad incident, LASEMA had begun enumeration of traders whose properties were destroyed in readiness to receiving government’s assistance. He appealed to residents of Lagos to always be cautious as the government would ensure the safety of lives and properties of the citizens. “The citizens must key into emergency management. They should not put inflammable substances inside their shops. A fire hydrant was destroyed and vandalised during the rescue operation. The building has been brought down to ground zero. “Those who lost their belongings should cooperate with us to do the enumeration. We will work with the Iya Olojas so that we can get to the route of the issue and we will not allow touts to hijack the process. “Those who lost properties should come with relevant documents as we will work hand in hand with the Iya Olojas and we will not hesitate to deal with touts,” Oke-Osanyintolu stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.