The chairman/ CEO of MOMAS Electricity Meter Manufacturing Company (MEMMCOL), Kola Balogun, has called for stiffer penalties for power sector stakeholders that default or fail to implement the provisions of the Local Content Act which stipulates that every contract/project must implement 30 per cent indigenous capacity. That is, 30 per cent of the project must be sourced or done locally. Speaking with the Nigerian Tribune at the company’s head office in Mowe, Ogun State, Balogun opined that there was need for punishment for contravening the Local Content Act. According to him, “People need to be punished for contravening the law. It is when violators of the law are punished that everyone will know the importance of the local content law in power sector. Until some people are punished, everyone will not sit up and embrace the act. There is need for us to create employment and opportunity in the power sector that can take jobless people out of the street.” Furthermore, he said power generation was increasing tremendously, but there was need to enhance infrastructure development in the distribution sub-sector “because although there is need to meter all customers but if you have meters in all customers’ premises and the network/infrastructure cannot support to deliver power to them, it is a wasteful investment.” Why Dangote Refinery may not participate in crude-for-fuel… Paucity of funds hampering completion of our modular… NGA urges FG to leverage natural gas for sectoral… Pacegate’s steel drum production capacity reaches 5,000 per… FG lists conditions for reopening of borders “Let me also tell you what is happening in the metering sector, we are promoting a technology that does not belong to us, whereas we have our own developed technology, purely designed and made in Nigeria and that can solve all our meter problems but they don’t listen. There are some ideological frameworks being imposed on us but which is not supposed to be so. “They are supposed to listen to us all and know our technical capability. They should promote local content in order to pass the message that power sector needs to grow. The ministry needs to do more by calling all the stakeholders to define new road maps in achieving the optimization of delivering stable electricity to consumers at a fairly minimum tariff. I’m not against tariff review but then the power must be available to consumers and the meters must also be available. What we are saying under MAPs is that we want to install smart meters where the rest are not smart, how do you do energy reconciliation? “That’s why we are saying that the most important value chain in the distribution sector is to do infrastructural and substations upgrade so that our substations will be stable and are devoid of technical and commercial losses and that power can be made available to consumers’ premises.”  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.