THE National Council on Establishment has cautioned the National Assembly on bills bordering on establishment matters that could create conflict with extant Rules and Regulations in the Public Service. The Council also called on the Federal and State governments to ensure regular training and retraining of civil servants in order to improve on their skills and capacities to deliver effective service to the nation. Acting Head of Civil Service of the Federation, Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, chaired the 41st National Council on Establishment (NCE) held in Asaba, Delta State. A communique issued at the end of the meeting was made available to newsmen during the weekend in Abuja, by the Director, Communications, Office of the Head of Service of the Federation, Mrs Olawunmi Ogunmosunle. ALSO READ:  #KogiDecides2019: FCT minister delivers polling unit, ward to APC The Council, which is the highest policy-making body in the public service in Nigeria, said a committee is to be set up on monitoring of Establishment matters to ensure that the Services comply strictly with its approvals. It urged the National Assembly not to pass bills that border on establishment matters, “as such issues require cursory examination of each subject at the NCE, where they are deliberated upon before appropriate decisions are taken to avoid conflict with extant Rules and Regulations in the Service.” #KogiDecides2019: INEC electoral officer dies in boat mishap PDP should not attempt to cause violence in Kogi, APC… Finance bill not only about VAT increase ― Senator Adeola Unizik to partner NOA to fight examination malpractice, drug… The Council also called on both Federal and State governments to ensure regular payment of salaries of workers so as to motivate them for optimum performance. It also disclosed that a committee would be set up to examine issues of review of the entry point, internship programme and any other related matters in the Service. Other decisions of the Council include, “Government to consider establishing regulatory bodies for relevant professions for the delivery of quality service with a view to ensuring that those employed in the Service perform efficiently. “Placement of Officers on Salary Grade Levels on entry is based on job content after thorough job evaluation. “Officers were enjoined to improve on their skills as a way of advancing in their career and not through membership of associations/ professional bodies. “Governments to ensure that contributions of employees under the Contributory Pension Schemes (CPS) are promptly remitted to the Retirement Savings Account (RSA) in compliance with the 2014 Pension Reform Act,” it said. The meeting was attended by Heads of Service from 32 States of the Federation including representatives of the Federal Capital Territory. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!