TWENTY-THREE of the children rescued from the illegal Olore Correctional Centre in Ibadan, Oyo State, have been admitted at the Adeoyo State Hospital in order for them to receive better health treatment before being released to their families, just as about 100 others have been reunited with their families. The centre was discovered last week by the state government and inmates were rescued by security personnel, after which the governor visited the place and ordered the demolition of the structure. The Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Inclusion, Alhaja Faosat Sanni, stated this at the weekend while giving newsmen the update on the case in her office. Sanni said: “After due profiling of the rescued children, by the relevant state government agency and security agencies, over hundred rescued victims were handed over to their relatives and right individuals with an agreement not to return them to such centres again.” Gunmen kill gas station security guard in Ondo Emir urges police to investigate alleged torture, death of… Indian hemp: Police arrest 4 in Ogun You are unreliable, cleaner tells owner of N243m stolen… ALSO READ: Police rescue kidnapped three-year-old girl in Anambra She urged parents and guardians to always seek the government’s assistance in correcting societal ills rather than subjecting their children to the care of unregistered correctional centres. “Cases like this and many societal ills are better handled by social workers in the ministry. Parents and guardians should always consult the ministry for corrections and rehabilitation of their wards in a better way, rather than subjecting them to torture,” she added. Alhaja Sanni stressed that the government was ensuring that adequate food, water and conveniences were provided for the 23 of them still receiving treatment at the hospital due to their critical conditions. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!