By Toluwani Olamitoke  Judgment on the divorce suit brought before Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, by a woman, Kafayat Eniola against her husband, Saheed Eniola, has been adjourned till December 14. Kafayat in her suit alleged that her husband whom she has been living separately from for the past 12 years has neglected their children and in the habit of raining curses on her and the children whenever she called him on the phone to be up to his responsibilities. According to the plaintiff, she and her husband have been married for 15 years but he has never set eyes on their second child because he doesn’t care. The plaintiff therefore prayed the court to end their relationship, grant her custody of the two children produced by their union and make him responsible for their upkeep. Sheriff acceded to divorce. The defendant, who initially denied paternity of their two children, explained to the court how he cherished them and went out of his way to please them. Sheriff told the court, Kafayat had consistently been a pain in the neck and has ceased to give him rest. According to him, she was in the habit of sending him abusive text messages and would sometimes come to his work place to fight him. The court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, after listening to both parties, adjourned the case till December 16 and requested to see their children on the adjourned date before judgment would be given. “My lord, I have had enough of my husband’s atrocities. I pray that this honourable court end our marriage today and grant me custody of our two children whom he cares less about. “My lord, in addition to this, I appeal to the court to make him responsible for their welfare with the greatest attention given to their education and health care,” Kafayat stated. She went on:”My lord, Saheed and I got married 15 years ago, but we have been living separately for the past 12 years. I had our second child after I had left his house but he has made no attempt at seeing her. He, therefore, doesn’t know what she looks like. FG to construct N18bn University of Transportation in Daura Supreme Court sacks Adegbola as Eleruwa of Eruwa NYSC: 3 Fed Poly Offa graduates die in auto crash True leaders play down religion —Osinbajo “The eldest of the two children, a male, took ill and was on admission at the University College Hospital (UCH), for 17 days. Saheed was informed but he refused to come and see the child. He showed up only when he was about to be discharged. “I gave him the receipts of the medical bill which was N160,000 but he declared he had no money. He gave me N10, 000 out of this after we had quarrelled and he promised to send another N5,000 that night through money transfer but failed to do so. “My lord, I’ve been responsible for our children’s feeding, clothing and education. These aside their health care. I have also been paying their fees from primary school level to that of secondary school. “My business nose-dived of recent and it has been difficult paying their fees. Their school proprietor offered to call and appeal to him to pay. He did and Sheriff agreed to pay. The fee was N136,000 but he paid just N16,000. I was the one who struggled to pay the balance. “Any time I call him on the telephone concerning our children’s needs, he rains curses on me. I then decided that the children would do the calling, but he also extended this animosity towards them.” Saheed told the court that: “Kafayat is an evil wind that blows no one any good. She turned my family members against one another shortly after we got married. My father got so fed up that he dragged me to court to divorce her. But to his disappointment, a few months later we were reconciled. “We later had a misunderstanding and Kafayat left my house with our first child and according to her, the pregnancy of our second child. “My lord, I love the children but I want to declare before this court that they are not mine,” the defendant stated. Saheed, who quickly went back on his words, explained to the court that Kafayat knew he loved their children and therefore  manipulated his love for them to frustrate him. According to him, he gives Sakirat money enough to feed and clothe them while he never fails to pay their fees. He added that he feels elated any time he hears their voices on the phone. “Despite giving our children the expected attention, all Kafayat does is to send text messages to me, cursing me. I have all her messages on phone as evidence. She would sometimes come to my work place, strip herself naked and fight me, “he stated. He went on:”My lord, my father led me into a secret shortly before he died. He told me Sakirat had an affair with my younger brother. She committed a taboo by sleeping with him. “She kept our children in our grandmother’s custody so as to have time to mess around with other men. I dragged her to court asking for the custody of the eldest child who is a male but she cried and begged the court not to release the child to me.  She eventually had her way, but I stated that she would bear the brunt of his responsibility since she refused that I have him and she agreed. “Despite this my lord, I was still sending them money and paying their school fees because I love them. The only time I delayed a bit in paying was this term, reason being that one of my vehicles had an accident and lives were lost. The case is presently in court. I went through trauma because of this while my finance was also affected he, “concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!