A chieftain of the All Progressive Congress APC, in Anambra state, Chief Johnbosco Onoukwo, has disclosed that the looming plan defection of people of the south-east geopolitical zone of Nigeria (Igbos), from other political parties ahead of the Anambra 2021 governorship election and the 2023 general elections respectively into the central ruling party APC, is as a result of the good works of President Mohammadu Buhari. Chief Onoukwo, who stated this yesterday, during his 44 birthday day celebration party, organise by the Managing Director, Johnbosco Onoukwo Foundation, Dr. Ejike Ibeanusi, in Awka, said the uncommon achievements of President Buhari less than five years in office have convinced doubting Thomases that good governance is possible in the zone with APC. The 2021 Anambra governorship aspirant, urged those that had already taken the decision to dump their former parties, which he described as an undeveloped association to do so for the best interest of united Nigeria. While urging APC stakeholders including the 21 LGAs Chairmen in the state, who were present at the occasion to intensified their mobilization effort in ensuring that the dream of APC taking over Anambra state in the next election come to reality. He said the APC is the only option for the Anambra man or woman. Still on the N30,000 minimum wage VIDEO: 59-year-old Maradona denies daughter’s claim he… Foodstuff and Cattle dealers threaten nationwide strike over… Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone… ALSO READ: Minister urges proper biometric capturing of citizens He said: “For sixteen consecutive years, the southeast geopolitical zone were infested with bad governance by the PDP, peopled by a group of greedy, self-seeking and unpatriotic individuals. “But the emergence of President Buhari in 2015, changed the tide and brought massive infrastructural development in all the nooks and crannies of the zone. Onoukwo, added that Buhari, has graciously brought peace to the region and aside his inroad in infrastructural development; he has made commendable marks in the area of education, healthcare, housing, human capacity building, the ongoing construction and rehabilitation of federal roads across the country including the ever-busy Enugu-Onitsha expressway, the almost completed second Niger bridge that was always use for political campaigns by previous administrations, youths/ women development, the newly approved 10 billion naira for the repair of the Akanu Ibiam International Airport Enugu, among others. He prophecies before his support that the forthcoming Kogi/Bayelsa governorship elections respectively will be in favour of the APC. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.