The Baptist Conference President, Reverend Wale Oyeniyi, has advised the Alake of Egbaland in Ogun State, Oba Adedotun Gbadebo, to sustain the qualities of his royal forebears to ensure a lasting and enduring legacy of the Okukenu dynasty. The cleric, during his sermon at the thanksgiving service marking the 14th coronation anniversary of the Alake, at the Ake palace church, stressed on the quality leadership of a king like that of King David, Solomon, among others. He, therefore, admonished the traditional ruler to continue to live in the fear of God, just as he prayed that God bestwoed him with long life. Oyeniyi also advised everyone to shun wearing charms or any thing that does not glorify God. He however, said that godliness, contentment and love for everyone would make Oba Gbadebo livelong. Minister condemns bush burning, urges states to enforce laws Senate mulls amendment to hate speech bill Abideen Olasupo: Unlocking clean energy for Africans We’ll soon witness lots of M&As in the nation’s… “If a king had successful sons, unforgettable legacies, godliness, prayerful, belief in Christ, he would live forever,” he added. Meanwhile, the Ogun State Government had promised it would continue to accord traditional rulers the mutual respect and cooperation they deserve. In the same vein, the Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, promised that the governmnet would continue to accord traditional rulers the mutual respect and cooperation they deserve. Speaking through, his deputy, Mrs Noimot Salako-Oyedele, during the Muslim thanksgiving service marking the Alake’s coronation ceremony, Abiodun noted that Oba Gbadebo had always distinguished himself as a reliable traditional ruler whose advice was invaluable to his administration. The Christian and Muslim thanksgiving services were followed with a luncheon at the new banquet hall Ake, Abeokuta,  which was graced by top government functionaries, traditional ruler and Egba high chiefs,  among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!