MINIMUM wage in Nigeria refers to the national minimum wage for workers. The movement for minimum wage was first proposed as a way to stop the exploitation of workers in sweatshops, by employers who were thought to have unfair bargaining power over them. Over time, minimum wage came to be seen as a way to help lower-income families. Although minimum wage laws are in effect in many jurisdictions, differences of opinion exist about the benefits and drawbacks of a minimum wage. The minimumwage increases the standard of living of workers , reduces poverty, inequality and boost morale. Recently, the Nigerian government proposed a N30,000 minimum wage for workers. It was increased to N30,000 from N18,000, but the government and Labour unions have not been able to come to an agreement on how to pay the money for workers. Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone experts As a result, there have been negotiations between the government’s team and labour, and I want to state that Nigerian workers deserve a raise in their take-home pay. VIDEO: 59-year-old Maradona denies daughter’s claim he… Foodstuff and Cattle dealers threaten nationwide strike over… Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone… INEC nominee declares loyalty to APC before Senate panel Things are getting costly by the day and the current N18,000 is no longer sustainable for an average Nigerian family. For instance, the prices of food items have gone up, especially rice, since the Federal Government closed the borders in August. We must not also forget that those who are administering the country at all levels are making huge money, while the people are languishing in poverty. The easiest way to spread the wealth of the nation, therefore, is for more money to be given to workers. While negotiation is being concluded with the Federal Government, I hope state and local governments, as well as private firms, will not delay in implementing the new minimumwage policy. Osun State Polytechnic, Iree.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.