IN furtherance of its commitment to lead the delivery of a bold new digital world by promoting science and technology in Nigeria, MTN Nigeria has announced call for entries for the Academic Research Development & Innovation Challenge (ARDIC).  ARDIC is MTN Nigeria’s latest contribution to the enhancement of academic research in Nigeria.  With ARDIC, MTN Nigeria seeks to leverage its existing assets to enable local innovation/research. ARDIC is a platform to assist young motivated postgraduate researchers in Nigerian universities to build and develop their research ideas into sustainable products and initiatives within six  months. In addition to a cash prize of One Million Naira for the winning research idea, ARDIC seeks to introduce an engagement system that provides activation platforms, data, mentorship, experimental sandbox and other benefits to well-motivated Masters/PhD researchers. Speaking on the new initiative, Mr Bayo Adekanmbi, Chief Transformation Officer, MTN Nigeria,  said: “As a future-driven organisation, MTN believes that many of the solutions to the bottlenecks that currently exist on the continent, especially in Nigeria, can be solved through research and innovation. Nigerians and the burden of religion ITUC-Africa holds congress in Abuja Orin-Ekiti: How herdsmen destroyed our multi-million naira… Socio-economic crisis, bane of crime and criminality… “However, the academic community often hit a brick wall in translating their game-changing ideas to workable solutions. “We have created ARDIC to bridge this gap and enable researchers  develop solutions that address some of our most pressing social problems. As a company, we are excited about the possibilities that this call to Nigerian researchers portend.” Following a rigorous and competitive application process, an independent body of judges that comprises some of the country’s most accomplished academic experts and innovators will select the finalists. The selected researchers will make their final pitch to the panel in Abuja where the inaugural winner of the challenge will emerge. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!