Despite the palpable apprehension, voters trooped out early at polling booth visited by Tribune Online reporter in Ayingba, Dekina local government, Kogi east senatorial district. There was a heavy presence of policemen and officers of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC). Incidentally, it is the senatorial district of the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Engineer Musa Wada. Engineer Wada who cast his vote at exactly 9.15 am however justified the heavy security presence. Speaking shortly after casting his ballot, the PDP candidate said it was necessary as he alleged that one of the thugs of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) (name withheld) was from Ayungba. He said: “Ayangba is very volatile, the APC chief thug is from here. As long as he is there, his own is how to snatch ballot boxes and scare away voters.” Appraising the process, Engineer Wada said it was free and fair as at the time he exercised his franchise. ALSO READ: #BayelsaDecides: Sylva, Lyon commend INEC for early arrival of materials #BayelsaDecides: Boat carrying four journalists capsizes in… Dana Air flew 5.4 million passengers in 11 years ― Official Open defecation can increase rate of sexual assault on… Restructuring: Fashola fears `Brexit experience’ for Nigeria He said: “It looks peaceful for now, although for APC their stock in trade is to snatch ballot boxes there was an attempt by one of their hooligans, he was repelled but you know they will always go to regroup and come back. “I have advised the voters to stay tight, defend their votes very well. “By God’s grace, we will be the winner no matter what they do. What will be will be.” His elder brother and former governor, Captain Idris Wada, however, gave a sordid account of attacks on supporters of the PDP on Friday night ahead of Saturday voting. He also claimed that ad-hoc staff of the Independent National Electoral Commission were chased away by thugs who smashed ballot boxes. He equally blamed INEC for poor logistics arrangement. “Seven ballot boxes were snatched and our youths on national service who were ad-hoc INEC staff were chased away. “I am not accusing anybody, we need a process with minimal human intervention so that people don’t abuse the process. It is very sad. People’s houses were burnt overnight, just because they want to come out to vote. “Again why should we have a delay in bringing materials for voting, despite several assurances by INEC.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!