THE spoke person of the Kogi State All Progressives Congress (APC) gubernatorial campaign council, Dr Tom Ohikere has denied any involvement on the alleged attack on the governor of Oyo State, Engr  Seyi Makinde. Ohikere in a statement issued on Friday, said, “After due scrutiny of pictures and videos emanating from the supposed attack and finding it lacking in evidence to that effect, we have come to the conclusion that it is nothing but a continuing wave of PDP propaganda and misinformation tactics. “In one report, they say it is the army, in another report they say a combined team of DSS and police personnel. Similarly, was any arrest made in that regard, also how can a long convoy of uniform men make their way to an hotel without the authorization or the intervention of the police high command. BREAKING: Buhari arrives Nigeria from London private visit Kogi/Bayelsa guber polls: Reps Minority Caucus condemns… Be orderly, don’t sell your vote, monitoring group… Gombe SSG expresses displeasure over slow pace of project… “These are pertinent questions that are yearning for answers, and since these answers are not forthcoming, we consider them to be unavailable. This is nothing but another charade of the PDP intended to elicit sympathy from the unsuspecting masses of Kogi state. ALSO READ: Beware of ‘Facilitators’, Kyari warns insurance brokerage firms “But as we know it is nothing but an effort in futility as Kogites have heard such misguided alarms in the past and are by now accustomed to the desperate pattern of the PDP. So, until the police high command comes forward with substantial evidence to corroborate their claim. “We will call it for what it is, an arrangement for deception of a party fast going into political obscurity. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!