The chairman of the House of Representatives Committee on Air Force, Hon. Shehu Koko (APC. Kebbi)on Sunday charged the newly promoted senior officers of the Nigerian Air Force to prove themselves to Nigerians in the defence of the country’s territorial integrity to justify their new promotions. This was as he also congratulated the management of the Air Force for carrying out the promotions, describing it as a morale booster that would encourage more commitment and dedication to duties from the officers. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Sunday, Hon Koko congratulated the recipients of the promotions and urged them to see same as a call to higher service of their fatherland. According to him: “I want to on behalf of members of the House Committee on Air Force, join the Chief of Air Staff and the entire management and staff of the Nigerian Air Force to congratulate all the officers who have been affected by this promotion exercise. “It is a thing of joy to see officers and men of our security outfits being appreciated by their superiors who deem them worthy of elevation to the next level of their careers. Buhari meets Welby, Archbishop of Canterbury, in London Cooperate with govt on delivery of development goals, NSE… Makinde calls for religious harmony, tolerance as Muslims… Border closure should last for more than 2 years ― Hon… ALSO READ: Sanwo-Olu’s wife warns Lagosians against NGO plan to remove mentally challenged from streets “The Committee also wish to note here that to whom much is given, much is expected, which is why they must see their promotions as a call to higher service of their fatherland. “They must use these new offices and ranks to advance the course of our national security like never before. Nigerians look up to them to keep them safe as the Ninth House under the leadership of Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila will ensure necessary provisions are made to enhance the operations of the Air Force.” The Air Force Council had on November 9, 2019, approved the promotion of 99 senior officers to higher ranks. According to a release by the Air Force on its official portal, the affected senior officers comprised of 13 Air Commodores who were promoted to the ranks of Air Vice Marshal (AVM), 35 Group Captains (Gp. Capts) who were promoted to the ranks of Air Commodores, while 51 Wing Commanders were promoted to the ranks of Group Captains. According to a post on the Nigerian Air Force official portal, the ceremony to present the recipients with their new ranks would be announced at a later date. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.