THE Nigerian Customs Service (NCS) over the weekend in Lagos stated that it destroyed 1,393 cartons of imported frozen poultry products worth N13,372,800.00. The Deputy Comptroller in charge of the CGC Strike Force, Yahaya B.U stated that the 1,393 cartons of frozen poultry products were seized on Saturday 9th & 11th day of November 2019, by his team. Yahaya revealed that the seizure of the smuggled frozen poultry products was owed to a combination of the Unit’s intelligence and Enforcement capacity. ALSO READ:  Right virtues make nations great ― Osinbajo He said smugglers were getting sophisticated and the customs has devised means that are more sophisticated in order to counter them and give smugglers a run for their money. Barge operations: Containers falling into Lagos lagoon, NIWA… #KogiDecides2019: Dino Melaye loses nephew #KogiDecides2019: PDP rejects alleged ‘fictitious results’… INEC condemns violence in Kogi, Bayelsa, assures voters of… The Deputy Comptroller said it was very obvious that with the border closure, creeks would be their next options, but the officers are keeping vigil as the command will continue the onslaught until the smugglers’ retreat. Yahaya reiterated that the community relationship between the officers and villages along the coast has been of benefit to recent successes in the fight against smuggling. He added that the availability of operational tools and personnel motivation instils prompt response in the men whenever any alert was raised. He said that the frozen poultry products totalling 1,393 cartons were being smuggled and conveyed in 10 vehicles. Furthermore, he stated that the Nigeria Customs Service maintains that the importation of frozen poultry products remained prohibited and that destruction of the products was in compliance with the Federal Government’s policy on imported poultry products. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!