THE Muslim Students’ Society of Nigeria (MSSN) has charged government at all levels to provide adequate funding for the education sector and monitor such funding so as to ensure its optimal use by the benefiting schools and higher institutions. The body gave the charge in a communique after its 2019 annual national conference held between Friday and Saturday last week at the conference hall of the University of Ibadan central mosque. The conference also featured the second edition of the National Conference of Muslim Students in Secondary Schools (NACOMSISS) and national quiz and debate themed ‘Nigeria Muslim Youth and Contemporary Challenges: Towards a New Education Strategy’. According to the communique, the aim of the programme was to build the capacity of secondary school students, curtail the menace of the examination malpractice and encourage moral uprightness, family values, patriotism and unity among the ummah. The MSSN urged teachers to take the issue of computer training beyond mere theory in government and privately owned schools and engage the students in practical trainings such as desktop publishing. It decried the increasing rate of examination malpractice among students and urged the government to set up a task force to monitor and moderate activities of tutorial centres and extramural classes assisting this cause. The body also joined the call on the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) management to reconsider its position on the expulsion of two Christian corps members from Ebonyi State camps on account of their religion’s way of dressing. Senator Ubah calls for sustainable peace in Anambra… Support Nigeria culture, tradition to promote peace ―… Why Nigerians should no longer travel abroad for orthopaedic… IYC urges Lyon to include opposition in his govt The MSSN, which called on the political class to be accountable to the people, underlined the need for the government to pass a bill that “exerts serious punishment on looters rather than recommending killing for hate speech.” Urging the government to prevail on management of schools which deprive and often chastise female Muslim students for wearing hijab on their uniform, the MSSN described wearing of hijab by female Muslims as a religious obligation which enjoys the backing of the constitution  “as an inalienable right.” It urged the government to go beyond rhetoric in addressing insecurity of lives and properties of Nigerians and urged religious leaders in the country to enlighten their followers about godliness and issues that promote the unity of the country. In his address, the national president of the MSSN, Dr Taofeeq Yekinni, said the rationale behind the annual programme was to re-enact the culture of educational competitions which, according to him, has been downplayed in the Nigerian public education sector, among secondary school students. He said the programme provided an avenue to develop the students’ potentialities in competitive skills. The grand finale held on Saturday featured the final round of the debate competition, prize giving and a keynote address by the special guest of honour, the Sultan of Sokoto and President-General of the Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar. Other dignitaries at the occasion include the chairman of the Muslim Community of Oyo State, Alhaji Ishaq Kunle Sanni; the chairman of the University of Ibadan Muslim community, Professor Yahya Kuta; the Chief Imam of UI Central Mosque, Professor Abdur-Rrahman Oloyede; Professor Wole Abbas and Alhaji Femi Abbas. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!