The Emir of Kano, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi; Obi of Onitsha, Alfred Achebe and other notable traditional rulers and professionals are among the expected guests at the Nigerian Reggae Festival (NRF), slated to hold in Awka, the Anambra state capital, between December 28, 29 and 30, 2019. The State Commissioner for Diaspora Affairs, Indigenous Artworks, Culture and Tourism, Barr. Mrs Sally Mbanefo, who disclosed this to newsmen in Awka, on Thursday, said the Reggae music festival organised by the ministry in collaboration with Music Africa Awake Foundation, was aimed at promoting peace, unity and culture in diversity. “Nigerian Reggae festival is an event fashioned to bring peace and unity to the people of Nigeria and eradicate xenophobic attacks in African countries. Reggae promotes peace, builds bridges of love and unity among Nigerians and Africans. This is a homecoming music festival which is in line with governor Willie Obiano’s vision to promote peace at grassroots and bring home our indigenous Reggae music icons in Diaspora,” Mbanefo added. ALSO READ: Buhari’s policies for good of common Nigerians ― Akume Makinde, Ooni, others to be honoured by Ibadan recreation… Ooni, Olubadan inaugurate Ilaji art gallery Amosun, Sunny Ade, others converge on Ife for Ooni’s… Ooni, one of the most revered monarchs promoting… Contributing, the Founder of African Music Awake Foundation, Prince Emeka Ojukwu, maintained that Reggae has influenced a lot of people, markets, media houses and events, as well as established itself as a brand and platform to enlighten the community. “This will serve as a platform for cultural exchange between the Caribbean, Jamaica, Nigerians and Africans in Diaspora. Foreign reggae artists will be present. Nigeria Reggae artists and African Reggae artists will have the opportunity to collaborate with them. Some of the artists to perform at the event are Pacino, B’Clean, Crucial Bankie, Heph B, Jennifer Lou, Ledo, Black Mojah, DJ Silentkilla, Karamel Singer, Big Bob, Ras Udara Most High, Lioness Front, Ras Julian, Black Omolo, Anaetoh Peter, Ital Sounds, Pupayanns,” he noted. Other speakers, Chief Vincent Omoko, the President of African Music Awake foundation, told Nigerian Tribune that Reggae music was the best platform to reunite Africans, enlighten youths against ethno religious crisis, attacks, robbery, and other vices, while the traditional ruler of Aroh, Idemili North LGA, assured that monarchs were ready to use the platform to reach people at the grassroots. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!