The Ijaw Youth Council (IYC) has urged the governor-elect of Bayelsa State, Mr David Lyon, to be magnanimous in victory by incorporating members of the opposition into his cabinet to foster unity among Ijaw nation. President, IYC worldwide, Pereotubo Oweilaemi, Esq., made the plea in a statement made available to TribuneOnline weekend. “As the Bayelsa Guber election is over and a winner emerged, IYC is reiterating its earlier call for a unity government. “The incoming APC government should compose its government without border. “That we mean, the opposition parties should also be incorporated in the incoming Bayelsa State executive committee. “The Governor-elect, Chief David Lyon should also commence the process of reconciliation immediately to ensure that Bayelsa State is peaceful. Tackle electoral violence not third term agenda, PDP tells… Kogi/Bayelsa polls: Impose travel ban on INEC officials,… Reps minority caucus rejects outcome of Bayelsa, Kogi guber… NBA decries high spate of violence during Bayelsa, Kogi… ALSO READ: IYC warns FG on alleged plot to divert dockyard to Lagos “Peace in Bayelsa State means peace in Ijaw land. The Governor should strive to reconcile with all aggrieved persons for peace and development of the State and the Ijaw nation. “The Governor by his position is the leader of all Bayelsans and by extension the Ijaw nation. “He should, therefore, carry everybody along notwithstanding the political leanings,” the umbrella Ijaw youths admonished. According to him, “For sometimes now, the Ijaw nation is missing in action in the liberation struggle due to the fact that our foremost socio-cultural organisations are engulfed in a leadership crisis. “The incoming governor should have the polarisations and the leadership crisis both in the INC and the IYC in mind and thereby take a non-partisan step to resolve all pending issues. “The Ijaw nation needs to move and now is the time.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!