THE Chairman, Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Ministerial Task Team, Mr Ikharo Attah and his team escaped death by the whiskers, on Thursday, as miscreants attacked the team during the removal of illegal tricycle park and mechanic workshop at Nyanya in Abuja. Speaking with newsmen after the exercise, the Chairman of the team, Mr Attah described the incident as unfortunate and vowed that his team could not be deterred by the development to sanitise Abuja. He said FCT project is a project that must be owned and key into by everyone, as the territory is very important to the majority of Nigerians than to leave it in the hands of few to go down. ALSO READ:  How a dying man was raised in Adamawa crusade — Bishop Zuga Christ Embassy donates back-to-school kits to 100 pupils in… Spread your light to change the world, Ajimobi charges… Nigerian Army tasks youths on peaceful co-existence Zambian govt condemns increased attacks on albinos Also speaking, the Head of Operations, Abuja Environmental Protection Board (AEPB), Kaka Bello, assured that the cleared site would be handed over to Parks and Recreation Development of the FCT administration for maintenance. Bello maintained that the board would sustain the effort through continued enforcement in the area. “You will recall that three weeks ago, the task team gave the tricycles riders one-week ultimatum to relocate from the place,” he added. It was observed that most those affected were the Keke NAPEP operators, technicians and petty traders, who allegedly turned the place to makeshift workshops, shopping centre and restaurants. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.