The Federal Government has promised to adopt more proactive policies and measures towards eliminating polio and other vaccine-preventable diseases in the country. Minister of Health, Dr Emmanuel Osagie stated this in Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti state capital on Tuesday during the National Scientific Conference of the National Association of Community Health Practitioners of Nigeria. Speaking through the Chief Medical Director, Federal Teaching Hospital Ido-Ekiti, Professor Kunle Ajayi, the minister explained that though Nigeria had reached an appreciable percentage in the eradication of vaccine diseases, more efforts still needed to be put in place to ensure total eradication. He stressed the need for health workers to step up the quality of their operations and support the government in recording hundred per cent immunization coverage for children across the country. Reps to support Greek Consortium on job creation ―… Yobe Assembly to screen 20 commissioner-nominees Minister of state for health pledges more support for PSN BVN: We won’t witch-hunt any worker ― Bauchi committee… ALSO READ: Osinbajo to declare 25th edition of MSMEs clinic open in Delta “We have a target to get rid of all vaccine diseases in children, this is why we require improved service delivery by health workers. All hands must be on deck at this time to achieve zero per cent in the elimination of these diseases,” he said. Earlier, the acting National President of the National Association of Community Health Practitioners of Nigeria, Alhaji Musa Konto stressed the need for government to upgrade the various health facilities across the country. He added that better welfare packages for community health officials would assist in no small measure in achieving universal health care coverage. On his part, the Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi who spoke through the Head of Service, Mr Ayodeji Ajayi said the government would provide the needed platform and resources towards eradicating vaccine-preventable diseases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.