The Alumni Association of the Federal Polytechnic, Offa, Kwara State, has mourned the death of three of its member who died in a motor accident on Thursday evening. Tribune Online recalls that the graduates who were intending members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) were on their way to the orientation camp. The accident which happened on Kano Road was said to have claimed about 16 lives, including the graduates’. National Secretary of the association, Saheed Akinwunmi, in a press release made available to Tribune Online, commiserated with the family of the deceased. The association also called on all levels of government to the maintenance of roads in the country, so “that we may no longer suffer this kind of avoidable losses.” ALSO READ: NYSC: 3 Fed Poly Offa graduates die in auto crash Kwara gov’s wife empowers 1,000 indigent women, youths Kwara screens communities, market traders on HIV/AIDS 200 level student arrested for participating in NYSC NYSC: Impact positively on your host communities ― Oyo gov The release further reads: “It is with deep sense of loss that we announce the passing away of our Alumni members, who died in a ghastly motor accident on their way to their NYSC camp. “Our deepest condolences go to their families in this trying period. We pray that the Almighty God will give them the strength to go through this. “Our condolences also go to the Polytechnic Community and most importantly the entire Alumni Association. “We pray that such incidence of untimely deaths as this will no longer be found in our fold. “We also use this medium to call on government at various levels to pay a more urgent attention to the safety of our roads and maintenance. May the good Lord Sooth our pains.” Tribune Online recalls that the Dean, Students’ Affairs of the institution, Aleminu Gbenga, confirmed that the bus involved was an 18-seater bus that took off from Offa with six passengers, three of whom were graduates of the institution. The Dean Students’ Affairs of the institution also said the school had made arrangement to get the deceased students for burial, adding that their parents insisted on seeing them before burial. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!