The Kano/Jigawa Area Command of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) says the activities of smugglers across its coverage areas have reduced drastically since the closure of land borders in the country. Mr Isa Danbaba, the command’s Public Relations Officer, who disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Thursday, in Kano, said the success was achieved due to the serious measures put in place by the NCS to reduce the smuggling of contraband products, especially rice and other food items. “In spite of the drastic reduction of smugglers’ activities in this zone, up till now we have not achieved our target of reducing it to the lowest level as you know, I cannot say to zero level because it cannot be possible,” he said. He said lack of cooperation from the residents of those border areas by not providing all necessary information on the activities of the smugglers was one of the biggest challenges hampering the operations of the area command. “Therefore, we are calling on them to give us more support by providing all the necessary information on the smugglers. “We are doing everything possible to enlighten the public on the danger of smuggling the contraband products into the country,” he said. Danbaba said that from October 14 to October 20, the command had intercepted 11350 kgs of smuggled rice with over N2.9 million Duty Paid Value (DPV) in addition to seizing one vehicle as a means of transportation. “From October 21 to October 27, we intercepted 223 compressed blocks and one small sack of cannabis sativa (Indian hemp). “We also seized 34 bags of foreign rice of 50 kg and nine bales of second-hand clothing. All the seizures within this period have DPV of over N4.6 million,“ he added. Alhaji Auwalu Yusuf, the Chairman of Dawanau International Grains Market Traders Association said the closure of the land borders would boost food production and help to improve the country’s economy. He said that the measure taken by the Federal Government would encourage many farmers to be more productive, encourage many people to go into farming business and improve the nation’s economy. ALSO READ: Christ Embassy donates back-to-school kits to 100 pupils in Kaduna “Nigerian farmers can feed the country and some neighbouring countries if given the needed support by the government.’’ Trump denies asking attorney general to clear him on Ukraine NGO charges on the need for peaceful coexistence Don’t blame Buhari for your predicament, Oshiomhole… Ekiti govt procures multi-million naira trucks to solve… He said that in spite of the closure of land borders, there was no significant increase in the prices of food items in the market as being speculated. He said that four years back, a bag of maize was sold for N20, 000 and now a bag costs N9, 000. Yusuf added that some of the foodstuffs only recorded price increase of between N500 and N1, 000, which according to him is normal. The chairman said that President Muhammadu Buhari meant well for the country going by his actions, adding that the president would not introduce any policy deliberately to hurt the masses in the country. “We cannot say that traders are doing well, but the truth is that we have started enjoying the impact and we are going to witness more by the grace of God,” he said. According to him, the policy or measure had also encouraged Nigerians to patronise our local products and seriously helped in employment generation. ‎ He said that the decision had also generated employment for women and youths involved in the processing of rice. Yusuf said that many people were currently engaged in rice processing and there was an increase in the number of rice mills in the state. “With the need support of the government, there is hope that Nigeria can produce enough to feed its citizens and export it,” he said. The chairman also appealed to the government to provide a laboratory in the market for testing products before export. “We only have two laboratories in the whole of Nigeria, one in Lagos and the other one in Port Harcourt, and about 75 per cent of the products tested ‎there passed through Dawanau Market. “We are appealing to the President to provide one for us in Kano, specifically in Dawanau Market for convenience,” he added.‎ According to him, Dawanau international grains market, being the biggest grains market in West Africa, lacks basic amenities. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.