The Management of National Examinations Council (NECO) has dismissed 70 staff from her services for alleged certificate forgery. Head, Information and Public Relations Division of NECO, Mr Azeez Sani confirmed the development in a statement made available to newsmen on Friday in Abuja. He disclosed that the dismissal of affected personnel was a sequel to a report submitted by a Management Committee constituted to verify the certificate of staff. ALSO READ: Don’t actively participate in results collation, civil societies warn security agents Sani said: “The certificate Verification Committee carried out its assignment diligently by inviting all staff with questionable credentials to appear before it, during which some staff actually attested that their certificates were fake. BREAKING: Buhari arrives Nigeria from London private visit Kogi/Bayelsa guber polls: Reps Minority Caucus condemns… Be orderly, don’t sell your vote, monitoring group… Gombe SSG expresses displeasure over slow pace of project… “The Committee also contacted the Schools and Institutions the affected staff claimed to have attended and the Schools and Institutions denied having certified them. “On completion of their assignment, the Committee submitted its findings to NECO Management which also forwarded same to NECO Governing Board. “At its 17th Extraordinary meeting, the Governing Board vetted the report and approved the dismissal of the affected staff,” he said. According to Sani, the Council under the leadership of the Acting Registrar/Chief Executive, Mr Abubakar Gana has zero-tolerance for corruption and is poised to sanitise the system as espoused by President Muhammadu Buhari led administration. “The dismissal of the 70 staff is the first phase in the series of the on-going staff certificate verification exercise in the Council,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!