Bowen University Iwo, has donated an 18–seater Toyota Hiace to the traditional council of Oluwo of land Iwo, His Majesty,  Oba  Dr Abdrasheed  Akanbi, (Telu I) to boost their social and political activities in the town. At the official presentation of the  Bus to Oluwo in  Council, held at Oluwo palace on Monday, the Deputy Vice-Chancellor of the university, Professor  John   Akande  who led the university team   for the donation, stated that the university is indebted to  Iwo community members for their support towards the peace and progress of the institution since inception. He also commended the king for his remarkable moral support for the university’s sustenance, as he prayed that the King would live long on his father’s throne. He reiterated that, according to the institution’s established social culture, the university would not relent in its oars to perform its social responsibility in the city, by sustaining and promoting the synergy that has been built over the years. He said: “  our social services to Iwo  community and its environ is  a progressive  activity. The university will continue to identify the needs of this community where our impact will be felt for the progress of the  city . Often, the  council meet  to overview the needs of this community  and find  means to contribute our  quota  for the peace and progress of the ancient city. We never indicted Ambode before Lagos Assembly panel, say… Bowen shines at computer programming contest Lagos set to introduce more quality bus corridors to boost… ‘Bowen University needs stakeholders’ maximum support for… “ In view of this, the university engages itself in the economic, health, agriculture, security, education and environmental development of  Iwo town. For instance, the university yearly  organises special classes  for all the senior secondary school  students in the community to prepare them for the  West African Examination Council (WAEC) and National Examination Council (NECO examinations, as well as for  the United Tertiary Matriculations Examination(UTEM) in designated centres across  the city free of charge. We have good dreams for the youths of this town. Our research thrust is concentrated more on the solution to our immediate communities challenges. ALSO READ: LASG draws battle line with traffic, environmental offenders “ Also, there are other series of agro-business research and other economic-based researches in the pipeline which we are going to expose to  Farmers in Iwo and its environs. This university will continue to generate agro-business ideas to empower the entire Iwo dwellers.  What we donated to Oluwo in Council today is  a  token to express our concern for the progress of this city,” The High Chief, Reverend Moses Ajao, the Oloya of Iwoland, who received the donation from the university on behalf of the King and Iwoland traditional Council, commended the institution for its gift and other series of   indelible  services it has committed  self for the development of Iwo land since its establishment He said: “This bus donation is a  welcome development in the history of the land of recent time. The Oluwo in Council will ever appreciate the university for its good gesture towards the progress of the land. Indeed, this university is living up to its expectation.  We pray that  God will bless the institution to do more for the land and for our Royal Father,”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!