A university don and a member, Committee of Deans of Education in Nigeria Universities (CODENU), Maichibi Nok, has noted that one of the factors undermining the teaching profession in the country is the posting of Corp members, who have no prerequisite qualification in education to classrooms. Nok, who stated this in an interview with newsmen in Keffi, said, the association is working toward reversing the practice, in an effort to make the teaching profession more attractive to both the teachers and the students. The university don, therefore, frowned at the indiscriminate posting of Corp members to places of primary assignment not relevant to their field of studies, attributed the development to why the challenges experienced in various sectors would be hard to address. He said, “the best way to stream education and make it truly a profession is to ensure that is not water down at the NYCS office. ALSO READ: Appeal Court upholds Sanwo-Olu’s election “Where you find noneducational students who are on NYSC are posted to schools to teach. “If they teach after one year, they will now have the belief that teaching is not a profession, that anybody can do it. Kogi govt seeks FG’s urgent intervention on flood… Appeal Court upholds Sanwo-Olu’s election Zimbabwe sacks over 200 doctors over strike action Bauchi govt to support religious organizations financially “So subsequently, we have avowed that we will not allow that, if you are not an education student, you will not be posted to secondary or primary school to teach. “Because you can’t find somebody from education who is posted to own firm, you can firm an educationist who is posted to a clinic to serve. “So why should somebody who have study other area be posted to secondary school to serve without the prerequisite knowledge and qualification. Nok who is the Dean, Faculty of Education in the Nasarawa State University, keffi said, CODENU is working in synergy with the Teachers’ Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN) to achieve this. “We are using the TRCN who has the power to regulate and professionalising the teaching profession We have commenced discussion with the TRCN and NYSC on this, whereby we will make it a policy issue. “In the real sense, this is an advocacy issue and you can not achieve any result of advocacy without actually formalising, and so we are working towards formalising it. We are working with the TRCN to make sure NYSC implement what we are suggesting. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.