A remarkable and exciting season has come for members of the Electronic Media Content Owners Association of Nigeria (EMCOAN), as Mrs Jibe Ologeh, the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, RWELL Media has emerged as the 4th President of the association. EMCOAN is the umbrella body of Chief Executive Officers (CEO) of Content Owners in Nigeria, especially  content/programmes on TV, Radio and Online showcasing content like Drama, Soap series, Entertainment/Musical programmes, Talk shows, Reality Shows, Sports Magazine programme, among others. In a statement released by the Public Relations Officer, Mrs. Anuoluwapo Akinyemi, the election, which was conducted on November 8, 2019 at the association’s secretariat office in Ikeja during the EMCOAN 6th General Assembly, saw a total of eight new executives saddled with the responsibility of charting a new course and positioning the association strategically within the media industry. In her acceptance speech, Ologeh recognised and appreciated members of the Board of Trustees (BOT) and other members of the association for their unwavering support and commitment towards the continuous growth and relevance of the union within the media space. In her words: “as content producers and creators, we wield incredible influence and power in shaping the moral fabric of the society through  our unique content. Senator Ubah calls for sustainable peace in Anambra… Support Nigeria culture, tradition to promote peace ―… Why Nigerians should no longer travel abroad for orthopaedic… IYC urges Lyon to include opposition in his govt There has to be a level of intentionality in the reporting of our narratives in this global age. African stories are dynamic, compelling and inspiring through our music, talk shows, drama series, movies, media broadcast and the diverse platforms entertainment is portrayed.” In addition, she affirmed that the new tenure of administration would work assiduously to ensuring the EMCOAN body plays her pivotal role in societal development by providing strategic leadership for members whilst deliberately creating business opportunities to enhance business growth and sustainability. While handling over the baton of leadership, the former President Mr Paul Igwe encouraged the new leaders to be focused in directing the affairs of the association. In his opinion, greatness is achieved and sustainable when visions are clear and pursued painstakingly with unity of purpose. The new Executive Committee includes: Mrs Jibe Ologeh (President), Mr. Olatunbosun Olaegbe (Vice President), Mr. Alayande Stephen T. (General Secretary), Mr. Wale Adenuga Jnr. (Treasurer),  Anita Agarry-Oke (Financial Secretary), Mrs. Anuoluwapo Akinyemi (Public Relations Officer), Miss. Olajumoke Akindeju (Welfare/Social Secretary) and  Mrs. Beatrice Ojo (Chief Whip). EMCOAN new leadership will embark on courtesy visit to Industry Stakeholders within and outside Lagos to further position herself and she is set to unveil her 2020 Calendar Plan. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!