AS the Rhema Christain Church begins its eight-day convention today, its presiding cleric, Bishop Taiwo Akinola, has called on the Federal Government to declare a state of emergency on the economy, power and other sectors in the country. The cleric expressed  his dissatisfaction with the current state of the country where he claimed that virtually all sectors were going through difficulties. The cleric made this known at a press briefing to announce the activities marking his church’s world convention tagged: “the 2019 Rhema World Convention at the Champions Peace Cathedral, Temidire, Sango Otta, Ogun State.” Speaking on the state of the nation, Akinola noted that the economy of the country had not improved, adding that, “the economy of Nigeria only recorded 1.9 per cent growth last quarter, lower than the initial World Bank projection of 2.2 per cent. In short, the economy is bleeding, with the attendant effects of falling living standard at homes, almost across the board.” He lamented that the government instead tackling the terrible economic situation was piling taxes and charges on the people without considering the negative impacts such trends would have on the people governed. “We are of the opinion that it’s rather better to cut down on the huge cost of governance than passing the burdens onto the ordinary citizens who are just struggling to hold up their heads above the murky economic waters. However, to our greatest chagrin, what we see is that government is rather increasing the number of cabinet ministers and advisers. We strongly feel that this development is not in the interests of our nation’s economic development, and should be looked into both critically and urgently by government, and readdressed without further delay,” he added. Stakeholders task  Christians on attitude to herbal medicine Cleric cautions govts against empty promises A Biography of Pastor Chris Oyakhilome: The Glorious Life of… Cleric tasks Christians on love and services to humanity Akinola also expressed his grievance about the state of security in the nation, noting that, insecurity had escalated across the nation. “Nigerians everyday in the present time are being inundated with reports of killings, robbery, banditry, kidnapping, with resultant disasters and economic depression. A government panel found that bandits collected over N3 billion in ransom from 2011 to May 2019, widowed 4, 983 women, orphaned 25, 050 children and displaced 190, 340 persons in Zamfara State alone. In the first four months of 2019, said the police, 1, 071 persons were killed. Kidnapping, banditry and communal strife have emptied farms and destroyed the livelihoods of many citizens in many parts of the country,” he lamented. He, however, advised that government, as a matter of urgency should intensify efforts towards making other means of transportation like rail, water and air transportation available to reduce pressure on the roads, just as he urged President Muhammadu Buhari to declare an emergency on the state of some of our nation’s infrastructure. like electricity power generation, which is presently put at a miserable 4,000 MW and further review the privatisation process of the electricity sector with a view to solving the problem. Speaking on the convention, Akinola stated that it will commence from today to November 10 with series of programmes, while popular Hosanna Night will hold on November 8 and the grand-finale will hold on November 10. Some of the gospel artistes that will perform at the convention include, Mike Abdul, Wunmi Sax, Olufunke Akins, Folasade Taiwo, Bois Olorun,  and Praise Machine, among others. Notable clerics that will minister at the eight-day event include Reverend Kunle Adesina; Bishop Ayo Olubusuyi; Bishop Victor Akilla; Bishop Abiodun Akinteye; Bishop Israel Alaya; Pastor Femi Gbenjo; Pastor Sina Olufade and Pastor Tofunmi Opaleye, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.