IN the past two months across the country, about 1,392 people have so far been rescued in various detention centres, as there are fears that more centres are likely to be discovered. There had been apprehensions across the country following the discovery, from September 26, of various centres where people were found either chained, being tortured or living in pitiable conditions. In the first rescue carried out in Rigasa area in Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State in September, 300 people were found in an Islamic centre, with some of them not only being starved, but also sexually abused and chained. On October 14, in Daura, Katsina State, 67 men were rescued by police from another Islamic centre and it was tales of woes from many of them. Two days later, on October 16, police freed about 500 men and boys chained to walls in another Islamic school in the state. Also, on October 19, 147 persons comprising 22 females and 125 males were equally rescued at Malam Niga rehabilitation centre in the same Rigasa. Three days later, 11 inmates were rescued at a religious centre in Zaria, Kaduna State. Why Sowore is still in our custody ― DSS Spokesperson On October 24, 108 malnourished and sick people were rescued from an Islamic reform centre in Gaa’Odota, in Ilorin West Local Government Area of Kwara State and some of the inhabitants of the centre were in chains. Similarly, on November 4, personnel of the Oyo State Police Command raided an illegal detention centre at a mosque in the Ojoo area of Ibadan and rescued 259 persons being held hostage there. 23 million married as children in Nigeria —UNICEF Boko Haram: South West governors should buckle up  —Gani… Gunmen kill security guard at mining site in Osun Speak out on your relationship with Buhari, Middle Belt… The victims were made up of 191 males, 34 females, 11 children, and 23 sick persons. It was gathered that the victims had been in chains for between two and 10 years. Meanwhile, following the discovery of illegal rehabilitation centres in Kaduna and Zaria, Kaduna State government has commenced the construction of no fewer than five rehabilitation centres across the state. The state Commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Mrs Hafsat Baba, disclosed this when she fielded questions from newsmen. The commissioner, while giving an update on the project, said all the centres were still under lock and key. She said her ministry had reunited the children with their families after undergoing medical test. “I think only one or two staff of the one of the centres are currently being prosecuted in court, while Malam Niga has been released after making a statement in the police command,” she said. According to her, the raid on the centres was not a witch hunt, as there had been a series of complaints from citizens about the centres.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.