The governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ogun State during the 2019 general election, Senator Buruji Kashamu, has congratulated President Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progressives Congress (APC) for winning the November 16 governorship elections in Bayelsa and Kogi States. In a statement issued in Lagos on Monday, Kashamu said the misfortunes that have befallen the PDP were long foretold and self-inflicted. He blamed it all on the alleged “evil machinations and mercantile politics of the National Chairman of the PDP, Prince Uche Secondus.” The statement reads in part, “Secondus is only interested in his pocket and where his bread will be buttered. As a serial betrayer, he does not care about the interest of the PDP and its teeming members. He cares only about his greed. He has long begun the process of emasculating the party through his many acts of impunity, high-handedness and crass arrogance as if he is the Lord of the Manor. “Secondus has squandered the over N4billion that he realised from the sale of tickets during the 2019 general election. He lavishes the money on private jets and wears $10,000 jacket. To feather his nest, Secondus singlehandedly gave the tickets in Bayelsa and Kogi States to the highest bidders. “But, the Almighty Allah has used President Buhari and the APC to prove to him that power belongs to Him alone and He gives it to whoever he wants. That is why the PDP lost woefully in Bayelsa State after being in power for 20 years. Buhari not sponsor of Hate Speech Bill, Senate replies PDP We’ll improve education for knowledge-based society ― Buhari Buhari receives Bayelsa governor-elect, Lyon Appeal Court nullifies APC’s petition against PDP… ALSO READ: Kogi guber: APC Chieftain says Bello will do better second term “The theatrics leading to the election in Kogi State are all too familiar to be recounted. No thanks to Secondus’ bread and butter kind of politics.” Senator Kashamu described President Buhari and the APC as being more politically savvy, urging them to continue to capitalise on PDP’s weaknesses until it learns useful lessons and retraces its steps like the prodigal son. He urged President Buhari not to relent on his anti-corruption drive, saying it remains the unique selling point of the current administration. The former lawmaker, who represented Ogun East Senatorial District in the eighth Senate, said the long years of corruption have affected the economy negatively and it will take some time to fix it. “It is visible to all and sundry that President Buhari is on the right track in fixing the economy and improving infrastructure with several initiatives such as the Treasury Single Account (TSA), Deep Offshore Act, road and railways, among others,” he said. Senator Kashamu said he remains a chieftain of the PDP whether Secondus likes it or not, adding that he will continue to fight for the right things to be done within the party. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!