Bauchi State Governor, Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed has extended his hands of fellowship to all opposition parties in the state particularly the APC which his party, PDP defeated during the Gubernatorial Election in the last general election stressing the need for mutual understanding and unity among the people to ensure the success of his administration. The Governor who was reacting to Appeal Court sitting Jos which upheld his election as the Governor of the state described his victory at the Court as a testimony of majesty of the judicial process where the court raised the bar of honour and confidence as the last hope of the common man. While addressing Journalists on the victory held at Ramat House Bauchi, the Governor also described the verdict as a victory for democracy, democratic process and the entire people of the state because of their support to him and his party, PDP during the conduct of the last gubernatorial election in the state. Appeal Court Judgement: Commissioner congratulates Bauchi… Appeal Court victory a validation of people’s will ― Lalong BREAKING: Appeal Court upholds Bala Mohammed election as… Benue guber: Appeal Court affirms Gov Ortom’s election ALSO READ: Appeal Court ruling, test case for Nigerian democracy ― Oyo PDP According to him, with this positive development affirming his election, citizens of the state will now witness credible good governance as his administration will reflect on the challenges so far identified and work on them for the development of the state. Bala Mohammed, therefore, expressed gratitude to all the stakeholders who contributed positively towards ensuring the victory at the Court of Appeal saying that his attention will now be on serving the people now that the legal distraction has been put to rest. It will be recalled that the defeated APC and its gubernatorial candidate, immediate past Governor of the state, Mohammed Abdullahi Abubakar had approached the Gubernatorial Election Petition Tribunal to challenge the declaration of Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir and the PDP as winners of the Gubernatorial Election, the Tribunal dismissed the petition and not satisfied with the Tribunal judgment, he headed to the Appeal Court where he has also lost. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!