POLITICAL players in the country have been advised to de-emphasise material wealth as a criterion for eligibility for political offices. The Muslim Ummah of South-West Nigeria (MUSWEN) gave the advice in a communique after its fourth General Assembly held recently in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. The umbrella body of Muslims and Muslim organisations in the south-western part of Nigeria also charged the faithful who belong in the various political parties in the land to set aside their differences and unite in the pursuit of matters relating to Islam and national development. MUSWEN, in the communique signed by a member of MUSWEN Board of Trustees, Alhaji Ishaq Kunle Sanni and the chairman of the General Assembly planning committee, Professor Wole Abbas, also condemned what it perceived as the lopsidedness in political appointments against Muslims in the South West and the country generally. The body also reiterated its commitment to the pursuit of the religious and constitutional right of Muslim women all over the country to use hijab and, therefore, threw its weight behind the legal pursuit of the hijab right of female Muslim students of the International School of the University of Ibadan. Gov Dickson attributes second term “feat” to divine… FG trains 10, 000 Gombe women, youths on agricultural… BREAKING: Supreme Court sacks Eleruwa of Eruwa, popular Oyo… NGO advocates increased awareness campaigns to demystify HIV The conference also announced the appointment of Muslih Yahya, a retired professor of Arabic and Islamic Studies from the University of Jos, as the new executive secretary of the body following the expiration of the tenure of the pioneer holder of that position, Professor Dawud Noibi. It demanded for the establishment of shari’ah court by governments in the South West to cater for the yearnings of Muslims “who are in the majority” to replace shari’ah panels being operated presently by Muslim organisations. MUSWEN gave its Central Working Committee six months to fill the post of the president of the body following the death of Dr Sakariyau Babalola. The General Assembly took place at the conference hall of the University of Ibadan mosque complex with the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar, as the special guest of honour. The chairman of the Board of Trustees, Prince Abdul Jabbar Bola Ajibola, was represented by Alhaji Kunle Sanni. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!