One of Nigeria’s largest research institutes, the Forestry Research Institute of Nigeria (FRIN), has trained farmers on how to combine the growing of trees with arable crops as well as enlightening them on the best tree species to combine with these crops. This is in a bid to address food insecurity and tackle the economic downturn by applying the concept of green economy and environmental activities. This was the highlight of FRIN’s 2019 Farming Systems Workshop held at the institute’s headquarters in Ibadan from November 7 to 8, 2019. The theme was: ‘Economic Recovery and Food Security: Green Economy and Environmental Approach.’ Speaking during his welcome address at the workshop, the Minister of Environment, Dr Mohammad Mahmood, noted that one of the major challenges facing the country is how to achieve sustainable food security for 200 million people while minimising further environmental degradation. The ministry has realised that current food systems are vulnerable to climate change and associated weather extremes causing environmental degradation. He said that “the Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO) has put the rate of deforestation at 3.5 per cent annually and has predicted that if the current rate of forest depletion continues, the remaining forest area will likely disappear by 2030. Apart from urban and infrastructure development, extensive agriculture is one of the factors that has exacerbated deforestation. The effects of deforestation include soil erosion and flooding, loss of biodiversity, desert encroachment and climate change.” Why I declared free education in Oyo ― Seyi Makinde The minister, who was represented by the ministry’s Permanent Secretary, Mrs Ibukun Odusote, noted that “according to FAO, climate change will affect the four dimensions of food security namely: food availability, accessibility, stability and utilisation. Developing countries like Nigeria that are highly vulnerable to climate change effects, it is crucial to understand farmers responses to climate variations as this will help to design appropriate coping strategies that will help in achieving sustainable food production and food security. “In order to reduce the impacts of environmental challenges on food production and security in Nigeria, research institutes that have mandates on food security and environmental sustainability, particularly FRIN, should focus their research activities on ways to assess climate change and food security dynamics as well as the determinants of adoption of various climate change adaptation strategies.” Patronise PSP operators, LAWMA appeals to Lagos residents Oyo waste management contract termination: WestAfricaENRG… COP25: The long, winding journey to Spain Ogun plans waste management reforms for cleaner environment The minister noted that “FRIN has recorded some breakthroughs with comparative cost advantage that will be of benefit to all stakeholders in the workshop.” In his address, the Director-General of FRIN, Professor Adeshola Adepoju said that the farming systems workshop was to exhibit FRIN’s research breakthroughs over the years, for farmers and stakeholders to adopt, in order to alleviate poverty and, combat environmental challenges including flooding and climate change and reduce food insecurity. He said, the institute has “helped farmers to make the best use of their land, boost crop yields, diversify income and practise climate-smart agriculture for sustainable food production in the country.” In his keynote address, Executive Secretary of Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFUND), Professor Suleiman Bogoro, made a case for increased funding for research and development in the country. He charged academics to ensure that their research is not just academic work, but should solve real life problems. He advocated for industries to work with academics to achieve practical solutions from research. The two-day workshop was attended by farmers, academics, staff of FRIN and officials from environment agencies including the National Park Services (NPS), the Environmental Health Oﬃcers’ Registration Council of Nigeria (EHORECON) and National Environmental Standards and Regulations Enforcement Agency (NESREA). Dr Adepoju led the minister and other invited dignitaries on a guided tour of the exhibition area that showcased innovative products and services developed by FRIN.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!