Civil servants in Kogi State have commended the administration of Governor Yahaya Bello for its timely and consistent payment of their salaries between 25th and 27th following the clearing of salary arrears in August 2019. The civil servants admitted that the state government has maintained its stands on ensuring that workers in the state get their salaries on time every month and have told our correspondent that they are experiencing a change since the government was able to finally pay arrears that had accrued since the inception of the present administration. Mr John Attah, a director in the state civil service said despite politically motivated insinuations that the Governor would stop early payment of salaries after winning his second term, the state civil servants have received salaries for the month of November 2019. ALSO READ: Nigeria loses 68,000 women yearly to pregnancy, childbirth complications ― Rotary Kogi guber: PDP cautions banks on loans to Gov Bello Kogi govt recruits 2,200 caterers as school feeding… Kogi 2019: Bello/Onoja’s victory assured ― Ali Atabor Gov Bello presents appointment letter to new Agbana of… He said they remained grateful to Governor Bello for his steadfastness and demonstration of love towards the Kogi workforce, noting that the policy has further encouraged them to redouble their efforts towards the implementation of government policies and programmes and improve their productivity. Also speaking, a middle – cadre civil servant, Abdul Onozasi said the state workforce has been rejuvenated by the government’s early salary payment, noting that their decision to support the Governor’s return for another term was a step in the right direction. In his words: “Governor Bello has shown he is a man of his words. After clearing our salary arrears, several people said it was just a ruse meant to deceive us into voting him again because his re-election bid had already picked momentum. “Also when he started paying our salaries between 25th and 27th of every month, some people still said it was a ploy to have us re-elect him but he has continued gesture even after succeeding in his re-election. I must tell you that a lot of the civil servants in the debt of the Governor and he has given us reasons to continue to be loyal to his administration.” Other civil servants who spoke on the matter acknowledged receipt of their monthly pays, adding that the decision would go a long way in making them to sit up and give their all to the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!