Gunmen have killed up to nine members of a United States Mormon family, believed to be mainly children, in the latest massacre to afflict Mexico, family members said. The victims belonged to the LeBaron family from a breakaway Mormon community that settled in the hills and plains of northern Mexico decades ago. Two relatives Alex and Julian LeBaron told Reuters nine people had died, though a government source only confirmed five. It was unclear what motivated the killings, which took place on Monday on a dirt road between Chihuahua and Sonora states, both bordering the United States. A video posted on social media showed the charred and smoking remains of a vehicle riddled with bullet holes that were apparently carrying the victims when the attack happened. “This is for the record,” says a male voice in an American accent, off-camera, choking up with emotion. ALSO READ:US ex-envoy to Ukraine felt ‘threatened’ by Trump “Nita and four of my grandchildren are burnt and shot up.” It could not independently verify the video. US ex-envoy to Ukraine felt ‘threatened’ by… McDonald’s boss fired after dating employee UK parliament to elect new Speaker for Brexit hot seat Trump officials shun impeachment inquiry as lawmakers… Mexico has been hit by a wave of attacks in recent weeks, shocking even for a country inured to a decade of drug war violence. The most notable incident was a military-style cartel assault that forced the government to release a leader of the Sinaloa Cartel in October. Given US citizens were killed on Monday, the incident may increase pressure from Washington on President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador to rein in armed groups. There was no immediate indication of who was behind the attack. Chihuahua and Sonora state governments issued a joint statement saying an investigation had been launched and that some people were presumed dead and others missing. The statement noted additional federal and local security forces were being sent into the area near the border between the two Mexican states but did not provide further details. Julian LeBaron described the incident as a “massacre,” saying some family members were burnt alive. In a text message, he said other injured members of the family were being transported to Phoenix, Arizona for treatment. He said four boys, two girls, and three women were killed. “We don’t know why, though they had received indirect threats. We don’t know who did it,” he said. Several children who fled the attack were lost for hours in the countryside before being found, Julian LeBaron added. “My cousin was murdered with her children in the truck,” Alex LeBaron said, adding he believed nine people died. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.