President, Nigerian Society of Engineers (NSE), Mr Adekunle Mokuolu, has charged members of the society to cooperate with the government of the day on ensuring the delivery of standardised roads and equipment for the benefit of the citizens. Mokuolu made the call at the investiture ceremony of Mr Abdulrasaq Jimoh as the second chairman of the Oluyole branch of the NSE on Friday. Speaking at the investiture/inauguration of the Oluyole branch executive at Jogor Centre Ibadan, Mokuolu urged the engineers, particularly the Oluyole and Ibadan branch members to cooperate with the Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, and his deputy, Mr Rauf Olaniyan, who are both fellows of the Nigerian Society of Engineers. “I urge the engineers in Oyo State to cooperate with Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde’s administration because he is one of us and his success means a lot to our dear association,” Mokuolu said. He further said it is only when Makinde succeeded as the governor of Oyo State that other states of the federation would be motivated to give other engineers in the state the opportunity to lead. Buhari meets Welby, Archbishop of Canterbury, in London Makinde calls for religious harmony, tolerance as Muslims… Border closure should last for more than 2 years ― Hon… Cattle trader arrested for defiling 10-year-old girl in Ondo In his own speech, Mr Ifedayo Akintunde urged the Oluyole branch members to cooperate with the mother association, the Ibadan branch of the NSE, which the Oluyole branch seceded from. ALSO READ: Makinde calls for religious harmony, tolerance as Muslims mark Eid-El-Maulud Giving the keynote speech of the day, Mr Yusuf Aliyu, the CEO of Yusal Consult, called on government at all levels to ensure that engineers are put in various engineering ministries and departments across the board. “It is only when engineers are given the opportunity to lead the engineering ministries and departments across the country that proper accountability and optimum discharge of duty can be recorded,” he said. Other executive members that were inaugurated at the event are, Mr Wale Ojoawo, vice chairman; Mr Saheed Busari, general secretary; Mrs Adejumoke Adebiyi, treasurer; Mr Cornelius Bolanle, assistant general secretary; Mr Adedayo Sule, technical secretary; Mr Ayodele Olowonawu, financial secretary; Mr Adeseye Omolade, assistant technical secretary; Mr Jude Ugwuoke, publicity secretary; Mr Ifeoluwa Adedeji, membership secretary; Mr Ademola Agoro, IPC/ex-officio I; and Mr Samson Okunola, ex-officio II. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.