Gombe state Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has charged members of the newly inaugurated State Executive Council (SEC) to work as a team towards a single goal in order to pursue the common objectives of improving the social, economic and political conditions of the people of the state. They were also charged to shun any corrupt action declaring that his APC led administration will not condone any corrupt practice because it has zero-tolerance for corruption. Inuwa Yahayagave the charge while inaugurating the members of the SEC in Gombe on Saturday saying that the only way to achieve the set objectives of the administration is working together as a team irrespective of ideas and personal opinions. Inuwa Yahayawent ahead to advise the Commissioners to be closer to the people in order to know what their expectations from the government so that they will know what to present as memos to the Council for deliberation and consequent approval. Inuwa Yahaya further reminded them to see their appointments as a privilege to serve the people as well as contribute to the development of the state warning them to shun any act that will ridicule the administration. Propertymart assures residents of Citiview Estate of… MKO Abiola’s doctor, Ore Falomo, is dead Fayemi was not denied US visa ― NGF Buhari mourns Falomo, late Abiola’s doctor ALSO READ: Unknown gunmen allegedly kill security guard at mining site in Osun Inuwa Yahaya then announced the portfolio for the Commissioners with Barr Zubairu Muhammad Umar – Attorney-General & Commissioner of Justice; Ibrahim Dasuki Jalo Waziri – Local Government & Chieftaincy Affairs; Dr. Aishatu Usman Maigari – Science, Technology and Innovation; Muhammad Danladi Adamu – Lands & Survey; Dr. Ahmed Mohammed Gana – Health; Muhammad Gambo Magaji – Finance & Economic Development while Usman Jafun Biri goes to Rural, Community Development & Cooperatives. Others Inuwa Yahaya announced are, Nasiru Aliyu Mohammed – Commerce, Industry and Tourism; Shehu Ibrahim Madugu – Energy & Mineral Resources; Mrs Naomi JJ Awak – Women Affairs and Social Development; Julius Ishaya – Youth & Sports Development; Meshack Audu Lauco – Higher Education; Mela Audu Nunghe – Special Duties and Engr. Abubakar Bappah – Works & Transport. Making the list are, Mijinyawa Yahaya – Water Resources; Dauda Batari Zambuk – Internal Security & Ethical Orientation; Dr. Habu Dahiru – Education; Dr. Hussaina Mohammed Goje – Environment & Forest Resources; Mohammed Magaji Gettado – Agriculture & Animal Husbandry; Ibrahim Alhassan Kwami – Information & Culture and Adamu Kupto Dishi – Housing & Urban Development. In the same vein, determined to entrench institutional reforms and foster efficiency and effectiveness in service delivery, Gombe State Governor, Alhaji Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has approved some appointments. Those appointed are, Yusuf Daudu Kaltungo, Director General, Bureau of Civil Service Reforms; Shehu Yarima Abdullahi, Director General/ North-East Development Commission ( NEDC); Babayola Mohammed Isa, Director General, Due Process and Project Monitoring and Mr. Nuhu Sada Laumana, Director General, Federal Government Relations Bureau All the appointments take immediate effect. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.