A group, the Pan African Movement for Peace, Human Rights and Social Justice (PAMPHRSJ), has condemned the continued orchestrated campaign of calumny and blackmail against Mr Allen Onyema over alleged money laundering by the United States. Mr Onyema is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Air peace Airline who has been accused by the United States of money laundering and has been invited for quizzing. “We vehemently oppose and condemn the ongoing deliberate mischief, calculated blackmail, sponsored smear campaign, conspiratory media crucifixion, hasty and premeditated guilty verdict in the court of public opinion on Barrister Allen Onyema even before the commencement of his trial in the United States of America by social media agents and aides of the Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari led by one Lauretta Onochie,” the group warned. Addressing a group of journalists in Warri, Delta State at the weekend, the conveners, Rex Ekiugbo Anighoro, Ambassador Sixtus Obinna and Edmund Atas, the group demanded that President Buhari and the Presidency should immediately rise up and do all that is necessary through diplomatic initiatives to protect and defend Onyema from needless witch-hunting. Members of the group, who were armed with placards denouncing the allegations, alleged that from the statements of Onochie on the social media since the issue broke out, it was obvious there’s more to the allegations against the business mogul than meet the eye. ALSO READ: Nigerian Army rescues three health officials, 17 others in Yobe Alleged N32.9bn fraud: Mompha granted N100m bail EFCC arraigns fake EFCC boss in Port Harcourt P&ID $9.6bn judgment: EFCC kicks as Briton begs court… Alleged N6.9bn fraud: Judge’s absence stalled… “She has unapologetically made it pellucid on behalf of herself and those she is a spokesperson for that she viewed through the lenses of suspicion, mischief and hate, the patriotic gesture and sacrifice of Barrister Onyema rising up to evacuate stranded Nigerians in South Africa in the wake of the Xenophobic attacks. “For a Lauretta Onochie and those she works for in the presidency, even the presumption of a suspect being innocent until proven guilty beyond reasonable doubts is a luxury for Barrister Allen Onyema and as such it must be vacated. “The mischievous castigation and casting of aspersions on Barrister Allen Onyema by a Presidential aide strengthens the suspicion in many quarters that the Presidency is deliberately working with Barrister Allen Onyema Business competitors which includes her Western collaborators to set him up, pull him down and frustrate his business efforts. “Lauretta Onochie assertions evidences the growing belief that Persons in the Presidency are actually the ones pulling the sudden indictment strings of bank fraud and money laundering against an Allen Onyema who has been doing business long enough in America without any blemish. “We have it on good authority that the diarrhoea of the mouth suffering Lauretta Onochie has been mandated to work with individuals, groups and even imposters like the outlawed Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND) to generate and ignite public backlash against Barrister Allen Onyeama so as to quicken the use of their bulldog Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to hound and harass him, force him to resign as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of AirPeace for their possible take over of the Airpeace Airline which has been efficiently managed by Barrister Allen Onyeama and has survived beyond their doom expectations,” the group further alleged. The group, therefore, called on all men of good conscience to call on President Buhari and the Presidency to “show to us good cause why the Presidency and its key actors should be exonerated from this macabre dance and shame of a Nation.” It further warned the Nigerian government never to “allow Barrister Onyema to be embarrassed and ridiculed like a common criminal before the global community nor made to feel nationless and homeless despite his outstanding contributions to making Nigeria and Africa a global pride.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!