The management of Twitter is currently sending out a warning email to people with Twitter accounts that have been inactive for more than six months, stating that inactive users are to sign in by December 11th or their accounts will be deactivated and the usernames allocated to other users. According to the Twitter spokesperson, the micro-blogging site is working to clean up inactive accounts to present more accurate, credible information people can trust across Twitter. “As part of our commitment to serving the public conversation, we are working to clean up inactive accounts to present more accurate, credible information people can trust across Twitter, part of this effort is encouraging people to actively log-in and use Twitter when they register an account, as stated in our inactive accounts policy. ALSO READ: TOTAL invests N100m in capacity building for 240 young graduates “We have begun proactive outreach to many accounts who have not logged into Twitter in over six months to inform them that their accounts may be permanently removed due to prolonged inactivity.” Twitter to delete inactive accounts in December Twitter accuses UK of misleading public in election row Twitter bans political adverts worldwide Twitter allows users sideline unwanted ‘Direct… They stated that the account removal process will happen over many months, not just a single day. To prevent account deactivation, users are required to just log in to their accounts on twitter and follow the instructions. The email being sent out has a subject line of “Don’t lose access to @(username).” “Hello, “To continue using Twitter, you’ll need to agree to the current Terms, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Use. This not only lets you make the best decisions about the information that you share with us, It also allows you to keep using your Twitter account. But first, you need to log in and follow the on-screen prompts before Dec. 11, 2019, otherwise your account will be removed from Twitter.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!