The Permanent Secretary of the Federal Ministry of Science and Technology, Mr Bitrus Bako Nabasu, has said the Federal Government would continue to utilize science policies, so as to make Nigeria economy strong and competitive among International communities. Mr Nabasu, stated this at the opening ceremony of the 17th National Council on Science and Technology, with the Theme; Moving Nigeria From Import Dependent To Sustainable Self Reliant And Exporting Nation Through Science, Technology and Innovation (STI), held in Awka, the Anambra state capital on Monday. According to Mr Nabasu, who was represented by the Director, Science Technology Promotion in the Ministry, Dr Ekanem Udoh, said the Ministry deliberately chose the topic to support the federal government’s decision on the closure of borders to enhance local production and patronage and that is in line with the presidential Executive Order No.5, in order to promote the made in Nigeria goods campaign, under the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan. ALSO READ: Ebonyi commissioner describes inauguration of Bakassi Boys as fake news In his words, “By effectively harnessing the talent and energies of people and responsibly exploit natural endowments to guarantee a high standard of living”. Don tasks students on basic science, technology education 3D printers make it possible for anyone to produce drugs… Emefiele says science, technology, innovation, key to… FEC approves new guideline on science, engineering,… He urged participants at the conference, to deliberate intensively, as their decisions would be key in improving the lives of the average Nigerian citizen and will spur them to appreciate the relevance of Science to societal development. According to Mr Nabasu, “you are expected to bring your wealth of experience to bear as the STI sector is the driver of other sectors of the Nigerian Economy”. Nabasu, said for Nigeria to be rated highly among the comity of nations, it solely depends on utilization of Science, Technology and Innovation. He said he is hopeful the deliberations and decisions to be reached at the conference, will help Nigeria transform from a resource-based to a Knowledge and Innovation-driven economy based on. Earlier, the Permanent Secretary of the Anambra State Ministry of Tertiary education, Science and Technology Pauline Nwandu, said that the decisions reached at the end of the conference would be central in the implementation of roadmap policy. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!