The Ogun State government has announced plans to launch a “clean-up” initiative, as part of efforts to maintain hygienic environment in the state. The Secretary to the State Government, Mr Tokunbo Talabi, disclosed this in Abeokuta during a meeting with officials of the state Ministry of Environment and members of the Association of Waste Managers of Nigeria (AWAN) in the state. Talabi said that the plan had become necessary in order to address the existing waste management system in the state which he described as “capable of endangering peoples’ lives. “Upon his assumption of office, Gov. Dapo Abiodun observed that the mode of waste collection, as well as its management, was totally not acceptable to the government and the people of the state. Border closure: January 31 not sacrosanct ― Ali “We took time to study and observe the existing process of waste management in the state and came to the realisation that the process needed to be overhauled. COP25: The long, winding journey to Spain GEIL to partner biodiversity NGOs to protect endangered… Japan trains two Nigerians on solid waste management Ogoni Cleanup: We are committed to full remediation —FG “Clearly, we need to reform this aspect of our lives and also plan to turn waste into wealth,” he said. Talabi also disclosed that government had appointed a waste management expert with proven track record to manage and supervise the collection and management of generated waste in the state. Addressing the meeting, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Environment, Mr Ola Oresanya, stressed the importance of clean environment to the wellbeing of the people. Oresanya explained that a department would soon be created by the state government to work harmoniously with its various council areas to ensure successful implementation of the plan. He also said that plans were underway to upgrade the existing dump sites and build bigger ones across the state.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.