With two weeks to go before the UK goes to the polls in a general election, an old newspaper column written by current Prime Minister Boris Johnson has surfaced in which he stereotypes Nigerians. Mr Johnson, who used to work as a journalist, wrote a piece in 1999 about how young people could be attracted back to the Conservative party. This was two years into the first government of Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair when Conservative popularity was at a low ebb. “We had to recognise that Blair had found a way of making people feel good about getting rich,” Mr Johnson wrote. “All the young people I know, that is those under 30 – are just as avaricious as we flinty Thatcherite yuppies of the 1980s; in fact, they have an almost Nigerian interest in money and gadgets of all kinds.” ALSO READ: Poor conditions in hospitals are causing ‘silent genocide’, Zimbabwe medics on strike say UK’s Johnson drops corporate tax cut plan in bid to… Gombe governor mourns late Tafawa Balewa’s wife,… Osinbajo jets to Norway for Nordic-African Business summit Brexit: UK’s Johnson to face MPs after bombshell court… Anti-racism campaigner Weyman Bennett told the UK’s Guardian newspaper that Mr Johnson’s words were “deeply racist and offensive”. The BBC has asked the Conservative Party to comment. In the past, Mr Johnson has apologised for a 2002 column on Mr Blair’s trips abroad in which he wrote: “It is said that the Queen has come to love the Commonwealth, partly because it supplies her with regular cheering crowds of flag-waving piccaninnies.” “They say he is shortly off to DR Congo. No doubt the AK47s will fall silent, and the pangas will stop their hacking of human flesh, and the tribal warriors will all break out in watermelon smiles.” Mr Johnson’s comments about Nigerians have surfaced as the row continues about anti-Semitism in the main opposition Labour party. Party leader Jeremy Corbyn has come under fire for not saying he is sorry about it in a BBC interview. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!