THE Federation of International Women Lawyers (FIDA) and the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Ekiti State Council has held a procession targeted at the reduction of incidences of rape, defilement and child trafficking in the state. During the public procession on Monday, the unions expressed sadness at the increasing rate of rape, defilement, teenage pregnancy and child abuse in the state, saying strong actions must be taken to stem the tide and protect the rights of the children. The procession, which was part of the activities lined up for the 2019 NUJ press week, took off at the NUJ’s office located at Oke Bareke, Ado Ekiti and moved down to Irona Market, Atikankan, Okeyinmi junction, Okesa and Fajuyi areas of the Ado-Ekiti metropolis. Speaking, the chairperson of FIDA, Mrs Seyi Ojo, advised those with uncontrollable libidos to be circumspect of their actions, saying the laws are already in place to punish such individuals. ALSO READ:  23 million married as children in Nigeria —UNICEF “Ekiti had sought amendments to the Gender-Based Violence Prohibition Law to include life jail for rape offenders, instead of the usual five years jail term. 11-year-old kidnapped in Kano, sold at Onitsha for N200,000… Anti-hate Speech Bill: Atiku warns of disastrous… Human capital development: Bauchi seeks World Bank… Cleric to Nigerians: Banish thought that no godly person can… “The punishment also includes medical castration and publishing of names and photographs of offenders and even suspects on the state’s website to notify the world about their evil deeds. “We hear of one rape incident every day and how children under five years were being defiled by old men. This is unacceptable and it must stop,” she said. The NUJ Chairman in the state, Mr Rotimi Ojomoyela lamented the increasing cases rape against minors in the state, adding that all stakeholders must join hands to put an end to the scourge. According to him, “Some men are even worse by committing incest, having sex with their own daughter and even going to the extent of Impregnating her. Ekiti is a land of honour and integrity, this sordid scenario should not be allowed to continue.” On his part, the state Chairman of the Trade Union Congress, Comrade Sola Adigun, urged parents to comply with the government’s directive that all children of school age must be registered in school. “Don’t make children slaves by asking them to hawk during school hours. This can expose them to sexual molestation or deprive them of education. Monitor your children movements and don’t allow anyone you can’t trust to take them away for sexual slavery,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!