I just had a stool test and the report confirmed that I am positive for Pylori Antigen. Kindly let me know what this means. Samuel (by SMS) No one is too powerful for me to control — Buhari My poor erection Weight problems at 70 My daughter’s bow legs I have anal tag The Helicobacter Pylori fecal antigen test is a rapid test for the detection of the H. Pylori bacteria infection from stool samples.  The test has been reported to be very specific (98%) and sensitive (94%). The results are positive in the initial stages of infection and can be used to detect eradication after treatment. H. Pylori is a common type of bacteria that grows in the digestive tract and has a tendency to attack the stomach lining. It infects the stomachs of the world’s adult population. H. pylori infections are usually harmless, but they’re responsible for the majority of ulcers in the stomach and small intestine. While infections with this strain of bacteria typically don’t cause symptoms, they can lead to diseases in some people, including peptic ulcers, and an inflammatory condition inside your stomach known as gastritis. When the infection leads to an ulcer, symptoms may include abdominal pain, especially when your stomach is empty at night or a few hours after meals. The pain is usually described as a gnawing pain, and it may come and go. Eating or taking antacid drugs may relieve this pain. If you have this type of pain or a strong pain that doesn’t seem to go away, you should visit your doctor.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.