AN English language expert, Professor Gabriel Egbe has offered insight into how to overcome the persistent challenge of mass failures in English language by candidates as reflected in public examinations and its usage errors in the country. Egbe, a Professor of English Language at Veritas University, Bwari, Abuja, however, insisted that Nigeria as nation does not speak inferior English language. He did not also agree that there is a decline in the reading culture in Nigeria. He spoke while delivering the maiden inaugural lecture of Veritas University, entitled ‘Of New Englishes and New Literacies’ where he argued that “Nigerian English is not a substandard variety of English and Nigerians should not be apologetic in the use of Nigerian English.” He stressed that Nigerian English is not marked by errors and that errors are committed by sloppy writers and users of English who violate basic rules of English grammar. He, therefore, called for deliberate investment in language and literacy research by governments at all levels in Nigeria, noting that language and literacy remain key to the development agenda of the country. ‘Cancer patients who use alternative medicine more than… Oyetola, Makinde laud UI on research devt KolaDaisi University donates anti-crime patrol van to… ‘How Nigeria got it wrong in technical education’ Egbe further called for the establishment of English Language Centres in higher institutions in Nigeria to provide both remedial and continuous learning opportunities for students throughout the duration of their studies not just what happens in the first year only. “The contents of the communication in English courses should be revamped to focus more on literacy in English with greater emphasis on academic English literacy with clearly articulated skills and competences which students need to acquire for academic achievement and life-long learning,” he noted. While calling on the Federal Government to develop literacy policy to provide minimum benchmark of literacy skills and competencies for Nigerians from primary school to university, Egbe also advocated the adoption of Nigerian English for external examinations conducted by the West African Examination Council (WAEC) and the National Examination Council (NECO), among others. He said it was unfortunate that there was no minimum benchmark of literacy skills and competencies expected of Nigerians from primary school to the university level. “We cannot hope to produce globally competitive citizens when the quantity and quality of the literacy exposure of students are grossly deficient,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!