The Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC), Headquarters Nigerian Army in Minna, on Thursday, urged youths to ensure peaceful coexistence for the development of the country. Maj.-Gen. Abubakar Tarfa, Commander, TRADOC made the call in Minna while receiving a leadership award of excellence from the Northern Youth Council of Nigeria (NYCN) and the Independent Magazine Publishers Association of Nigeria (IMPAN). News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the NYCN presented the recipient with a “certificate of excellence, icon of human transformation”, While the IMPAN honoured him with “national merit award for change and good governance”. Tarfa said: “I challenge our Nigeria youths to ensure peace among our people irrespective of tribe and religion. “I want to also encourage the Northern Youth Council of Nigeria to use the association to seek and ensure peace in the country,” he said. Tarfa enjoined youths across the country to shun vices and restiveness and work for the development of the nation. He thanked the groups for the honor and said that it would spur him to do more for the development of the country. ALSO READ: JUST IN: Identity of sacked Osinbajo’s aides revealed “I am earnestly grateful for the recognition I have received for my work, because I am very sure that every other nominee was as capable, if not more, of winning the award,” he said. Zambian govt condemns increased attacks on albinos CBN says Nigerian companies, individuals free to buy… JUST IN: Identity of sacked Osinbajo’s aides revealed Dadin-Kowa Hydropower plant to be commissioned in December The Commander also commended the Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, officers and soldiers of the Nigerian Army for being instrumental to his achievements. Earlier, Mr Isah Abubakar, national president NYCN said that the council was collaborating with their Southern counterparts to ensure that the people of the country co-habit peacefully. He urged Nigerians to emulate and support the army in ensuring lasting peace in the country. Abubakar said that the award was meant for persons who have made the nation proud in the discharge of their duties, especially in ensuring peace and saving lives and property. “This is why we have selected Maj.-Gen. Abubakar Tarfa to receive this award,” he said. Similarly, Mr Jude Ubaka, national president, IMPAN lauded the recipient for the good work of using the army to promote peace in the country. According to him, “you deserve the national merit award for change and good governance.” Ubaka said that IMPAN was established to promote good governance and economic development. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.