The Lagos State House of Assembly has called on the state governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu to enforce relevant environmental laws in order to address the issue of indiscriminate dumping of refuse in the state. The Assembly urged the governor to direct the Commissioner, Ministry of Environment to do the needful. This was as a result of a motion jointly brought before the House by the Majority Leader, Hon Sanai Ogunbiade and other the Plenary session held yesterday in Lagos. The House frowned at a situation where Lagosians dump refuse in the drainages and road medians. The Assembly described it as a practice that is the major cause of flooding and easy destruction of roads in the state. Lagos Assembly commences debate on 2020 budget Lagos shuts 8 worship centres Lagos PDP elects Doherty as chairman despite court… Atiku’s son-in-law gave Obasanjo $140,000 ― Witness ALSO READ: Taraba Governorship: Appeal Court upholds re-election of Ishaku They lamented that despite the government’s efforts to enlighten the people on the importance of proper waste disposal at designated points, some unscrupulous elements continue to dump refuse at unauthorised places. The House, therefore, recommended that perpetrators should be punished to serve as a deterrent to other intending persons, even as it called on the environmental enforcement court to immediately swing into action. Earlier speaking, The Majority Leader, Hon. Sanai Agunbiade said that the essence of the motion is to give teeth and sanction for such an offender. He added that it is to make effective the principle of community sentencing and to ensure that perpetrators are shamed and embarrassed. In his ruling, The Speaker, Rt. Hon. Mudashiru Obasa called on the Governor to direct the Commissioner, Ministry of Environment to act in tandem with the environmental law. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!