The Assistant Secretary of the Edo State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Mr Anthony Ikuenobe has rejected the suspension of the state chairman of the party, Mr Anselm Ojezua by the National Working Committee. In a statement in Benin, Ikuenobe said that the action which affirmed the decision of those he labelled as a few disgruntled elements in the party on Tuesday was biased. The scribe charged that the speed which the NWC accepted the unconstitutional attempt by “some misguided renegade members of the State Working Committee under the sponsorship and supervision of the National Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole to remove the State Chairman from office without recourse to the State Executive Committee” was puzzling. He said: “In any case, the State Executive Committee of the party in Edo State had met on November 12, 2019 and passed a vote of implicit confidence on the Chairman, Anselm Ojezua”. He added that nothing was done to authenticate the signatories to the infamous document relied on by the officers concerned. El-Rufai’s apology: APC admission of Bello’s failure ― PDP How TB Joshua brokered peace in South Sudan, Tanzania Busola Dakolo to appeal case after court dismisses suit… Southwest development bill scales first reading Having accepted the charade presented to them, they tried to shroud their shameful act in a garb of fairness by purporting to set up a fact-finding panel. This raises very strong doubts whether in fact, a meeting of the NWC actually took place. ALSO READ: Bayelsa guber: INEC says it will put APC on ballot despite court judgement He declared that the scandalous mishandling of the issues relating to Edo State House of Assembly and the naked abuse of power exhibited by the National Chairman in that regard in June 2019 is still very fresh in the party’s memory. The statement fingered Oshiomhole as the sponsor of the Edo Peoples Movement (EPM), a splinter group within the party he reportedly created to destabilize the party in Edo State. The secretary called on Nigerians particular APC faithful party across the country to disregard the purported suspension and the ” contrived fallacies that led to them”. Citing the relevant sections of APC Constitution, Ikuenobe urged the party’s national leadership to recuse itself from any matter concerning Edo State and allow the National Working Committee of the party to attend to the issues and matters raised. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!