Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has assured the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) of the state government’s continuous support in discharging and fulfilling its mandate in the state. Ugwuanyi, represented by the Commissioner for Transport, Chief Matthias Ekweremadu, gave the assurance while declaring open the 2019 Sectoral Workshop of FRSC Enugu State Sector Command Special Marshals held in Enugu. The theme of the workshop is: “The FRSC Special Marshals: Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow”. He noted that the state government would improve its partnership with the FRSC to see how road accidents could be further reduced and ensure safer roads in the state. The governor said: “We also want to partner the FRSC Regular and Special Marshals to ensure effective traffic control as we approach the yuletide. “As it is well known, Enugu State remains the home of hospitality in the country. “We expect increased vehicular traffic as visitors, tourists and people that want to have good time troop into the state in their thousands.” Ugwuanyi, however, lauded the FRSC Special Marshals for their sacrifice and passion to see that Nigerians especially residents of the state were safe on the roads, adding: “You should keep up the good work for humanity.” ALSO READ: Ojukwu memorial lecture: Anambra govt calls for unity among Ndi Igbo How a dying man was raised in Adamawa crusade — Bishop Zuga Don’t privatize water sector AUPCTRE, ERA/FoEN appeal… Bayelsa poll: 7 PDP govs, chairman, others storm Yenagoa Lagos fire: Sanwo-Olu visits Balogun market, sympathises… The National Coordinator of FRSC Special Marshals, Mr Sini Kwabe, noted that the workshop called for sober reflection and soul searching, adding: “We must find new and effective ways of performing better. “The work you have volunteered for is a service to humanity and our fatherland as well as ensure that you make our roads safer and achieve the mandate of FRSC,’’ Kwabe said. FRSC Assistant Corp Marshal in-charge of South-East, Mr Osas Osadabenwen, represented by Deputy Corps Commander, Mr Anthony Ogbodo, advised special marshals to get ready to do the job even in the face of insult from unruly motorists. “You must be calm and courteous while on the job. “You should know that the bulk of your work is enlightenment and education of the motoring public and ensure you act with utmost civility.” Osadabenwen, said. Mr Ogbonnaya Kalu, Sector Commander of FRSC Enugu State, said that the workshop was an annual affair meant to refresh the memories of special marshals and help to keep them abreast of new development in the corps. Kalu noted that special marshals had helped to bridge the gap between the uniform regulars and the public at large, noting that they played prominent roles in traffic management in the state and nationwide. “Today’s event will equally re-awaken the consciousness of the special marshals in their mandate to impact positively in the motoring public by complementing the efforts of the regular marshals in the Command,” he said. Highlights of the event were paper presentations on different aspects of road safety jobs as well as the induction of some new special marshals within the Command. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.