An Assistant Facility Manager with Oasis Meddpa Ltd., Lagos, Aiyelero Olanrewaju, was on Tuesday brought before an Igbosere Magistrates’ Court in Lagos for allegedly defrauding his employer of N2.6 million. Olanrewaju, 33, is facing a two-count charge of conspiracy and theft. The Prosecutor, Insp. Rosemary Ehimegbe told the court that the defendant and others still at large, committed the offences on Oct. 30 at about 2.00 p.m at Cameron Road, Ikoyi, Lagos. ALSO READ: Kwara customs generates N1.27b, seized goods worth N25.4m in 3 month Ehimegbe said that the defendant stole the said money from his employer, Oasis Medspa Ltd. “Olanrewaju, an assistant facility manager at the Oasis Medspa Ltd, stole the sum of N2.6 million, property of his employer,” she said. Visa scam: Travel agent docked for allegedly swindling… Alleged looters list: Everybody treated me like a plague –… 50 Million Lagos commuters used BRT in 10 months, says MD FRSC partners police, military to end robberies on long… The prosecutor said that the offences contravened Sections 411 and 287 (7) of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that conspiracy carries two years imprisonment while stealing from one’s employer attracts seven years imprisonment if convicted. The Magistrate, Mrs O.A Adeshina, granted the defendant bail of N200, 000 with two sureties in like sum. Adesina adjourned the case until Nov. 20 for trial. NAN. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.