SECURITY managers across airports in the country have been challenged to put in their best for the purpose of developing well coordinated and robust measures that will prevent them from being caught unawares in the face of the ongoing terrorism, cyber crime and insider threats bedevilling the country. The managing director of the  Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Captain Hamisu Yadudu, who gave this charge at the just concluded annual retreat of aviation Security personnel in Benin City, emphasized the need to address the ever-evolving and increasing security threats in the aviation industry that have assumed alarming rate globally. Represented by the Director of Security Services, FAAN, Captain Usman Abubakar Sadiq, Yadudu noted that security of civil aviation is top priority saying that states have an obligation to maintain an efficient air transport system with a view to managing confusion and disorder in airport terminals as essential to the security of the system. How to tackle mass  failures, errors in English  language… ‘Cancer patients who use alternative medicine more than… Oyetola, Makinde laud UI on research devt KolaDaisi University donates anti-crime patrol van to… Yadudu said FAAN had embarked on a strategic restructuring of its security and safety initiatives, adding that under the present administration there had been provision and procurement of new scanning security equipment with the latest technology capable of explosive and narcotics detection. While declaring that the construction of bi-metal security fence with anti -climb and intrusion detection systems  were ongoing in Benin, Ilorin, Owerri, Port Harcourt and Kaduna, Yadudu added that the upgrade of security camera,  was ongoing in some airports and in various stages of completion just as he hinted  that the Murtala Mohammed Airport  and four others would be ready soon while other airports were also being worked on. According to him, a total of 727 aviation security and aerodrome rescue and fire fighting officers, were recruited, trained and graduated from the security institute in Kaduna. In his keynote address at the occasion, the Director of security services Captain Usman Abubakar Sadiq said, the aim of the retreat was to seek ways, primarily, to enhance security at airports in view of global threats especially as it affects industry. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!