The continent of Africa harbours the countries that have the most ethnic diversity rating in the world; unbeatably on top of the list is Papua New Guinea with over a thousand ethic groups. Other African countries making names on the list are Tanzania, Uganda, Liberia and of course, Nigeria, with over 370 ethnic groups and over half a thousand indigenous languages is not a ‘poor man’ on the list. That is how the Nigerian society is structured along multiethnic lines, with diversity in character, religion, socio-economic status, political affiliations, among other values. It is against this background that some argue that the multiplicity of ethnic groups in Nigeria, among other factors, is responsible for the unavoidable and ever increasing presence of hate speeches in the country, particularly in the Nigerian social media space. But, that argument cannot stand. This is because, if countries like India – with more ethnic groups than Nigeria, a population that’s almost six folds bigger than Nigeria, yet, don’t complain about similar issue as much as we do, then, the problem is not with the diversity but how we are unable to manage our diversity  to our advantage. It is no longer news to say that ethnic-based hate speeches have robbed us of our core values of peaceful coexistence and collectivism. Hence, any effort to curb it should be applauded. The decision of the Nigerian Senate to device a means of curbing hate speeches is good in all sense of goodness, but, proposing death penalty, jail terms and N10million fine for offenders is quite out of place. Abideen Olasupo: Unlocking clean energy for Africans We’ll soon witness lots of M&As in the nation’s… FoodCo unfolds 37th anniversary plans Excitements, as Power Oil Walkhearton 4.0 ends in Rivers Instead of this strict legal approach, it is rather reasonable to think of adopting the model used by the HeartUmight students and active citizens network where sensitisation are carried out online and offline to create sound awareness of such speeches and the need to deviate from them as well as identifying key hate words through studies  and strategically countering them. The Federal Government of Nigeria can also consider Public-Private Partnership to establish a working partnership with non-governmental organizations like the Centre for Information Technology and Development (CITAD), HeartUmight, etc, and government agencies like the National Orientation Agency, to address such issues of national concern. Former president, Goodluck Jonathan once said: “Diversity is the spice of life.” If fair strategies are not employed in eradicating the growing hateful narrations and violent extremisms in Nigeria, any attempt to do otherwise may be considered as a political plot to silence the masses.  Sule Matthew, Kano. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!