United States lawmakers, Washington DC, has condemned the continued detention of the publisher of the Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore, Jones Abiri, Kofi Bartels, Samuel Ogundipe and some other journalists and activists by the Nigerian government. This was as the lawmakers also expressed worries and concerns over what it said was the closure of the media and civic space in Nigeria, noting that the actions of the government and the security agencies reflected lack of commitment to civic freedoms. The US lawmakers made the allegations in a letter dated 25 November 2019 and addressed to Ambassador Sylvanus Nsofor, Head of Mission, Embassy of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Washington DC, USA. It noted that the repressive actions of the Nigerian government were becoming more alarming in view of the fact that the government has been defying series of court orders freeing some of the detainees and also resorting to using of excessive force against non-violent protesters in some parts of the country. The lawmakers, in the letter signed by Senator Robert Menedez and a member of the Congress, Josh Gottheimer, sighted on Wednesday by the Nigerian Tribune, condemned the Nigerian government for harassing and detaining Sowore and others, whom it said were investigating and speaking out against politically-sensitive problems, including corruption and insecurity. “A number of troubling reports about Nigerian security services assaulting and detaining journalists, using excessive force on non-violent protesters and taking other actions that inhibit freedom of expression, and otherwise prevent Nigerians from fully exercising their fundamental constitutional rights,” the lawmakers wrote. Alleging that there were reports of torture of some of the detainees, the lawmakers wrote: “In, at least, one instance, the Department of Security Services (DSS) has ignored a court order to release a detained activist. Court threatens to jail DSS DG over Sowore’s continued… Sowore, others’ detention, shame for Nigeria — Amnesty… Activists stage peaceful protest over Sowore’s… Kehinde of the Lijadu sisters fame dies in US at 71 “Restrictions and deadly crackdowns on non-violent protests since 2015 have similarly reflected a lack of apparent commitment to civic freedoms which is beginning to negatively impact the image of Nigeria’s government, both at home and abroad. ALSO READ: Kogi West: Dino storms INEC with fresh petition “Security forces used live ammunition on Shiite protesters in Zaria, Kaduna State in 2015; on protesters in Onitsha, Anambra State in 2016; again on a Shiite procession in Abuja in 2018; raided the office Daily Trust, and arrested the editor in January 2019; and shot and killed Precious Owolabi , a journalist covering a July 2019 protest in Abuja. “These crackdowns have collectively killed hundreds of Nigerian citizens, and serve as a troubling demonstration of the excessive force used by the military. The alleged perpetrators of these abuse(s) have yet to be brought to justice.” The US lawmakers, in the letter, noted that Nigeria has a critical role to play in preserving peace and stability in the West African sub-region, adding that, as the most populous democracy on the African Continent, it could serve as a shining example of how countries can best observe the rights enshrined in the African Charter on Human and People’s Rights. “However, failure to respect the rights in the Charter and those in Nigeria’s own constitution undermine your nations’ ability to lead in this area. “We urge you to ensure that the rights and liberties contained in the constitution are observed for all citizens, and to take action against further closing space for journalists, political opposition and those in civil society. The rights of all citizens must be respected without the threat of government reprisal. We look forward to seeing progress on this critically important issue,” the letter read. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!