Robert Downey Jr honors Marvel legend ‘late Stan Lee’ while accepting the trophy for Male Movie Star Of 2019 for Avengers: Endgame at the People’s Choice Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday. His acceptance speech which was short and sweet heaped praises on the man who co-created Iron Man/Tony Stark and many other Marvel superheroes. “Well look, I just got to come up here and open the show so I’ll just say thank you, Disney, thank you, Marvel, thank you Russo brothers,” he said. “And most of all, to the late, great Stan Lee, this is for you, buddy.” Stan Lee who passed away in Los Angeles last November at the age of 95. Following the news of his death, Downey Jr took to Instagram to pay tribute to the comic book legend who co-created some of the most legendary superheroes that have endeared fans since Marvel was launched in 1961, Dailymail said. Professor charged with murder after lover’s severed… I didn’t have sex with my wife for 37 years ― Iranian… Bolivian President Evo Morales resigns amid election… Hong Kong protests: Two ‘critical’ as violent… ALSO READ: “Captain Marvel” becomes the first movie to gross $1bn worldwide in 2019(Opens in a new browser tab) Along with other Marvel collaborators, in particular, Steve Ditko and Jack Kirby, Lee created enduring comic book characters like Spider-Man, Thor, the Hulk, Black Widow, Black Panther, Ant-Man, the Fantastic Four, Daredevil, Doctor Strange and Scarlet Witch. Even after retiring from Marvel in the 1990s, the New York City native remained the public face of the company by making cameo appearances in films and televisions show based on Marvel characters. Lee was inducted into the comic book industry’s Will Eisner Hall Of Fame in 1994 and the Jack Kirby Hall Of Fame in 1995. He also was honored with the NEA’s National Medal Of Arts in 2008, which is awarded by the President Of The United States. This was Robert Downey Jr’s sixth People’s Choice Award win since his first nomination for Iron Man back in 2009. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!