THE Nigerian Nuclear Regulatory Authority has charged radiation safety officers in oil and gas industry in the country to always oblige with the international standard of acquisition and using radiation equipment such as well-calibrated dosimeters and survey meters to ensure safety and protection of lives and property in the country. This was disclosed by the Acting Director-General, Nigerian Nuclear Regulatory Authority, Dr Idris Yau while declaring open the 10th national training course for radiation safety officers in oil and gas industry, organized by the National Institute of Radiation Protection and Research, Nigerian Nuclear Regulatory Authority (NNRA) in collaboration with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), held at the Otunba Subomi Balogun conference centre, University of Ibadan, on Monday. The five days training course for radiation officers in the oil and gas industry, according to Yau, who was represented by the Acting General Manager, Department of Authorisation and Enforcement, Nigerian Nuclear Regulatory Authority (NNRA), Alhaji Adamu Hussaini, had over 100 participant in attendance who are expected to be certified at the end of the training. Also, present on the occasion is the acting Head, National Institute of Radiation Protection and Research (NIRPR), Ibadan, Dr Oyeyemi Samuel and other officers of the agency involved. ALSO READ: Nigeria needs good policy to drive investment — ExxonMobil MD According to Yau, “the specialized training to be given for the benefit of those radiation workers in the industrial application of ionizing radiation with interest in serving as radiation safety officers in their respective practices and facilities. “It is an obligation for any facility using ionizing radiation to have among its radiation protection equipment well-calibrated dosimeters and survey meters. All such instruments used in dose measurements anywhere in Nigeria including the ones you will be using in your various departments must be standardized against the Secondary Standards available in the laboratory. The laboratory has traceability to International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) primary standard laboratory, where ionization chamber is also calibrated.” In an interview, Hussaini further informed that the sensitivity of radioactive substances and devices emitting ionizing radiation and the need to ensure the protection of lives, properties and environment from the harmful effect of ionizing radiation coupled with the safety of the radiation officers in line with international safety standard made the agency organize the training. He added that during the training, the participants are expected to brush their knowledge on the advancement of radiation protection in the industrial application of ionizing radiation. The Nigerian Nuclear Regulatory Authority (NNRA) was established in 2001 by the Nuclear Safety and Radiation Protection Act 19 of 1995. The Authority is charged with the responsibility of Nuclear Safety and Radiological regulation in Nigeria with core functions.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!