The Nigeria Governor’s Forum has denied the report that the Ekiti state governor and Chairman of the Forum of 36 states governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi was denied visa application to the United States of America. An online platform, 247Ureport,  in its report had alleged that the Ekiti state governor was denied entry visa by the United States Embassy in Nigeria on Friday, fuelling speculation that the United States was already walking its talks to restrict key officials of government for their alleged role in the last general elections. The United States had last July threatened to impose visa restrictions on Nigerians it said were involved in trying to undermine democracy in presidential and parliamentary elections this year. The U.S. State Department, however, did not name the individuals or say how many were affected by the visa restrictions. The statement attributed to spokeswoman Morgan Ortagus said the US was determined to axe individuals who tried to undermine the electoral process last March. “These individuals have operated with impunity at the expense of the Nigerian people and undermined democratic principles and human rights, ” Ortagus was quoted to have said. But the NGF in a statement last night signed by Abdulrazaque Bello Barkindo Head Media and Public Affairs said Dr Fayemi whom it noted just returned from the United States where he attended the United Nation’s General Assembly could not have been denied entry to the United States. ALSO READ: Buhari celebrates Mamman Daura at 80 Buhari mourns Falomo, late Abiola’s doctor Buhari celebrates Mamman Daura at 80 University don kicks against posting of non-education Corps… Kogi govt seeks FG’s urgent intervention on flood… The statement claimed the Ekiti state governor “retrieved his passport because of a crucial speaking engagement at the AfDB Africa Investment Forum in South Africa on Monday, 11th November 2019.” The statement further read in part: “The Nigeria Governors’ Forum wishes to correct the mischievous report of 247Ureport on the United States’ visa application of its Chairman and Governor of Ekiti State, Dr John Kayode Fayemi. “Governor Fayemi, like every other Nigerian citizen intending to visit the US, applied for a visa, attended his interview and was requested to pay the statutory visa acceptance fee by the US Consulate. “The Governor’s visa application was not denied. “Anyone conversant with US Visa application procedure knows that applicants are now routinely taken through administrative processing before visas are issued. “When the American Embassy indicated that the visa may not be ready by Friday, 8th November, Dr Fayemi retrieved his passport because of a crucial speaking engagement at the AfDB Africa Investment Forum in South Africa on Monday, 11th November 2019. “It is imperative to mention here that the NGF Chairman, Dr John Kayode Fayemi, only just returned from the United States where he attended the United Nation’s General Assembly where the NGF organized a high-level side meeting on the 27th of September 2019. “It is also important, at this juncture, to caution journalists on the rush to print, as blatant mischief, laden with glaring untruths as contained in the 247Ureports narrative, can drag the journalism profession to disrepute. Knowing Dr Fayemi, it is virtually impossible to associate him with the uncouth behaviour that 247Ureports dramatized. “Meanwhile, the trip to the United States is at the instance of the Dangote Foundation in concert with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and it is on course.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.