AT least seven governors elected on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the party’s national chairman, Uche Secondus, and other party leaders on Wednesday stormed Yenagoa, the Bayelsa State capital and demanded a transparent governorship election in the state. Secondus said the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and the security agencies to be deployed for the election should be professional enough and not be used to subvert the wish of the people of the state. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the state governor, Mr Fidelis Soriwei, stated that the PDP leaders spoke while addressing the gubernatorial mega rally of the party in Yenagoa. Governors at the event were the host governor, Honourable Seriake Dickson, Dr Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta, Emeka Ihedioha, Imo; Aminu Tambuwal, Sokoto; Seyi Makinde, Oyo, while the governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi, was represented by his deputy, Dr Kelechi Igwe and Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi, who is also the chairman of the party’s national campaign council. ALSO READ: Bayelsa poll: 39 political parties suspend IPAC chairman for allegedly accepting Dickson’s appointment World Bank, AFDB and others should begin to look at human… OML 11: Wike assures protection of interest of host… Military hands over 86 Boko Haram members to Borno govt for… Resident doctors issue 21-day strike notice to Kaduna govt The PDP chairman said the Federal Government should not allow a repeat of what happened in Rivers State during the last general election. Secondus took a swipe at the All Progressives Congress (APC), which he said had damaged the country and inflicted hardship on the people since it took over political control at the centre since 2015. Bayelsa State Governor, Honourable Dickson, said the PDP was the only platform that had given Bayelsa and the Ijaw nation a voice and brought a lot of fortunes to the people. He, therefore, urged all eligible voters to turn out en masse and vote the party’s governorship candidate to ensure continuity of the good works started by his administration. The candidate, Senator Douye Diri, said he would prioritise the completion of the roads in the three senatorial districts, Agge Deep Seaport and Brass National Liquefied Natural Gas project when elected into office, through a partnership with multi-national oil companies operating in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.