Alhaji Abdulrahman Maigoro, the Chairman of the Keffi Local Government council of Nasarawa State, has advised parents to give adequate attention to the education of their children in the interest of their future. Maigoro made the call, on Monday, in Keffi, while playing host to elders from the Goriya ward within the council area. Maigoro, who stressed the importance of education to societal growth and development, urged parents to make their children’s education topmost priority. “I thank you for the visit and I want to assure you of my readiness to embark on good policies and projects that will have a direct bearing on the lives of the people of this area and the state at large. “Since assumption in office, I have invested so much in the education sector by providing uniforms to pupils and paying WAEC, among others. ALSO READ: LAUTECH lecturers suspend academic activities over unpaid salaries Oyo on my mind Implementing inclusive education in Nigeria Still on the tax net Western Digital addresses storage need for video, AI… “This is to reduce the burden on the parents and improve the standard of education, considering the importance of the sector societal development. “It is in view of this that I want to call on you and other Nigerians to give adequate attention to the education of your children for the progress and development of the society,” he said. Maigoro solicited for the continued support and prayers from all and sundry to enable him to succeed in office. He also called on the people of the area and Nigerians to support government at all levels in order to enjoy more dividends of democracy. Earlier, Mr Alhaji Garba, the Chairman of the forum, said that the visit was to reassure the chairman of their loyalty and pledge their support to his administration. He called on the people of the area to continue to support the chairman to enable him to succeed in the task of taking the council to greater heights. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!