Having read of a late Adeniran who was a corps member in Oyo state, I drew some conclusions to the theme of this article out of emotions. He could have passed out with his colleagues in October 2019. Unfortunately, just yesterday, his family was paid 1.9 Million naira by the Oyo state chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), to compensate for the loss of Adeniran’s life during the February electoral process in the state. That was the life insurance policy by INEC and government for a person’s life lost while serving the ‘government-father land.’ The recently conducted Kogi election was popular for its violence, the most violent of its kind in the state as reported. Another corp member was said to have been murdered and the Peoples Democratic Party Woman leader burnt to death too, these are amidst several other casualties reported on daily basis across the country. The death of the woman leader made more news than the corp member’s death, like we know; this is a country of two types of citizens. We have seen the most conservative citizens fall victims of stray bullets and street violence, and they die in the cause. We have seen people who fear to come out in demonstration against insecurity being murdered, raped and robbed in their own abodes. We have seen the rule of law being raped in case you ever trusted your justice to be served in the courts. We have seen police paying ransom to kidnappers to regain their freedom; this is also in case you ever rely on the state security for your safety. We have seen judges being kidnapped, including doctors, pastors and lecturers, so you do not think in Nigeria cannot happen to you, irrespective of your profession or caliber. Even the rich are not totally spared. Abideen Olasupo: Unlocking clean energy for Africans We’ll soon witness lots of M&As in the nation’s… FoodCo unfolds 37th anniversary plans Excitements, as Power Oil Walkhearton 4.0 ends in Rivers If we must be safe and comfortable; be alive and be a free people, everything we want is on the other side of fear. At the mercies of the Nigerian infrastructures and governance, everyone is a walking corpse, we are more dead than alive.  Gbenga Oloniniran, gbengaoloniniran@gmail.com SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!