A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Anambra State, Chief Johnbosco Onunkwo, has described the victory of Alhaji Yahaya Bello and Mr David Lyon of the APC in the just concluded gubernatorial election in Kogi and Bayelsa state respectively as a victory for Democracy in Nigeria. Engr Onunkwo, in a statement issued to Tribune Online in Awka, on Monday, congratulated particularly, Mr Lyon, an associate, who polled a total of 352,552 to emerge victorious in the Saturday polls. He maintained that the result of the election reflected the choice of the people. While commending the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for their credibility and transparency, the former Governorship aspirant expressed gratitude to Bayelsans for reposing great trust in the APC. Oyo on my mind Implementing inclusive education in Nigeria Still on the tax net Western Digital addresses storage need for video, AI… ALSO READ: #KogiDecides2019: Bello leads in 15 LGs, Wada kicks Engr Onunkwo said, “His Victory is a victory for Democracy and for the youths. This is a man who doesn’t feed on Government contracts and has always used his wealth to empower the people, adding values to their lives. He is at home with the masses. Why won’t he win?” “Mr Lyon is a friend and also a major stakeholder in the Oil and Gas sector; my prayers are with him for God to grant him the grace to implement his ideas and transform Bayelsa State to an enviable one.” On what the victory and that in Kogi State portend of the APC in Anambra State, Engr Onunkwo expressed optimism that with the right and popular candidate who have devoted much towards the uplift of the masses, the party stands greater chances in clinching victory in the state, come 2021. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!