The christening of the newborn child of the popular cleric, Pastor Israel Oladele Ogundipe, of the Celestial Church of Christ, Genesis Global Parish, Lagos State, which many had anticipated to be a carnival-like event turned out to be otherwise as dignitaries, members of the church and well-wishers that attended the event were only fed with fruits of all sorts. This development, according to the cleric-turned-philanthropist, was as a result of the directive from God not to entertain anyone with any food whatsoever. Instead should provide fruits of all kinds for everyone that graced the occasion. The event held today at the cleric’s church auditorium was attended by dignitaries from all walks of life, clerics from various denominations, top government functionaries, captains of industry, celebrities, families and well-wishers. Expert urges daily intake of fruits to reduce chronic… Eating mixed fruits and death Ramadan: Price of fruits stable in Lagos Why bitter leaf, ginger soothe menstrual pain Genesis, as he is fondly called by many, said: “I am very sensitive when God speaks with me and I will not allow any temptation to distract me from disobeying God. The Holy Spirit instructed me not to throw a lavish party that might call for the need to make arrangement of foods to entertain people as part of the celebration of the newborn child. That I should only feed people who have come to celebrate with us with fruits, so, that their lives shall be fruitful. ALSO READ: Correctional Service Act will help in decongesting prisons ― Malami “Personally, I also gave a deep taught on the revelation, which made me have a reflection that I have only enjoyed grace from God compared to others that don’t have such privilege. It is not a special thing to celebrate at the expense of those that are in need. I will prefer to divert the fund that could be expended on a lavish party for the needy or the work of God. I have a lot of people that can even sponsor the occasion but informed not to bother as a result of the divine directive. God works in different ways, the elder child’s christening was a societal event; we killed eight cows, but this is how God wanted the younger one to be and it was marvellous in my sight,” he added. The cleric, who could not hide his joy over the new gift, expressed his gratitude to God; thanked his wife and mother and everyone that came to celebrate with the family for the new bundle of joy, just as he named the child Esther, Omowonuola Ogundipe. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!