The Association of Primary School Head Teachers of Nigeria (AOPSHON), Enugu state Wing, has called for the extension of teachers retirement age in the state from 60 years to 65 years. The association’s Chairman, Mr Chilotanwa Okoli, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Enugu on Friday that the state government should also review the teachers service duration to 40 years. According to him, the teachers service duration and retirement age should be at par with lecturers in the universities. He said: “We all know that the experiences and competencies of teachers increase with years of service and age. “Therefore, increase in the number of years will be of immense benefit to our school children.’’ Okoli also called for the elevation of the position of Principal or Head Teachers General (HTG) in the state to Grade Level 17. ALSO READ: Hate speech bill draconian, encourages dictatorship — Tambuwal Buhari to lay foundation stone for transport varsity in… Nigeria, Iran to establish bi-national commission We will go after attackers of FC Ifeanyi Ubah ― Kogi govt A/Court verdict: Useni should step aside for daughter ―… He contended that some states had started promoting their teachers to the highest grade level, saying that Enugu state should follow suit. He requested for the appointment of more teachers as special assistants, personal assistants, executive assistants and permanent secretaries in the state. “This will evidently avail the state government the opportunity to tap from their rich experiences of our teachers,’’ he said. The association’s chairman commended the government for paying 13th month of basic salaries to civil servants in the state in 2017 and 2018. “On behalf of headteachers, I hereby plead that this magnanimity be extended to the teachers in the primary school. “There is no doubt that the gesture will boost their morale and increase their productivity,’’ Okoli said. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!