THE People’s Democratic Party, (PDP), boycotted the observation of the distribution of electoral material by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC in Lokoja Kogi State. The Chairman Inter-Party Advisory Council ,Ilyas Badenga disclosed this on Thursday while speaking on the sideline of a stakeholders meeting where 16 political parties declared their support for APC candidate, Senator Smart Adeyemi. Mr. Badenga however said that the boycott would not stop the council from giving their support for Adeyemi who they regard as the best among the candidates jostling for the job. Badenga said Senator Adeyemi while at the senate had proved to be more trustworthy and reliable than other candidates jostling for the job. ALSO READ: Benin-Auchi-Okene road: Will motorists ever know respite? APC crisis: South-South leaders rally support for Oshiomhole APC, PDP set up transition committee, as Dickson hands over… Kogi supplementary poll: Corps members may boycott exercise Gov Bello launches maternal, neonatal, tetanus eradication… “We have viewed and accessed the capability of Senator Adeyemi who had served the zone for two terms and we have come to the conclusion that he is the best and we have decided to queue behind him.” Speaking at the endorsement meeting, Senator Smart Adeyemi said he was in politics to offers service to humanity and not avenue for self-enrichment. He said, “My mission in politics is to empower the people towards self-reliance, and I promised not to disappoint all the parties that dropped their ambition to support me”. Also speaking at the occasion, State chairman of All Progressive Congress, APC, Abdulahi Bello said that PDP’s boycott of electoral material distribution had no effect on the election, saying that the party had seen the handwriting of defeat on the wall. “They know that they have no chance and that is why they are developing various antics, that would not stand the test of time”, Bello noted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!