IBADAN, the Oyo State capital, will this weekend play host to the largest gathering of Muslim graduates of the Moshood Abiola Polytechnic (Mapoly) Abeokuta as the Moshood Abiola Polytechnic Abeokuta Muslim Alumni (MAPAMA) holds its national convention. The two-day event is scheduled for tomorrow and Sunday at the Bodija Estate Islamic Centre, Bodija. The theme of the convention is ‘Economic Security as a Solution to National Insecurity’. The event, which is expected to attract dignitaries from all walks of life, has the Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Olamilekan Adegbite as chairman and the immediate past governor of Ogun State and the current senator for Ogun Central district, Ibikunle Amosun, a member of MAPAMA, as the special guest of honour. The chairman of the Board of Trustees of MAPAMA, Alhaji Waheed Kadiri, will be the chief host at the event expected to by graced by the rector of Mapoly, Dr Samson Odedina; president, Moshood Abiola Polytechnic Abeokuta Alumni Association (MAPALUM), Alhaji H. O. Ayoade and the chairman of Mapoly Muslim Community, Alhaji Olalekan Oseni. Brigadier-General Muhammed Ibn Umar Adeka (retd) and Dr Abideen Olaiya of the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta (FUNAAB) will X-ray the theme as the association seeks to arrive at a fine blend of solutions for personal and national security. Other dignitaries, distinguished members and stakeholders, including Head, Media and Public Relations, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Alhaji Abdur-Rahman Balogun; rector, The Polytechnic, Ibadan, Professor Kazeem Adebiyi and the chairman of the Muslim Community of Oyo State, Alhaji Kunle Sanni, are also expected at the event. Senator Ubah calls for sustainable peace in Anambra… Support Nigeria culture, tradition to promote peace ―… Why Nigerians should no longer travel abroad for orthopaedic… IYC urges Lyon to include opposition in his govt In a statement, the president of MAPAMA, Alhaji Taofik Salako, described the national convention as a festival of brotherly love and a melting pot of ideas with members across various disciplines and generations exchanging ideas on personal and national growth and development. He noted that the theme was carefully chosen for its national importance and personal benefit, adding that the convention would provide meaningful insights that should lead to greater fulfillment for participants, the association and Nigeria as a whole. National Public Relations Officer, MAPAMA, Mr Abdul Wasiu Oyeniyi, said many activities had been lined up to make the convention a worthy reunion for the Muslim graduates. He pointed out that in nearly two decades of its formal existence, MAPAMA had grown to become one of the most active alumni associations in Nigeria, providing a united forum to sustain mutual friendship, welfare and economic empowerment of members and champion the development of the alma mater. “MAPAMA is a preeminent body with large membership of men and women who have proven their mettles in all walks of life across the globe. The national convention is akin to a general meeting and it brings together all members to discuss topical national issues within the perspective of organisational and individual benefits,” Oyeniyi said. The chairman of the Local Organising Committee and Head of Department of Mass Communication, The Polytechnic, Ibadan, Mr Najimdeen Adunola, said, “The hosting of the national convention is rotated across the state chapters. It is the turn of Oyo State to host now and we have put in place all arrangements to make it the most impressive convention ever.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!