A hospitality company with headquarters in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), TIME Hotels is celebrating after adding three new awards to its growing list of accolades at the World Luxury Hotel Awards 2019 held in Rovaniemi, Finnish Lapland. Three of TIME Hotels’ properties were recognised for their excellence within the luxury hotel segment of the market, with TIME Nozha Beach Aqua Park Hotel & Resort awarded Luxury Family Beach Resort, TIME Dammam named Luxury Contemporary Service Apartments and TIME Express taking home the Luxury Contemporary Hotel Award. The chief executive officer, Mohamed Awadalla said “Winning these coveted awards is not only another successful step in our mission to continue developing TIME Hotels as a major player within the international hospitality industry, but also a recognition of our sustained commitment to excellence. “Over the years we have built our success on delivering international standards of service through our friendly and dedicated teams, supported by signature warm and welcoming Arabian hospitality and a unique collection of market-relevant properties.” Established in 2006, the World Luxury Hotel Awards are the pinnacle of achievement in the luxury hotel industry, recognising global, continent, regional and country luxury accommodation across over 100 different categories. NCPC takes mandate to next level through innovation When Ibadan Museum of Unity took antiquity preservation… FG pledges full support for AFRIMA as Nigeria hosts 2019… Lagos gov’s wife drums up support for Yoruba films festival 72 per cent pass October 2019 TRCN qualifying exam as Lagos, Enugu, Kano top list Judged by guests, travellers and industry players alike through an online public vote, the accolade reflects the hard work and dedication exhibited by TIME Hotels’ exceptional staff and its unparalleled service offering. “We are incredibly proud of all of our achievements this year and I’d like to take this opportunity to thank our exemplary staff in every department who uphold the brand values of TIME Hotels, as well as our guests who have helped make 2019 such a success for TIME Hotels,” Awadalla. Also, the marketing director, Michael Hunter-Smith, said, “We congratulate this year’s winners. True luxury is not easily attained. It takes highly efficient and dedicated staff that are willing to go the extra mile to ensure that every guest feels cared for and no challenge goes unresolved. This is the definition of luxury. It is what makes the winners shine.” Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.