The police in Lokoja, on Wednesday, said five students and not 13, as earlier reported, were killed at the Kogi State University, Ayingba. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP William Aya, made the clarification in Lokoja, the state capital, on Wednesday. Aya, in a statement, listed the casualties to include Justice Keke, a 300-level student of the department of physics, who was killed on the campus after a theatre production on November 1. He also said that a yet-to-be-identified body was found in an uncompleted building behind the university on November 2. ALSO READ: 2 died as police rescue kidnapped victim in Oyo NSCDC arrests man for attempting to sell son for N5m in… Pirates unleashing terror on Bonny, Okrika, Ogoni waterways… Police deny robbery attack in Akobo communities Pastor remanded for allegedly defiling neighbour’s daughters The police spokesman said that Andrulraman Usman, a 200-level student of the department of history was killed at his father’s lodge on November 3. “On November 3, two bodies, identified as that of Olaruntoba Godwin, a 400-level student of the department of geography and planning and Ajileye Richard, a 200-level student of Accounting, were seen inside the bush behind Harbor Bay Hotel. “These give a total of five persons killed and not 13 as reported by a section of the media,” Aya said. He said that the state Commissioner of Police, Mr Akeem Busari, had urged the citizens to disregard the misleading reports and be focused on how to ensure lasting peace. Busari also assured people of the police’s readiness to provide a secure environment for all eligible voters to exercise their franchise without fear of intimidation and molestation during the November 16 governorship election. He also promised that the police would deal decisively with any political thug or hoodlum who might want to disrupt the electoral process. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.