The Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Mines and Steel Development, Dr Abdulkadir Mu’azu has said that the Federal Government was ready to partner states and other relevant stakeholders in the mining and metal sector to develop the country’s economy. This was contained in a statement issued and signed by Mrs Idowu Jokpeyibo on behalf of the director of press, and made available to newsmen in Abuja, on Friday. He said there is a need for state governments, in particular, to abide by the Constitution and the Mining Act, saying mining is in the exclusive list. ALSO READ: ICPC seizes 44 properties worth N14.7b from 32 companies The permanent secretary emphasised the need for states and the Federal Government to work together as partners to stimulate and promote the growth of the sector for the benefits of all. He sought for collaboration with states and key government agencies to address the issue of mining securities and how to safeguard the environment. ICPC seizes 44 properties worth N14.7b from 32 companies Gombe SSG congratulates new Gombe State Students Association… NDLEA arrests 24 suspected drug dealers in Anambra Group wants Buhari to free El-Zakzaky, Sambo Dasuki, Sowore “We have to focus on the environment and discuss how the various governments can contribute to providing infrastructure for the country’s economic development.” He said. Dr Mu’azu said mining stakeholders had spoken so much about potentials in the mining sector, saying that it was time they began to walk the talk. “It is time to change the narrative and go into action, begin to walk the talk, we all have to come together, this country need to diversify and the mining and solid mineral sector holds the potential for diversification,” he said. He added that the Federal Government was relying on the solid mineral sector to diversify the country’s economy and to improve the living standard of Nigerians because of its potentials. Mu’azu noted that many countries including South Africa and Australia depended on mining to develop their economies, adding that Nigeria could do The statement said the permanent Secretary made this known in his opening remarks in Ado-Ekiti at the 3rd National Council on Mining and Mineral Resources Development (NCMMRD) meeting. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.