Youths in Ogun State have asked critics in the state to stop distracting Governor Dapo Abiodun and his administration in the bid to provide democratic dividends to the people of the state. This is coming on the heels of a series of comments criticising the governor for failing to appoint commissioners while alleging that the administration is yet to move things around six months after the inauguration. Nigerian Tribune recalls that Abiodun was sworn-in on May 29th as the fifth democratically elected governor of the state. He took over the reins of power from Senator Ibikunle Amosun. Nigerian Tribune also recalls that Abiodun’s victory is being challenged by candidate of the Allied People’s Movement (APM), Adekunle Akinlade. But the youth under the aegis of All Progressive Congress Youth League (APCYL), Ogun State chapter, stated that Abiodun needs to be allowed to focus on state matters rather than being distracted by dissenting comments in the media. The group applauded the efforts of the state government under the leadership of Abiodun in the last six months despite the lingering court case, adding that it has made tremendous efforts in changing the state. ALSO READ: Many feared killed as herdsmen ravage Adamawa A news release issued by the group’s coordinator, Olamide Lawal and made available to Saturday Tribune claimed that Abiodun is on course since it takes a minimum of a year and a half for every new government to settle down to work. We will go after attackers of FC Ifeanyi Ubah ― Kogi govt Seven Ekiti LG chairmen dump PDP for APC Kogi supplementary election: CDD deploys observers, tasks… Plateau Speaker congratulates Lalong on Appeal Court victory The group also commended the governor for his determination to digitalise the state by establishing a tech hub which has become a toast of investors. “Governor Abiodun, irrespective of the several distractions by the opposition in forms of litigations and social media attacks, swung into action and had made impacts in virtually all sectors of the state economy. “The education sector is gradually regaining its lost glories due to friendly policies of the present government. The governor has made education free for our pupils in both primary and secondary schools and the infrastructural decay in the sector is being addressed aggressively with the ongoing renovation of 236 schools across all the wards in the state; promotion of over 10,000 teachers; training and retraining of the teachers among others. “The health sector which was neglected for eight years is being revamped to become a reason for other states to envy. Modern equipment have been purchased within this short period and hospital buildings are undergoing a massive renovation. “Agriculture and other sectors, are beginning to put the Gateway State on the world map for genuine investors (local and foreign). “We hereby humbly advise that the governor should look away from distractors and continue with his giant steps towards collectively building the state. “If Mr Governor can key into the above advice, even generations yet unborn would remain grateful to him for making Ogun State the new Center of Excellence. “The league wishes to state without any equivocation that the achievements of the governor since assumption of office on 29th of May this year, were unprecedented,” Lawal said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!