Relevant authorities in the country have been charged to do the needful by way of encouraging people irrespective of ethno-religious differences to maintain peaceful coexistence for societal development. The charge was given by an NGO, Society for Peace Studies and Practice through a member of the Board of Trustees, Prof. Suleiman Elias Bogoro who is the Executive Secretary of TETFUND at the opening ceremony of the 13th Annual International Conference and General Assembly of the Society, with the theme ‘Managing Rural and Urban Violence in Nigeria’, held at Redeemers University, Ede, Osun State. According to a press release by the Vice President, North of the Society, Suleiman Bogoro who was represented by Prof. Isaac Adewale Albert at the occasion decried the increase of both physical and domestic violence amongst people, adding that, government at all levels should give the desired attention to this course. ALSO READ: Ekiti govt procures multi-million naira trucks to solve indiscriminate waste disposal Don’t blame Buhari for your predicament, Oshiomhole… Ekiti govt procures multi-million naira trucks to solve… FG woos cooperative societies to provide mass housing,… Christ Embassy donates back-to-school kits to 100 pupils in… The BOT member informed the gathering that the Society for Peace Studies and Practice is at the moment engaging important personalities, academics and other stakeholders with the view of complimenting government efforts of ensuring peaceful and free society devoid of violence. Also speaking, the National President of the Society, Dr Nathaniel Danjibo, who traced the history of the Society said, so far a lot has been achieved by the Society in addressing various rural and urban violence in Nigeria. In his remarks, National Vice President North, of the Society, Comrade Abdullahi Yelwa maintained that urban and rural violence has been a source of concern to any serious-minded government hence, the need for government to act quickly as it brings so many setbacks to the nation. Abdullahi Yelwa reaffirmed the resolve of the Society to continue to expand its activities, especially in the North in order to address the violence of any kind head-on so as to provide a serene environment for Peace and tranquillity to strive. The highlight of the event includes investiture as well as induction of new members into the fold of the Society including, Nazif Abba Pali of the Mass Communication Department, Abubakar Tatari Ali Polytechnic Bauchi. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.