The Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) has decried the growing level of crime in the country, saying that it has convicted over 90 persons in the Southeast geopolitical zone between January and November this year for alleged involvement in fraud and other anti-social vices. The Southeast Zonal Commander, Usman Imam, made this known to newsmen on Monday in Enugu at the 16th Anti-corruption Situation Room (ACSR) workshop organised by Human and Environmental Development Agenda (HEDA). Imam called on parents, guardians and members of the public to partner with the anti-graft agencies in fighting against corruption, adding that parents have roles to play over their children. He frowned at the rate of youths who are the future of tomorrow are being prosecuted over various crimes, adding campaigning against corruption should be intensified. “Between January and now the EFCC has successfully prosecuted over 90 persons and those people are involved in financial crime. “There are high profile cases going on in the zone. The case of immediately past government in Imo state and the case is in progress. Very soon some arrest and conviction of some public officers will take place and they will make it in court. ALSO READ: Makinde flags off re-awarded Moniya-Iseyin road Catholic priest, Rev. Fr. Theophilus Ndulue, abducted in… Obi of Onitsha calls for establishment of Creative Arts… We are supporting security agencies to end crime in Ekiti ―… Bullion vans: APC youths kick against call for EFCC’s… “Imo state definitely has recorded most of the highest number of those arrested as cybercrime is at a high rate in Imo state. Out of every 5 youths, 3 or 4 is likely to be involved in cybercrime. The current raiding in the South-East, Imo recorded the highest number. “We can’t continue to arrest and convict our youths like this any more, we are going to find other ways for a massive campaign to educate our youths. “I am calling on the parents, civil liberty organisation, CSO, and citizens to join hand in fighting against corruption because we can’t do it all alone,” he said Earlier in a welcome address by the chairman of HEDA, Mr Suraj Olanrewaju called on the citizens to take ownership of the fight against corruption in the country. Olanrewaju expressed sadness that the leaders have diverted what was meant for the poor people to their own pocket, saying that until ”we join the fight to say no to corruption, it won’t stop”. He disclosed that the organisation found it worthy to step down the fight against corruption to grassroots and families who suffer mostly to make sure that the government do it right. “It is about getting government intervention programmes to the benefit of the people for which they are designed. It is not where we allow for consistent diversion of those benefits. It’s all about getting people to take the issue of corruption more seriously,” he said. The workshop was attended by officials from  the EFCC, ICPC, NOA, CSO’s, media organisation and other stakeholders SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!