The Association of Nigerian Women Business Network (ANWBN) a coalition of 28 Women’s organisation had its National Conference and Annual General Meeting ( AGM) in Lagos on Thursday, 31st October 2019. The colourful ceremony was attended by representative of Her Excellency , the First lady of Lagos state, Dr Ibijoke Sanwo- Olu, Country Director UN Women, Comfort Lamptey, Country Director, CIPE, Mrs Omowunmi Gbadamosi, Iyalode Alaba Lawson and Amanda Cole, Representative of the International Organisation for Migration. The event began with the Welcome Address by ANWBN’s National Coordinator, Chief Mrs Anita Nana Okuribido who thanked the guests ,speakers and delegates for a successful event. “ I  must say that the year has been eventful. We kicked off with the Nationwide Walk to mark International Women’s Day (IWD) and the presentation of Our Seven Point Agenda to Government and other stakeholders. We also had a number of collaboration’s that has impacted on individual organisations and collectively. FG lists conditions for reopening of borders This includes SheTrades, UN Women, NEPC, IOM, FCMB,Access bank ,COWLSO and DFID’s project on the transformation of Women Agroprenuers in South West Nigeria. 1500 women to attend WIMBIZ 2019 annual conference BPW Nigeria hosts 2019  convention in Abuja Be humble with your success to keep your home —Dr Bolanle… How to overcome body shaming! Our Membership Sensitization Forum which took place at Raddison hotel,Lagos was quite memorable and the first since the inception of our Great Network.” I strongly believe that our contributions would go a long way to transform the business environment for women and take ANWBN to greater heights. A panel session X-ray the many challenges affecting women in the sector, identified how to make things better and seek new opportunities for female entrepreneurs. Members of the session which was moderated by Foluke Ademokun include Ezekiel Solesi,a serial entrepreneur, Mope Abudu, Managing director, Knights and Bishop and Olugbenga Awe, the Divisional Head, Agric Finance of Heritage bank PLC. The conference was preceded by a two days workshop facilitated by Carmen Stanila , a senior consultant with CIPE, Washington DC.Some of the topics discussed include Networks best practices, Sustainability, Communication and Social Media engagement, Overview of the Women’s National Business Agenda process as well as updates of NAWORG’s Advocacy on Access to Finance. A three day exhibition of Proudly Made in Nigeria products went on simultaneously.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.