The Nasiru Haladu Danu (NHD) Medical Mission Foundation kicked off its free medical mission in Dutse, the Jigawa State capital. The three-day exercise which began with a Gala Night at the Dutse residence of the founder of the foundation, Alhaji Nasiru Haladu Danu, witnessed a large turnout of dignitaries from within and outside Jigawa State. Some of the dignitaries present at the gala night include, the state governor represented by the Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Abdulkadir Fanini Adamu, Chief of Army Staff who was represented by the Brigade Commander, 3 Brigade, Brigadier General B. A. Alabi, Chairman Dutse Local Government Area, Turaki Dutse, a Prince from the Niger Delta region, Prince Tonye Princewill and well-wishers from far and wide. Top entertainers from the Northern community serenaded the guests with musical masterpieces and gave the launch an atmosphere unrivalled. Some of the entertainers present include Almauzu and Alan Waka. The main exercise commenced on Saturday, the 9th of November with the arrival of the NHD Medical Team in Dutse, accompanied by their partners from the United States of America. Together, the teams are to offer free medical care to an initial 5,000 beneficiaries, comprising of men, women, boys and girls, who were randomly selected from all the communities in the Dutse Emirate, while future intervention will also include education and skills acquisition. The Emir of Dutse, Alhaji (Dr) Muhammed Nuhu Sanusi, was on ground to witness the commencement of the exercise. He carefully visited all the treatment points and watched closely as his people received medical attention from the American specialists. ALSO READ: Sanwo-Olu’s wife warns Lagosians against NGO plan to remove mentally challenged from streets He also presented an Award of Excellence to the Dan Amana Dutse, Alhaji Nasiru; in appreciation of the kind gesture, the Dutse people were witnessing. Buhari meets Welby, Archbishop of Canterbury, in London Cooperate with govt on delivery of development goals, NSE… Makinde calls for religious harmony, tolerance as Muslims… Border closure should last for more than 2 years ― Hon… In his remarks the founder of the foundation, Alhaji Nasiru said: “We are here again in Jigawa today because of the vision we have for our people. “With the aid of our partners and the Jigawa State Ministry of Health, the NHD Medical Mission is here to create a platform where my brothers and sisters in Dutse can get free medical attention and support. “We are also here because it is evident that in spite of the laudable efforts of the government our people still need our help, support and assistance. “We have decided to pick up the challenge and help in whatever way we can, especially in the healthcare and educational sectors. This is a vision we must achieve together. Government can not do it alone. Neither can I. We all have to join in. “Some of us have big ambitions and big dreams; while some just dream of making it through the day. But in all this, one hope we all share is to live a healthy life. This is why we have decided to better organize our outreach and build awareness. “I am calling on all Nigerians to replicate this in their various communities. Together we can achieve the long-awaited dream; “HEALTH FOR ALL. If I can do something, you can do something, anybody can do something.” Also, earlier in the day, the Foundation, in a bid to maintain the resounding peace in Jigawa State, donated four vehicles to the SSS and seven utility vehicles to the state police command. The police vehicles were received by the Assistant Inspector-General of Police in charge of the Zone. The AIG on behalf of the Inspector-General of Police thanked the foundation for the donation and resounded the Police command’s commitment to securing lives and property of all Nigerians. He thanked the men and women of Jigawa for the co-operation they had given the police and assured Alhaji Danu that the vehicles will be put to the use they were designed for. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.