The governor of Ekiti state, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has described Wednesday’s ruling of the Court of Appeal that nullified the election of  Senator representing Ekiti South, Prince Dayo Adeyeye as painful, saying it was part one of the sacrifices needed for nation-building. Fayemi in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode, on Thursday urged Adeyeye to remain calm despite what he described disturbing judicial pronouncement, saying that the ruling, “though shocking and unexpected, is not the end of his political career nor his public service”. He described the former Senate spokesman as a dogged fighter and a politician of repute who is loved by his people, adding that he would bounce back and play more significant roles in the nation’s politics. “As we continue to deepen our democratic culture, we cannot but witness occasional setbacks of this nature. It is part of the sacrifice for our nation-building. “We must accept the decision of the appellate court- which is the final arbiter in this particular election petition, with equanimity, though painfully. “The court’s ruling, notwithstanding, Senator Adeyeye remains a credible politician with huge democratic credentials. While many may see this as a temporary setback, I urge him to brace up and see it as part of the sacrifice for the growth of democracy in the country. ALSO READ: Nigeria can only develop with rightly educated citizens ― Wike Balogun Market fire: LASEMA begins enumeration of affected… Olujimi: appeal court verdict victory for all PDP members in… EFCC secures 890 convictions in 10 months ― Magu Bayelsa guber: Brass declares total support for APC “I am convinced that Senator Adeyeye will bounce back, in view of the pride of place he occupies in the hearts of his people,” the statement read. While congratulating Senator Abiodun Olujimi for the victory, Governor Fayemi urged her to be magnanimous in victory and ensure that Ekiti interest is paramount in her agenda at the Senate. Meanwhile, Senator Olujimi has expressed joy with her victory at the court, describing it as an “act of God”. She explained that she would be ready to work with Adeyeye in the overall interest and development of the senatorial district and Ekiti state at large. In a statement made available to Tribune Online in Ado-Ekiti on Thursday, Olujimi said: “Next, let me salute the courage and tenacity of  Prince Dayo Adeyeye, my brother,  my friend and my opponent in this struggle! He gave me a reason to put on my thinking cap, be on my toes. “He gave me a strong reason to pursue my conviction with decency. Let me say that I know how it feels to be in his situation, but I ask that he will understand that democracy is a bitter/ sweet system which we all submitted to! I wish him luck as he moves on to plan for the future and ask that he doesn’t jettison the zeal to assist and give back to his constituency. “We must work to make our constituents better. I will be willing to work with him on projects that will enhance the development of Ekiti South. Politics must bind rather than separate us.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.