The  Federal Government has suspended 3 officers and 6 other ranks of the Nigerian Correctional Service implicated in the alleged internet fraud perpetrated by Hope Olusegun Aroke, an inmate serving a term of imprisonment in Kirikiri Maximum Security Custodial Centre, Lagos. The suspension was approved by the Civil Defence, Correctional, Fire and Immigration Services Board (CDCFIB), on Thursday, in Abuja. Spokesman of the Nigerian Correctional Service, Mr Francis Enobore, in a statement made available to newsmen said this was based on the preliminary report of the investigation panel earlier constituted by the Comptroller General of the Service, Ja’afaru Ahmed which indicted the officers of complicity in the scandal. Enobore noted that Comptroller General who handed down the suspension order noted that the task of correcting maladjusted persons in the society requires a measure of moral rectitude to make a positive impact on offenders in custody. ALSO READ: Group calls out ‘survivors of police brutality’ in #StopRobbingUs campaign EFCC arrests Kirikiri Prison’s controller, doctor over… N2bn alleged fraud: Maina fit to stand trial ― Nigerian… ICYMI: EFCC to arraign Mompha Monday $9.6bn P&ID claim: FG slams additional charges against… Ahmed had, while ordering an investigation into the alleged fraud, vowed to punish any officer found to be an accomplice. He had noted that considering the gravity of the accusation, a comprehensive investigation into the allegation should be carried out and the recommendations immediately forwarded to his office for appropriate action. “Without prejudice to the outcome of the investigation, the CG wishes to assure members of the public that if any personnel is found to have been involved in the ignoble act, the culprit(s) will face the consequences as prescribed by the law. “He further stressed that the modicum of discipline and integrity required of every personnel of Correctional Service in Nigeria will not be compromised under any circumstance,” the statement said. Aroke who is the subject of an investigation by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) reportedly organised the scam using a network of accomplices. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!