9mobile has collaborated with a technology company, Google and mobile devices manufacturer, Transsion, the parent company of Tecno, Infinix and Itel brands, to providing high-speed data internet access. Through this latest initiative, both new and existing customers of 9mobile can own select Transsion smartphones that run on Android’s optimised Go version which focuses on speed, storage, data management and security, bundled with an exciting data bonus from 9mobile. Customers can make a choice from any of Tecno, Pop 2 and Pop 2 Power, as well as Itel A33, P33 Plus and S15, or the Infinix Hot 8 Lite. ALSO READ: Airtel offers 100% bonus on data in new SmartConnect package U-TURN: Driving with the aid of Google map, not a crime —… #NigeriaAt59: Google celebrates #October1st #IndependenceDay… Google’s YouTube to pay $170 million penalty for… Google, SMEDAN train 80 youths on digital marketing Speaking on the offer, Acting Director, Marketing, 9mobile, Layi Onafowokan, said users will get exciting and affordable data to offer upon purchase of any of the smartphones. “Customers who purchase select Tecno and Itel phone models (Tecno, Pop 2, Pop 2 Power and Itel A33, P33 Plus and S15) will enjoy 2G free sign-up data bonus upon activation and also receive 100 per cent bonus on all data plans purchased from N1,000 and above for the first six months plus 50 per cent data bonus on all data plans from N1,000 and above from the seventh to twelfth month. Onafowokan added that Customers who purchase Infinix Hot 8 Lite are not left out of the fun as they get up to 4Gb free sign-up data bonus upon activation plus 100 per cent bonus on all data plans purchased from N1,000 and above for the first six months, while 50 per cent bonus on all data plans purchased from N1,000 and above will apply from months seven to twelve. Said that the key objective of this latest offer is to enable both new and existing 9mobile customers to own quality smartphones and browse seamlessly. “This offer exemplifies the premium we place on our customers that motivates us to continue to explore partnerships that deliver true value for their money while delivering exceptional internet browsing experience,” he remarked. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!