The First Lady, Hajiya Aisha Buhari has criticized state Governors, Ministers over the inability of some Nigerians from accessing portable water and the rising insecurity across the country. The First Lady said the rising insecurity which was as a result of injustice, had made it impossible for some Nigerians to travel to their states and villages and live peacefully. Speaking on Friday in Abuja at the General Assembly of the Nigerian Supreme Council of Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), Aisha Buhari said there was a need for stakeholders to support President Muhammadu Buhari to fight insecurity. While lamenting the level of insecurity, Aisha Buhari said if the needful was not done, Nigerians would regret the outcome of insecurity soon. “I have listened to the speech of his Eminence Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar, where he talked about justice, and the Minister of Communication talked about justice and injustice, and I think he did not mention the consequences of injustice. “The conference is timely, and this is the right time to address the problems in Nigeria, the problems have been escalating from one thing to the other. Thinking that General Muhammadu Buhari will solve it alone, he cannot do it alone, we have to work together to make sure that we do the needful, we as Muslims we operate within the guidelines of Islamic injunctions. UN pledges support to fight against corruption, insecurity… Buhari greets former Minister of External Affairs, Gambari,… Ambrose Alli University to honour Aisha Buhari, Odion… Again, governors meet over bailout facility defections,… ALSO READ: Buhari meets northern govs, assures Nigeria’ll be secured “We must do justice to ourselves, most of us here, as a result of long-time of injustice done to others, today, most of us cannot go to our villages and sleep with our two eyes closed, we all know that and it is moving forward and forward. “My husband has 3 years to go, we should fasten our seat belt, get up and do the needful or we will all regret it very soon, because, at the rate which things are going, things are completely out of hand, the Vice President is here, Ministers are here, they are supposed to do justice to whatever, people cannot afford portable drinking water in this country, we have ministers, we have governors. “Since this is the highest decision-making body of Islamic affairs, for those that are Muslims, we should fear God and we know that one day we will return to God and account for our deeds here. I hope that the decisions, debates and engagements here today will be fruitful with the view of reaching realistic decisions for shaping our lives as a nation”, Aisha Buhari said. In his address, the Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo emphasized the need for Muslims and Christians to coexist peacefully as a nation. He highlighted incidents where Christians and Muslims had defended each other in times of violence. He, however, expressed hope that the recommendations of the meeting with the theme ‘Islam and National Development’ would be used to consolidate on the ongoing development across the country. In his remarks, the Sultan of Sokoto and President-General of NSCIA, Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar said the General Assembly/National Executive Council Meeting would address some of the challenges facing Islam in Nigeria, such as Almajiri system, Hijab-wearing in schools, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!