Recent studies have revealed that fasting is an effective dietary therapy which prevents hypertension. Abstinence from certain foods, especially those high in calories for a limited period of time has been proven and recognized to have a weight loss effect on obese patients with hypertension. A medical expert at Molly Specialist Hospital, Ibadan, Dr. Michael Daramola, speaking on the anti-hypertensive effect of fasting in obese patients, noted that overweight and obesity are risk factors for hypertension. Dr Daramola said hypertension or high blood is a rise in blood pressure above the normal level and that people with obesity are more prone to hypertension due to cholesterol in their body. He declared that 75 percent cases of high blood pressure could be with no apparent cause, while other cases could be associated with other prevailing health conditions like diabetes. Medical quackery, bane of sporting injury —Experts WHO, UNICEF partner to end measles in Ekiti NURHI 2 supports PHC with equipment,  educational materials Exposure to traffic exhaust may cause stroke Dr Abass Akintayo, Tri State Hospital, Ibadan, pointed out that therapeutic fasting only works for hypertensive patients that are obese. He said that primary or essential hypertension has no root cause but only risk factors. According to him, the risk factors of hypertension include smoking and ageing. Kogi gov, senatorial polls and the fears Also speaking, Dr Muyiwa Bewaji of Ibadan Central Hospital, Ibadan, urged people to cut down on the consumption of red meat and junk foods as it could contribute to high risk of hypertension. Dr. Daramola, however called on Nigerians especially the aged to reduce their intake of foods high in salt and cholesterol. He therefore urged people on the need for regular medical check-ups, avoid stress and create time for exercises and leisure activities.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!