The Ekiti state government has reiterated its commitment to the welfare and security of the people with a pledge to developing workable strategies with security agencies to reduce crime to the barest minimum in the state. The deputy governor, Chief Bisi Egbeyemi, assured that the administration of Governor Kayode Fayemi would continue to support security agencies and its auxiliary organs to be able to perform optimally in securing the lives and property of the residents. Egbeyemi gave the assurance while declaring open the Free Medical Service organised by the Nigerian Legion Corps of Commissionaires (CNC), Ekiti State Command as part of activities marking the second anniversary of their establishment in the state. ALSO READ: FUTA suspends students for assaulting schoolmate FUTA suspends students for assaulting schoolmate [BREAKING] #BayelsaDecides: INEC commences collation of… Council cautions NASS on establishment matters #KogiDecides2019: INEC electoral officer dies in boat mishap The deputy governor said the constitutional establishment of the Nigerian Legion Corps as an auxiliary arm of the Nigerian Legion would further bring to reality the goal of enhancing the security situation of the country. He said: “This organisation is ours, well known to the Nigerian Laws, we will make sure that you start well in Ekiti. In education all over the country, we are rated first in the country, in the Nigerian Legion, we must also be rated first. “We have sons and daughters from Ekiti state who did well in the Nigerian Army, people like Lt.-Col Adekunle Fajuyi (Late), people like Gen. James Oluleye and others.” The deputy governor charged the Legion Corps to be united and support the executives so as to achieve the aims and objectives of the command. Earlier in his address, the Chairman Nigerian Legion retired Col. Joseph Adeyanju, commended the support of the administration of Governor Fayemi, for the corps with an assurance to continue to partner the government in securing the lives and property of the citizens. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!