Efforts to increase domestic utilization of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), otherwise called cooking gas, received a boost as Nigeria’s Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo (SAN), has confirmed he will lead other Federal Government delegation to this year’s Nigeria LPG Summit. Nigeria is the fourth largest country with gas reserves with 202 trillion cubic feet (tcf) proven gas reserves and 600 tcf of unproven gas reserves, yet, its domestic gas utilisation is appalling and this is because it is bedevilled with unstable power supply, poor gas infrastructure and other socio-cultural factors. The Nigeria LPG summit, which will be hosted on November 26 and 27 at Balmoral Hall of Federal Palace Hotel in Lagos, by the Nigeria Liquefied Petroleum Gas Association (NLPGA) in partnership with Singapore’s LPG Summit, will provide the opportunity to stakeholders once again to x-ray the challenges confronting the midstream and proffer solutions to them. Commenting on the summit, the President, NLPGA, Mr Nuhu Yakuba, said the event provides the needed platform for stakeholders and experts to discuss issues surrounding deepening of LPG adoption on the continent. #InternationalMensDay: What people say about Nigerian men “Over the years, we advocated the adoption of LPG as an enabler of quality living for Nigerians and citizens across the continent. This year’s summit in partnership with Singapore’s LPG Summit will host the largest number of international delegates, critical stakeholders, experts and exhibitors in West Africa. Abideen Olasupo: Unlocking clean energy for Africans We’ll soon witness lots of M&As in the nation’s… FoodCo unfolds 37th anniversary plans Excitements, as Power Oil Walkhearton 4.0 ends in Rivers “The robust representation of participants promises to provide a crosscurrent of ideas and learnings from different markets and climes. Having the Vice President to join in these rich conversations will further bolster the confidence that this will shape the policy environment on harnessing LPG opportunities for the benefits of our people,” he said. In her remarks, the Director of LPG Summit, Mrs Neasa Hapiak, noted that “blessed with a vast gas resource, every stakeholder must seek innovative ways to harness the tremendous endowment of this very clean domestic fuel for use in Africa. “We have partnered with the Nigeria Liquefied Petroleum Gas Association (NLPGA) to host this world-class event that is not only gathering the brightest minds in the gas industry globally but also to collaborate to find solutions to the LPG challenges that are unique to the global markets. I look forward to welcoming participants to this event as I am confident of a very positive and impactful outcome.” Themed: ‘Harmonizing Development and Growth in Nigeria and Africa’, the Nigeria LPG Summit 2019 will host stakeholders, experts, exhibitors from south-east Asia, and the international gas community to an industry discourse on issues, developments, policies and innovations around LPG markets. Other leading experts scheduled to speak at the annual conference  include the Honourable Minister of State, Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva; Managing Director of the Nigeria LNG Limited, Mr Tony Attah; Executive Director, Commercial Operations of Falcon Corporation Limited, Mrs Audrey Joe-Ezigbo; Executive Secretary, Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board, Engr. Simbi Kesiye Wabote; Chief Information Officer, Manufacturing, Sub-Saharan Africa, Agri-Business and Service Dept, International Finance Corporation, World Bank Group, Mr Kalim Shah; Deputy Managing Director, World LPG Association, Mr Michael Kelly; Chief Operating Officer, Downstream Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mr Adeyemi Adetunji and Chief Executive Officer, Forte Oil Plc, Mr Olumide Adeosun, among several other local and international speakers.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!