AN Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court on Wednesday ordered that a 54-year-old pastor, Abayomi Oladele, who allegedly defiled his neighbour’s two daughters, be remanded in a correctional centre, pending legal advice. Chief Magistrate B.O. Osunsemi, who did not take the plea of the defendant, ordered that he be remanded at the Kirikiri Correctional Facility, Apapa, Lagos. Osunsemi ordered the police to duplicate the case file to the Lagos State Director of Public Prosecutions and adjourned the case until Dec 31. Oladele, who resides in Ifako–Ijaiye in Lagos, is charged with defilement. ALSO READ:  JUST IN: Police uncover torture centre in Ibadan, rescue 200 inmates Police arrest 12 miscreants in Lagos market fire Blind septuagenarian docked in Osun over alleged possession,… Police rescue kidnapped three-year-old girl in Anambra Court remands man over alleged N4.7m fraud Earlier, the Police Prosecutor, ASP Ezekiel Ayorinde, alleged that the suspect sexually assaulted his neighbour’s daughters, aged eight and 14 in his room. Ayorinde told the court that the defendant committed the offence in August between 9 a.m. and 11 a.m. at his residence. Ayorinde alleged that the defendant lured the two sisters into his room and defined them. He submitted that the girls’ mother reported the case at the police station and the defendant was apprehended. News Agency of Nigeria reports that the offence contravenes Section 137 of the Criminal Laws of Lagos State 2015, (Revised) and stipulates life imprisonment on conviction. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.