VOTING was generally peaceful in Lokoja and other areas of Kogi West, including Odolu in Kabba, Aiyetoro-Gbedde and Demonstration Primary School, Asuta Ward, the voting unit of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan. At the Ward B Unit 001, Karaworo, near Pararanda, in Lokoja, accreditation began as early as 8 am, after which voting commenced. While voter turnout was impressive in the capital, there was voter apathy in parts of Okun land. In Mopa, there was near no sign that the rerun exercise took place as most people stayed away from the polling units in the two wards that were affected. Voting had ended in Kabba, with about seven polling units. INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in the state, Professor James Apam blamed the low turn out of voters on poor mobilisation of voters by political parties. Promise Ilebor, BRG team on shopping spree in Dubai, London BREAKING: INEC declares Adeyemi winner of Kogi West… Flooding: Sanwo-Olu threatens demolition of massive… Gunmen in NYSC uniforms attack Ifeanyi Ubah FC bus in Kogi,… ALSO READ: Alleged N32.9bn fraud: Mompha granted N100m bail The REC said the parties should be blamed, adding that instead of the political parties to embark on membership drive aimed at convincing their supporters on the need to come out and vote for them but they turned around to blame INEC for poor turnout of voters. Our correspondent who went round the affected areas noticed low turn out blamed on fear of repeat performance of the violence that greeted the November 16 election. PDP chieftain, Mallam Bala Bariga, who spoke with reporters at Ward C, Unit 001 alleged that voters failed to show over the fear that their votes will not count as it was during the last election. He also said more voters stayed away for fear of being caught in any crossfire. However, as at the time of filing this report, there has not been any reported case of violence as the few voters on the queue were seen casting their votes without any hindrance. Our correspondent also visited Ward D, Yaragi polling unit 002 where voters were seen casting their votes peacefully. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!