Bauchi State Commissioner for Budget and Economic Planning, Dr Aminu Hassan Gamawa has declared that the 2020 State Budget is at the last stage of preparation and subsequent presentation to the House of Assembly is mainly for the renewal of hope of the citizens. Aminu Gamawa made the declaration during an interactive session with members of the State House of Assembly Committee on Budget and Appropriation on Tuesday in Bauchi. The Commissioner who said that the budget was designed to be equitable in order to address the basic needs of the people of the state, noted that already the Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has assured on equal distribution of projects across the state. “Recently I have the opportunity of making conversation with the Governor Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, during the discussion, he encouraged us to do the budget in a legal way that will ensure transparency and accountability in line with global best practices,” Aminu Gamawa said. He assured that, “Our 2020 State Budget will be realistic as against the previous ones where budget would be a copy and paste or putting projects without resources of executing them” saying that the budget was designed based on the reality, assuring that with their support, this time around whatever is put in the budget would be implemented. ALSO READ: Nuclear safety: Agency charges radiation officers in oil and gas sector on compliance Aminu Gamawa also pledged the readiness of the Ministry to ensure compliance with appropriation laws and noted that the time for conflict between Executive and Legislature is over for the interest of the state. N14bn NEPZA diverted funds to NSEZCO still with CBN ― Trade… Reps approve inclusion of fund for rehabilitation of Anambra… Appeal Court upholds victory of APC’s Senator Gobir in… Manager in court over alleged theft of N2.6m “We are very grateful for your visit to our Ministry. We will reciprocate this gesture by visiting you in the house and we will join hands with you for the success of our assignment”, he added. The Budget and Economic Planning Commissioner while commending the Committee for living up to expectations, sought for their support on the proposed 2020 state budget. On his part, Chairman of the Committee, Honourable Abdulkadir Umar Dewu, said that the Committee was in the Ministry of Budget and Economic Planning on a familiarization visit ahead of the presentation of the State 2020 budget by the state government to the honourable house. “We are here on official assignment. The main purpose of our visit is to introduce ourselves to you and the management of the Ministry as our Committee was responsible for advising or recommending to the House on budget and appropriation issues. Abdulkadir Dewu, who is the member representing Kirfi State Constituency, assured that when submitted to the House, the Committee will work tirelessly towards ensuring speedy and timely passage of the 2020 budget to enable citizens benefit from the government’s projects. He further pledged to work with the Ministry to address the challenges affecting the administration of budget in the state and appealed to the Commissioner to ensure adherence to the appropriation laws especially, the Fiscal Responsibility Act for effective implementation of the budget. The Chairman used the medium to commend the Commissioner for accepting to serve as a member of the State Executive Council and hoped that his vast experience would be used for the development of the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.