In a proactive move to stem the environmental threat being constituted by erosion, a bill for an Act to stem the menace through the establishment of Erosion Control and Prevention Commission passed through the first reading on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday. It was sponsored by Senator representing Anambra South, Senator Ifeanyi Ubah, making the presentation, chieftain of the Young Progressives Party, (YPP) said the Commission, when established, would be constitutionally saddled with the responsibility of prevention, control, management and redress of erosion and other related matters. Ubah said the bill provides for the Ecological Fund Office to be constitutionally domiciled within the Presidency. He said, “The aim of this bill is to establish a structure that will make this fund more accessible to Nigerians who are in dire need of it when due and necessary. ALSO READ: Makinde announces release of N500million to LAUTECH Senate seeks upgrade of Ibadan airport Senate sets new date for budget passage NDDC budget: Senate insists on Odubu-led board for defence Senate mulls amendment to hate speech bill “Erosion is a serious environmental menace destroying the property and means of livelihood of my constituents in Anambra South as well as other parts of the nation. “The Commission upon establishment, will formulate policies, guidelines and play an advisory role to the Federal Government on erosion prevention, management and control” He said it will also mobilise funding, technical assistance and expertise to tackle the menace. “The commission will also be saddled with the task of carrying out comprehensive and periodic surveys of erosion stricken areas and potential areas that are vulnerable to threat.” The Bill made provision for a Commission with an Executive Chairman and Secretary and other members with a four-year tenure. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!