THE Federal Government  (FG) has said policies and programmes were being fine-tuned to create an enabling environment for greater participation of sub-national governments and the private sector to address the over 22 million housing deficit in the country. The Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, Mohammed Bukar gave the assurance while declaring open the technical session of the ongoing 8th meeting of the National Council on Lands, Housing and Urban Development with the theme ‘’ Housing Development and Consumer Credit as Strategies for National Prosperity.’’ Speaking through the Director Planning Research and Statistics, Dr Famous Eseduwo the Permanent Secretary described housing as one of the fundamental human needs and a veritable indicator of standard of living in every society. He added that housing deficit exists in almost all the countries of the world, either it is in short supply or there is an affordability gap. Still on the N30,000 minimum wage VIDEO: 59-year-old Maradona denies daughter’s claim he… Foodstuff and Cattle dealers threaten nationwide strike over… Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone… Bukar maintained that the on-going National Housing Programme across the Federation was an initiative specifically designed to encourage local manufacturers professionals, artisans and craftsmen towards enhancing employment and wealth creation. ALSO READ: Reps pass Authentication Act Amendment bill for 2nd reading He further said that the housing programme only allows the use of home- grown building materials and components in the construction of the houses except where it was established that the materials and components cannot be produced locally or production capacity is inadequate. He revealed that his ministry through its agencies is working tirelessly in collaboration with the office of the Head of the Civil Service of the Federation and cooperative societies towards the development and delivery of affordable houses to the low- income workers in the formal sector. Bukar however, urged the delegates and stakeholders in the Council to make meaningful contributions on the memoranda submitted to enable the federal government to formulate and strengthen policies that would facilitate more home ownership amongst Nigerians. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.