The case of fraud and money laundering against Enlightened Christian Gathering Church leader Prophet Shepherd Bushiri and his wife Mary will commence July 27, 2020, as it was, on Friday, transferred to the Gauteng High Court in Pretoria for trial. The specialised crimes court in Pretoria, South Africa, adjourned to next year following inability of the prosecution to provide tangible evidence against the man of God. The Enlightened Christian Gathering Church leader Prophet Shepherd Bushiri and his wife appeared in the court to answer charges of fraud and money laundering which has been dragging since February this year. Due to the lack of evidence, the judge at the crimes court adjourned the case to July 27 next year and deferred the matter to the High Court of the northern Gauteng. Speaking to his followers who converged on the court premises, the man of God encouraged everyone to be in prayer and ask God to intervene so that the truth is out. [VIDEO] ALSO READ: Prophet Bushiri details what happened on night of deadly stampede “I would just like to say, may you keep us in prayers, not for the authorities to pity us and withdraw the case, rather, for the truth to come out sooner. The Bible says “the truth shall make you free” and that is all we are praying for,” he said. The man of then thanked everyone for the support they have given to him through a campaign with hash-tag, I Stand with Major One. “Thank you all for coming and standing with us. The case has been postponed to July 27, 2020. To all those that have been standing and voicing out for us, to those who came and those who did not come but still stand with us- may the good Lord continue to bless you,” said the Major One, adding that, “very soon, we will not question the voice of our enemies, we will question why some of our friends and loved ones stayed silent.” Reports say Prophet Bushiri and his wife lead one of the biggest ministries in Africa which continues to grow and impact positive change to millions of people across the world. The man of God is also widely known and appreciated for his love for charity. Prophet Bushiri spends a large share of his wealth helping the people through empowerment in Education, health and food security. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!