THE Kaduna State police command said it had arrested no fewer than 39 suspected kidnappers, armed bandits and armed robbers within the past few weeks in Kaduna, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) has reported. The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Yakubu Sabo, made the disclosure in a press briefing at the command’s headquarters on Thursday in Kaduna. Sabo said the command had intensified efforts towards ensuring safety and security of the populace through some coordinated raiding of criminal hideouts. “This is being carried out by our gallant Operatives and the IGP’s Special Tactical Squad (STS) and IRT, as well as active Community Engagement Initiative in line with the Inspector General of Police mandate on community policing. ALSO READ: Police recover decomposed body of 65-year-old medical doctor in Anambra apartment 2 nabbed while robbing commuters on long bridge Police investigate death of 9-yr-old girl, suicide suspected Police recover body of murdered tricycle rider in Anambra,… Police nabbed alleged killer of Keke rider in Anambra “These efforts have gained some remarkable results which led to the arrest of 39 suspected criminals, comprising of suspected kidnappers, armed bandits, armed robbers, culpable homicide suspects, cattle rustlers and internet fraudsters, among others,” he said. Sabo disclosed that exhibits recovered from the suspects included, 10 AK-47 rifles, four pump-action guns, two locally-made pistols and one locally-made gun. He stated further that 154 live ammunition, 17 cartridges, four vehicles, four motorcycles, among others were recovered. The police spokesperson admitted that the command, like other commands across the country, had some peculiar security challenges, but said, “we have succeeded in reducing these crimes within our towns, villages and to a large extent on our major highways.” He added that the command had been relatively calm, as the bandits could no longer carry out coordinated attacks due to the strategic deployment as well as the public support the command had received. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!