SystemSpecs‘ Executive Director, Mr ‘Deremi Atanda, has called on public and private organisations as well as individuals to initiate new and disruptive approaches to national issues for a sweeping transformation of the fortunes of the country. Mr Atanda gave the charge during a panel discussion at the 51st Annual Chartered Institute of Personnel Management (CIPM) conference held in Abuja. Citing the example of his organisation and how they fast-tracked the implementation of the lauded Treasury Single Account (TSA) policy he said: “We created something called TSA technology, which helps the nation better manage its finances. ALSO READ: Kogi election: IG deploys 35,000 additional policemen for “visibility policing” “With technology, the government can see the most basic things that pertain to public financial management. Furthermore, when we devised Remita there was no single platform that made you see all your bank accounts in one view, whether as an individual or as an organisation. “We achieved that with little fanfare, but when it was replicated in the United Kingdom, it was hugely celebrated,’’ the SystemSpecs Executive Director noted. He maintained that the most viable way to harnessing the innate potentials of the country is through the deployment of disruptive innovations across all sectors. The innovation, he stressed, must be embarked upon routinely but with a disruptive approach. ‘’Significant change only happens when there is a disruptive innovation, and that is why this conversation extends beyond innovative and into the realm of disruption,’’ he remarked. Police recover NDE stolen vehicle in Niger Republic Olore “torture centre” not approved by govt as correctional… Revenue generation: N7.5% increase tax bill scales second… Makinde has not fulfilled promises he made to me ― Lanlehin Mr Atanda added that even though the technology was vital to disruptive innovation it is not the crux of the matter. He explained that the role lies with individuals, corporates, and government, with a clear vision that could shape the nature of innovation required as a country. ‘’Technology is an enabler in the sense that it amplifies mental power in ways that you probably may not be able to achieve. Without a clear vision of what change should look like, however, we will just be specialists who describe problems without proffering cogent solutions. “Until there is a picture of what change is supposed to be, we may not be able to leverage technology appropriately on a national level.’’ “The populace must truly find a real yearning for change to occur, otherwise, the state of things will linger or exacerbate.” He, however, harped that not everyone will be at the forefront of driving disruptive innovation as some are better positioned to play certain roles while others will serve as promoters, which is another key element to the process. ‘’It is imperative that we are all clear on the fact that the status quo cannot subsist for there to change. As I had previously mentioned, we all need to do more as individuals, corporates and as a nation. Despite that, not everyone will be a disruptive innovation but that does not preclude us from being part of the value chain,’’ he commented. He also harped on the need for Organisations to recalibrate their processes and rejig strategies to create disruptive innovations. According to him, companies are well-positioned to stimulate the evolution of Nigeria by devising creative ways to solve national problems. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.