The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Friday reaffirmed its commitment to conduct free, fair and credible electoral process in the November 16 elections in Kogi. Prof. James Apam, the Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) of INEC in Kogi, gave the assurance when the Centre for Advocacy of Justice and Rights (CAJR) paid an Advocacy visit to his office at Marine road in Lokoja. CAJR in partnership with the International Foundation Electoral System (IFES), had earlier conducted a ”Street Campaign on Election Violence”, which kicked off at Ganaja junction and terminated at INEC State headquarters. ALSO READ: Reps blast Fashola over comment on Nigerian roads  Addressing the crowd, Apam, commended the organisations for the initiative and for having the interest of the state at hearts. ”We really appreciate what you are doing, you are actually helping our work; we are determined to conduct free, fair and credible elections within the coast of INEC in Kogi State. ”We only hope that all we are doing would definitely pay off by the time we have the elections,” he said. Apam noted that elections in Kogi had not been very peaceful in the past, but urged the people to start taking a new leave and develop a new culture of having a very peaceful election. Reps blast Fashola over comment on Nigerian roads Nigeria Army to court-martial 70 soldiers in North East Gombe gov to swear-in Commissioners, others Saturday Fayemi presents N124.7b 2020 Ekiti budget estimate He expressed optimism that a peaceful and violent-free election would become the new culture in Kogi henceforth, promising to build peoples’ confidence in INEC to the benefits of all. Earlier, Miss Etty Peter, the Project Coordinator of CARJ, said the advocacy visit to INEC was part of their activities with other partners to show support for INEC towards the Nov. 16 governorship and National Assembly elections in Kogi She said that the road walk, tagged: ”State Campaign on Election Violence” was aimed at sensitising the people of Kogi to say ‘no’ to election violence and ‘yes’ to peaceful elections. ”We are here to show INEC our support through the street campaign to ensure violence-free election in Kogi before, during and after the November polls. ”So, this is just our little way to show our support for what INEC is doing to ensure we have peaceful elections across Kogi. ”We would continue to help you to see that your work is successful come November 16; we would have elections free of violence in Kogi,” Peter said. She reiterated the commitment of the CAJR and their partners to educate the people of Kogi on how to mitigate the menace of election-related violence. She noted they had engaged the stakeholders such as traditional and religious leaders, security agencies, groups and associations across the three senatorial districts of Kogi on the need to have elections devoid of violence. The street campaign was organised by CAJR in partnership with IFES, and supported by USAID and UKAID. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.