Three Chinese nationals kidnapped by gunmen at a mining site in Itagunmodi of Atakumosa East local government area of Osun State have been released by their captors, Nigerian Tribune authoritatively gathered. Credible source informed our correspondent that they were released around Iperindo community under the precinct of the same local government after being intercepted by security agents, including local vigilante members. Confirming their release to journalists in Osogbo, Osun State Commissioner of Police, Mrs Abiodun Ige explained that no ransom was paid before the abducted Chinese nationals regained their freedom. While maintaining that there was casualty during the rescue operation, she assured that security of lives and properties would always be given topmost priority by the Police. It is recalled that suspected gunmen on Monday evening abducted three Chinese at Itagunmodi in Atakumosa East local government area of Osun State after killing a Police orderly attached to them. Security source informed the Nigerian Tribune that the incident, which created panic in the community occurred around 5.50 pm. Ayinde felicitates Oyetola on his first anniversary in… Reps pass bill for establishment of Fed College of Education… Gunmen kills police officer, abduct three Chinese in Osun Speaker urges Nigerians to protect women, stand against… ALSO READ: Kirikiri: FG suspends nine personnel of Correctional Service over Aroke $1M scam The gunmen were said to have escaped with the AK47 rifle of the slain policeman, who was a sergeant in the Special Protection Unit (SPU) of the Nigeria Police Force. “The Chinese abducted by the suspected kidnappers, who works in a mining site were four, while one of them managed to escape after being shot. The Chinese shot by the gunmen was firstly taken to Wesley Guild Hospital, Ilesa before he was referred to Obafemi Awolowo University Teaching Hospital Complex (OAUTHC) due to the severity of the gunshot wounds”, the source hinted. However, another version of the incident indicated that two Chinese expatriates and two Nigerians were kidnapped by hooded gunmen, who stormed Ijoka village, via Itagunmodi. According to one of the villagers, identified by Akinmola Adebusuyi, the gunmen had earlier hid in the bush where they abducted a local Hunter before they stormed the mining site by shooting sporadically to scare the people. He further stated that “in the process of shooting at the mining site, the local Hunter escaped and the gunmen later abducted two Chinese expatriates and two Nigerians at their cam SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!