Over  1500 women  from all walks of life  are expected to attend the 18th edition of the Women in Management and Business (WIMBIZ) 2019 annual comference expected to hold from November 7 to 9  2019 at Eko Hotel. The chairperson  Council Executive, WIMBIZ, Mrs Olubunmi Aboderin -Talabi, while briefing newsmen at a press conference said “the WIMBiZ annual conference which has over the years been a major  women stakeholders forum where women sit together yearly to discuss relevant issues affecting their well-being as well as to  proffer solutions that will help in  improving their  business. She added that the annual conference has over the years been used to empower women in order to be able to stand their ground in a country like Nigeria that is  gender -sensitive society. Why 3 p.m. is best time for couples to make love — Hormone experts Be humble with your success to keep your home —Dr Bolanle… How to overcome body shaming! We need to educate our children on the benefits and dangers… Putting an end to wife battering She went further to say that  the theme for this year’s conference is “Shaping the future: strategising to win”  as lots of keynote speakers have been lined up to do justice to the theme of the conference. She said women coming for the conference should expect value, practical tips on how they can  develop themselves. According to her, the  target audience of the conference are women in management, corporate and public service workers, entrepreneurs and even men. Wife of the  Ekiti State  governor and other top dignitaries are expected to grace the three- days event.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.