The Organisation of African Instituted Church (OAIC), one of the five blocks of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), has passed a resolution against the election of any polygamous leader to steer its affairs. This was the highlight at the Regional Executive Committee (REC) meeting of OAIC last week in Lagos, presided by Elder (Dr.) Napo Emuchay, the Regional President. The resolution was informed by a lecture delivered by the Prelate of Motailatu Church Cherubim and Seraphim Worldwide (MCCSW), Baba Aladura Elder (Dr) Israel Akinadewo, at the meeting. Akinadewo had lamented the emergence of polygamous leaders at the bloc, saying it was making others to look down on OAIC. In the lecture entitled: “Celibacy, marriage and the Future of OAIC in the Contemporary Nigerian Church,” the cleric saidmonogamy was the original plan of God. Akinadewo pointed out that God, through Jesus Christ, restored monogamy as the standard requirement for marriage to foster fidelity, commitment and godliness. Looking at how the five blocs of CAN perceive marriage, he pointed out that only OAIC churches still have polygamists as leaders, a development he described as counter-productive. Church should wake up from its slumber —Olukahunsi Kogi gov election: CAN calls for prayers Adefarasin hosts Travis Greene, Sinach, Todd Dulaney, others… Don’t commercialise God’s grace,  Adegboye tells clerics According to him, “there are still priests of the OAIC churches today that are polygamists and this is well pronounced from the churches that operate all congregational priesthood.” OAIC, he said, will never play prominent roles in CAN leadership because of the situation, lamenting that other blocs consider OAIC leaders as ‘nominal Christians.’ He stated that polygamy had also eroded the respect due to OAIC in CAN as well as hurt the effective church administration and reduce spiritual concentration. Akinadewo appealed to OAIC leaders to embrace monogamy for the bloc to regain its lost glories. Sequel to the lecture, leaders of the bloc resolved never to allow polygamous members hold leadership positions. Akinadewo was later elected unopposed as national first vice president of OAIC. OAIC National President, Elder (Dr) Napo Emuchay, said his administration would take steps that will promote the kingdom and uniqueness of OAIC. He praised Akinadewo, saying he has demonstrated his leadership acumen within and beyond the bloc, saying his experience would be vital to take OAIC to the desired place of prominence. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now.