A 39-year-old man, Ibrahim Anifowoshe, has told a Lagos Island Customary Court while seeking dissolution of his 12-year-old marriage that his wife denied him sex, disrespected and embarrassed him in the presence of his friends. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Ibrahim, a National Union of Road Transport Worker (NURTW) official, told the court that his wife, Modinat embarrassed him at his work place in the presence of his colleagues. “I want the dissolution of my marriage with Modinat because my wife has consistently denied me sex for two years. “She has no respect for me and my family, and embarrasses me. “I was almost lynched when my wife and her younger sister saw me on the street and shouted, calling me thief. “I would have been a dead man by now but for those who knew me and came to my rescue. How TB Joshua brokered peace in South Sudan, Tanzania Says “My wife has stopped me from coming to her house and has seized the key to her apartment. Modinat insults members of my family who try to mediate in our differences. “I don’t love her again. I pray the court to separate us, order her to leave the house I rented for her and grant me custody of our children,”Ibrahim said. Modinat denied all the allegations her husband leveled against her. She never loved me; threw her ring at me, walked out of our… After collecting N.5m from me for wedding plan, she dumped… She aborted my pregnancy, sneaked into our  neighbour’s room… I lost two pregnancies after he beat me, my first husband’s… She stated that her husband was wicked and refused to take care of her and the children. According to her, he steals the proceeds that she makes from her petty business. “Whenever we have disagreement, my husband will come to my shop and destroy my things. “He does not take care of me and our children. He had nothing when we got married and started having our children. I stood by him throughout all these period. I believe now that he is working and has money we should be well taken care of. “I agree to the dissolution of our marriage, but I pray to have custody of our children, while he pays their school fees. “I do not allow him to come into my house because he usually forcefully pokes his hand into my private part and has injured me several times, ”she said. After listening to both parties, the court president, Mr Saheed Lawal, said that the children’s welfare and well-being were of utmost importance to the court. “The fact that the two of you are not at peace with each other does not mean that the children should suffer.  Their upkeep and education must be well taken care of,  ”he said. Lawal urged the two parties to maintain peace and adjourned the case till November 21 for judgment.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!