Emir of Misau, Alhaji Ahmed Suleiman has described the practice of money lending as retrogressive and against the tenets of Islam, saying that the Misau Emirate Council is very much concerned about the practice expressing disgust with the way and manner some money lenders in his domain adopt or practice usury as a means of livelihood. To this end, the Emir revealed that his Council is presently writing a comprehensive report on the negative tendencies of the practice with a view to curbing the trend. Ahmed Suleiman who was speaking while receiving in his Palace, the State Chief Judge, Justice Rabi Talatu Umar who was at the head of administration of Justice Committee that review cases of inmates at correctional services across the state noted that banks also lend money on usury but such institutions do register under the provision of State Lenders Law to practice under a unified regulatory system in the country. ALSO READ: NAMA commences test-run of category III ILS BREAKING: APC has no gov candidate for Bayelsa election,… Kwara trains corps members as HIV/AIDS peer educators Kwara govt equips sports centres in 16 LGAs Bill & Melinda Gate, Dangote to partner Nasarawa govt… The Emir further described money lending under the usury practice as devastating which often culminate to the imprisonment of receivers of such loans who usually find it difficult to repay. He therefore appealed to the judiciary to fashion out a methodology that could curb the excesses of money usury lending, saying the receivers of such loans are not only subjected to untold hardships or imprisonment, but are also been made poorer. The emir also observed that Judges at various courts can in so many ways assist the state and society, especially in the area of crime reduction among youth, as they can also learn from the committee’s routine visits in the area of jurisprudence. The State Chief Jude, Justice Rabi Talatu Umar told the Emir that the Committee was in its second leg tour across correctional services in the state with a view to reviewing cases of inmates, especially where there is a pitfall. Rabi Umar, who chairs the committee, earlier visited the Misau Correctional Service where one inmate was released, said they were specifically at the palace to condole the emir over the death of his brother, and prayed for the repose of soul of the deceased. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!