Zamfara State Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle has described as sad and unfortunate Sunday’s attack that left 14 people dead in communities in Karaye village of Gummi Local Government Area of the state. It will be recalled that the recent attack was a reprisal attack between Fulani and Yansakai which Matawalle said will not be tolerated in the state at a time the peace and reconciliation he initiated is working. A statement issued to the Tribune Online and signed by the DG-Press Affairs, Yusuf Idris Gusau, said, “the governor reiterated that his administration will not condone any form of bloodletting in the state because some people feel they can take the laws into their hands.” He said the appropriate security agencies are always there to handle any form of dispute however serious such an issue is to the affected persons or communities. “The governor, therefore, charged all communities in the state to continue to be vigilant and to alert the nearest security agencies to respond to any suspicious movement for prompt action. Zamfara Assembly gets new clerk Police recover NDE stolen vehicle in Niger Republic Zamfara guber: Tribunal dismisses petition seeking to unseat… Matawalle approves promotion of 6,709 primary school… ALSO READ: Customs seize N210 million contrabands in Kano, Jigawa “He also called on both the Yansakai and other criminal elements who have not yet embraced the peace initiative to do so as the government will not take it lightly with anybody found wanting. “The governor has also directed security personnel to track and arrest anybody found to have had a hand in any of the attacks. “Governor Matawalle has constituted a very high powered delegation under the leadership of the Deputy Governor, Barr. Mahdi Aliyu Gusau to visit the affected communities, condole families of the deceased, sympathise with the wounded and present relief materials to them on behalf of the state government. “He then condoled all those who lost their loved ones as a result of the attacks and sympathised with the wounded saying the state government has already mobilised more security personnel to the affected area to forestall law and order. “The governor further said the state government has since introduced monthly joint security meeting which has the attendance of traditional rulers, Fulani and Yansakai representatives among others that will from time to time, discuss all identified issues in order to ensure the sustenance of the peace that has been attained so far in the state.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!