President and Permanent Representative of Centre for Convention on Democratic Integrity (CCDI) to the United Nations, Mr Olufemi  Aduwo, has applauded Delta State governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa, on his commitment to the development of the social sector of the state. He gave the adulation in a statement made available to the TribuneOnline on Wednesday, adding that the governor has also made a landmark impact in the infrastructural development of the state. ALSO READ: PDP condemns ‘obnoxious’ Hate Speech Bill Aduwo, who is also the president of Rights Monitoring Group (RMG), praised Okowa for what he described as his “bold vision, sacrifice, resilience and toughness to take such proactive bold initiative”, adding that his action was unprecedented in the state. Reps support removal of PPT exemption tax, new 7.5% VAT,… Senate re-introduces bill to establish South-East… NASS moves to amend 1999 Constitution to increase… We are working to repair dilapidated NYSC orientation camp… “We call on the World Bank and other development donors to extend hands of cooperation to the state in achieving these laudable projects”, he said. He also appealed to the Federal Government to build a bridge within the Asaba metropolis, the state capital, noting that this would reduce traffic along the road. Aduwo also applauded the commitment of $8.3billion by the Climate Investment Funds to developing countries worldwide in the past 10 years, saying it was urgently needed to jump-start and achieve climate-resilient development. Climate Investment Funds was established in 2008 as one of the largest fast-tracked climate financing instrument in the world as the Funds provides developing countries with grants, concessional loans, risk mitigation instruments, direct donations and equity. Aduwo appealed to state governments to access the funds and other similar agencies to tackle impacts of climate change, noting that the former Governors Peter Obi and Segun Mimiko of Anambra and Ondo state, respectively, recorded unprecedented achievements on MDGs through the assistance of such agencies. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!