As part of activities marking its 37th anniversary, holding this month, November,  consumer goods company, FoodCo Nigeria Limited, has announced that it would be embarking on a series of customer reward initiatives to appreciate loyal customers for being an integral part of the brand story over the years. The campaign, tagged My FoodCo Story, will chronicle the brand journey since inception in 1982 and encourage customers to share their most memorable experiences with the company, including available memorabilia. Speaking on the anniversary, Chief Executive Officer Designate, FoodCo, Ade Sun-Basorun described the anniversary as a ‘special one’ for the company; since it marks the company’s debut into the Lagos market. Abideen Olasupo: Unlocking clean energy for Africans We’ll soon witness lots of M&As in the nation’s… Excitements, as Power Oil Walkhearton 4.0 ends in Rivers Again, media advertising income suffers decline According to him, besides delighting its teeming consumers with a lot of packages, the company, he added, would be throwing parties for its customers born in the month of November. “We are also going to be giving them an opportunity to share some of the memorable experiences that they have shared with the brand over our 37-year sojourn.” “We are a 37-year-old institution and part of a small group of consumer goods companies that created the formal retail sector in Nigeria. Our journey began from a small stall in Bodija, Ibadan, Oyo State where we sold fresh vegetables and meat in hygienic conditions as an alternative for people who did not want to go through the hassles of shopping in the open markets,” he stated. He attributed the feats the company had been able to achieve, over the years, to its teeming customers and other stakeholders, who had kept faith with the company. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!