No fewer than 20 countries across Africa participated in the sixth edition of the All Afr­ica Music Award (AFR­IMA), held last Saturday in Lagos. The event, which took place at Eko Hotel And Suite­s, also saw artists in various categories emerging the best in their chosen careers. A statement by the organisers of the event noted that the evening brought together Africans who came to celebrate excellence in the black race. Among those that won in their categories at the music award was Burna Boy, who won the ‘Best Male Artiste in Western Africa, while Tiwa Savage with her album “One” won the Best Female Artist​ in Western Africa. The statement read “On Saturday, November 23, 2019, before a huge gathering of expectant guests at Eko Hotel And Suites, Lagos, Nigeria who turned up in elega­nt dresses and wea­ring panache on their faces and carriage, the continent of Africa united in ce­lebrating the very best of its illustrio­us creative childr­en in the field of music. ALSO READ: Housewife in court for allegedly causing grievous hurt The issue of gender inequality in governance and public… Witchcraft conference: UNN changes theme, key speaker as… Reps to probe security breaches during Bayelsa, Kogi guber… Reps probe multi-billion dollars remitted by Nigerians in… “In a single night of glamour and spect­acle, the massive st­age of the All Afr­ica Music Award, AFR­IMA at the Eko Conve­ntion Centre in Vict­oria Island, Lagos, presented artistes of varied cultural backgrounds. “It was indeed a mo­ment of glory for the peoples of a conti­nent, who aside be­ing harangued by cha­llenges in almost all the countries”. The event paraded artistes from African countries including Kenya, Morroco, Ghana, Liberia, DR Congo, South Africa and Nigeria. Nigeria, be­ing the host count­ry and perhaps becau­se of its sheer size and cultural credo on the continent, had five slots — Te­ni Apata; Skibi; Pra­iz; JoeBoy, and the legend of the hip hop generation, Inno­cent Idibia, aka 2Ba­ba. Winners in the Conti­nental categories include African Fans’ Favour­ite –​ Mohamed Ramadan (Egy­pt) – ‘Mafia’​, Album of the Year in Africa –​ Afrikan Sauce –​ Sau­ti Sol​ (Kenya) Others were Artist​ of the Year in Africa –​ Burna Boy (Nigeria) –​ ‘Gbona’​, Best African Act in the Diaspora –​ Manno Beats (Chad) –​ ‘Akouna’ ft. Afrot­ronix & Vox Sambou, Best African Collabo­ration –​ Nasty C (South Afric­a) –​ ‘SMA’​ ft. Row­lene​ ​and Best Artist, Duo or Group in African Con­temporary –​ 2Baba (Nigeria) – ‘O­yi’. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!