Sen. Rochas Okorocha, Chairman, Senate Committee on Culture and Tourism on Sunday in Abuja called for more support on the nation’s culture and tradition. Okorocha made the call at the closing ceremony of 2019 International Arts and Crafts (INAC) expo with the theme “Networking Nigeria Crafts to the world”. He said that culture was a tool that brought nations together and thereby advocated for more synergy between and among countries. Okorocha, who was also the Chairman of the occasion, noted that Nigeria had the best culture and tradition says that it was important to harness its potentials. According to him, culture and tourism will soon become the bedrock of the nation’s economic growth in place of oil. “The best gift God gave us is our culture and tradition and we have the best culture and tradition and very soon the world will hear us. “Our culture is our pride and at the mention of culture, all nations gather and we need more of this gathering to promote peace in Nigeria. ALSO READ: INAC 2019: NCAC set to host 30 countries in Abuja “Our music has taken centre stage and so shall our tourism and culture,” he said. He appreciated the international community for their support and extension of friendship. The former Imo governor commended Otunba Olusegun Runsewe, the Director-General, National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC) for leading in the promotion of arts and culture and for a successful expo. Earlier, Dame Pauline Tallen, Minister of Women Affairs and Social Development said that more networking would showcase the nation’s beautiful culture globally. Tallen, who was the mother of the day, acknowledged that the expo was an avenue to strengthen the synergy between Nigeria and the international community. According to her, the synergy between Nigeria and international communities that participated in the expo is commendable. Don’t sell properties under interim order, court tells… Buhari, APC turned me to a social leper in South East ―… Respect our tradition, culture, Obaseki charges NYSC members Withdraw arrest order on Okorocha, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youths… She, however, believed that the synergy would be strengthened and bonded through culture. The minister also canvassed for more participation from other international communities and states. Tallen also congratulated the DG NCAC for organising the expo and also showcasing the country’s heritage globally. “I am proud to be a Nigerian and let the peace we preach go round the world and let peace go round the world,” she added. Mr Idris Musa, Emir of Jiwa said the nation was greatly enriched with culture and tradition and advocated for posterity. “Culture is what brings peace and nations together and because of peace, everybody is seated here today without fear. “We are trying our best to keep our culture and tradition and our dressing should showcase who we are,” he advised. In his remarks, the DG, NCAC, Otunba Runsewe, appreciated the international community present at the expo. He described the just-concluded expo as a `place of networking’ and also communication and interactive ground with the international community without taking a flight. “We used this expo to tell the world that Nigeria is a place to be, come see our culture which is our pride. “This is marking the second time we are launching the cultural diplomacy for peace and it is a new level to tell the world that our nation is interested in the peace of the world,” he added. The DG, therefore, appreciated the countries and states that participated in the expo and also advocated for more participation in the next edition. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that about 18 states and over 30 countries participated in the just concluded 2019 INAC expo. NAN also reports that the organizers trained over 1,000 women on skill acquisition and 200 medicated glasses were also given as part of the organisation’s social responsibility. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!