The Bello/Onoja Governorship Campaign Council has called on the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) to shelve its plans of causing violence and spreading falsehood, urging the opposition party to await the conclusion of the entire process that has been “free, fair and peaceful”. In a press statement issued by the Chairman, APC Media and Publicity Committee, Mr. Kingsley Fanwo, on Sunday which copy is made available to Tribune Online read thus: “We have a credible intelligence that the leadership of the People’s Democratic Party has directed the National Publicity Secretary Of the Party, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan to quickly address a press conference to condemn an ongoing process that has been adjudged free, fair, credible and peaceful just because they are seeing the handwriting of people’s rejection on the wall. ALSO READ: Unizik to partner NOA to fight examination malpractice, drug abuse, cultism #KogiDecides: Police confirm 3 dead Appeal Court returns PDP Assembly member #BayelsaDecides: Residents eagerly await release of… APC group calls for Akeredolu’s expulsion “The pockets of crisis during the election were caused by the stand of the people against the rigging machinations of the PDP Mr Ologbondiyan was caught in the same satanic plan as he has been alleged to have carried ballot boxes and papers to his private residence, a situation that was staunchly resisted by the people of his ward who insisted on the power of the ballot. “How will such a person garner enough moral strength to address a press conference to condemn a largely credible process? He and other PDP leaders should accept the verdict the people and clean their names in the face of heavy accusations against them. “We commend the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and security agencies for their excellent performance in ensuring fair conduct. “To the PDP, they should prepare for future elections with seriousness and stop claiming ‘danger to democracy’ when things don’t go their way. We also congratulate Kogites for coming out en-masse on Saturday to elect their next governor.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!