Osun State indigenes in the employ of Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), Ogbomoso under the auspices of Osun United Forum on Friday urged Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State to constitute a 5-man committee that would work with their Osun counterpart over challenges confronting the institution. The group also chided indigenes of Oyo working in LAUTECH for allegedly criticising Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola over his recent release of N472 to the university. In a press statement signed by the leader of Osun United, Mr Oyetade Rotimi Williams, which was forwarded to  Tribune in Osogbo, the group recalled that the owner states (Osun and Oyo) met on the progress and sustainability of LAUTECH. The statement reads “the two governors decided to put together, a ten-man committee (five from each state) to deliberate on the way forward. Governor Isiaka Oyetola promptly constituted a five-man committee to meet with Oyo State committee.” “Further to this development, the Osun State government released a sum of N472m for payment of salaries. It is not disputable that LAUTECH Teaching Hospital located in Osogbo is the only recognized Teaching Hospital as stated in the edict that backs up the joint ownership of the university.” NANS, NAOS tackles Oyo State over LAUTECH crisis LAUTECH: Oyetola meets management, ASUU Two Lautech undergraduates, secondary school pupil died in… Osun govt committed to joint ownership of LAUTECH ― Oyetola ALSO READ: Motorists stranded as Warri-Sapele highway collapses “It is, therefore, very disheartening that a group that tagged themselves “Oyo Forum” discredited the progressive move from the Osun State government despite the visibly lopsidedness and inequalities that permeate the joint ownership of the university.” “Their intent to discredit Osun State is malicious and an attempt to drag the university to a standstill. This obviously will be strongly resisted in no small terms by Osun indigenes who, over the years, have contributed immensely to the development and survival of the two campuses.” LAUTECH is a jointly owned university and Osun State will never succumb to clandestine move to steal her assets which she had nurtured to maturity. No person or group can re-write the history of LAUTECH. The university is a heritage of the Yoruba race and no group can lay claim to it or attempt to hijack it.” “Osun United Forum hereby calls upon the public to disregard the release by a group of people whose intent as revealed by their utterances is to disrupt the activities of the university. The release of fund recently made proved that Governor Oyetola is committed to LAUTECH.” “Osun indigenes who are workers in LAUTECH humbly call on the governor of Oyo State to, without further delay, constitute the Oyo State committee that will meet with its Osun counterpart to deliberate on the progress and sustainability of LAUTECH”, the statement concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED !!! CLICK TO CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.!!!