Controversy has greeted the purported sack of thirty-five aides of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo by the Presidency. News filtered the media space on Wednesday that the presidency may have begun the implementation of the sack of some aides on the orders of President Muhammadu Buhari. It was learnt that even when Osinbajo was hoping that the alleged sack of 35 of the aides would be reversed by the president, some of the affected persons on Wednesday had their presidential villa access tags retrieved from them as they reported for work. Some them who reported for work were said to have been approached at the gate by security personnel who seized their tags upon confirming that their names were contained in the list of sacked aides apparently provided for them. An online medium, Daily Nigerian, which on Wednesday reported that Buhari approved the sack of at least 35 out of over 80 aides in the vice president’s office, informed that the affected aides, who were issued appointment letters in August, included some Senior Special Assistants, Special Assistants, Personal Assistants and Technical Assistants. Some of the aides were said to have left their offices by themselves on Wednesday and returned home to avoid being embarrassed. ALSO READ: Alleged N544m grass-cutting scandal: Court admits forensic report against Babachir, others A source close to the vice president’s office confided in the Nigerian Tribune that some of the aides who came to work of Wednesday left on their own accord to stave off any incident with security personnel. Many of the Osinbajo’s aides had earlier been sent out from the villa and accommodated in various ministries and parastatals, which reduced their access to the villa. Osinbajo’s spokesman, Laolu Akande, neither confirmed nor denied the development when asked for his reaction. He told the Nigerian Tribune that he was just emerging from Wednesday’s meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) and had read the reports just like others. “I read it just like others. I will like to find out what is happening,” he said. Reports have been rife that since their re-election, Osinbajo has fallen out of favour with some elements close to President Buhari who are undermining his authority, a situation which has been blamed for the dissolution and replacement of the Economic Management Team hitherto headed by the vice president. Police recover NDE stolen vehicle in Niger Republic Olore “torture centre” not approved by govt as correctional… Revenue generation: N7.5% increase tax bill scales second… Makinde has not fulfilled promises he made to me ― Lanlehin This development has generated reactions on Twitter. Below are some of the tweets. I said it here before that; 'if on the unlikely event, Atiku-Obi loses at the Supreme Court, one single individual that will suffer it most will be Osinbajo' fast forward  Buhari sack 35 aids of Osinbajo…. Naa intro he still dey see…. — Olushola Olufolabi (@olushola_shola) November 6, 2019  From London, Buhari has fired some missiles, sacking over 35 Aides of VP Osinbajo. They would be receiving their termination letters on Thursday. As for Asiwaju Tinubu, his Otapiapia has been prepared. He would be served very hot! #NextLevel o jare! — أنا أؤمن بالله كحامي ومخلصي Jackson Ude (@jacksonpbn) November 6, 2019  You claimed that Buhari sacked 35 Osinbajo aides and we ask you to give two names out of  those aides and their offices but you're yet to come up with just one.What does that say about you? @realFFK@renoomokri — Kemisola Adekunle (@KemisolaAdekun1) November 6, 2019  BREAKING NEWS: A day after signing Deep Offshore and Inland Basin Production Sharing Contract Amendment Bill into law in London, President @MBuhari has approved the sack at least 35 out of over 80 aides in the office of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo. https://t.co/a0UT5pC3hJ — PDP Vanguard (@PDPVanguard) November 6, 2019  Fire on the mountain. The cabal are on assault. Prof is finished . EXCLUSIVE: Buhari fires 35 aides in Osinbajo’s office https://t.co/UnmOZ7Q8mq — John Danfulani (@john_danfulani) November 6, 2019  But wait first: what did they say Osinbajo did to offend Baba this much? — Mazi (@matthewamad) November 5, 2019   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.