Just like immediate past Governor Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo state, former Governor Adebayo Alao Akala has also assumed an observatory mode, noting that a critique of the current Governor Seyi Makinde led administration will be too early. Pointing to his experience as a former governor, Alao Akala said only slow and steady steps were expected to be taken after five months of assumption of office for a Makinde government that has four years mandate. Speaking in Ogbomoso during a recent thanksgiving service for Honourable Wumi Oladeji representing Ogbomoso North constituency, Alao Akala expressed hope that the current administration will take the right steps in governance. “It’s too early for me to comment about what is happening in Oyo state. A journey of four years cannot be assessed within four months. So, we just have to wait to see. Slow and steady, I know we will be there. I have been there before, I know what it is and it’s not enough for me to just praise or criticize,” Alao Akala said. Speaking further, he admonished political office holders to be loyal to their mentors, benefactors and the electorates. According to Alao Akala, those politicians who abandoned their benefactors dug a grave for themselves and usually suffered grave consequences of their actions. He, however, added that politicians should also utilize their offices to add value to the lives of the electorates if they are to remain relevant in the political landscape and in the minds of the people. ALSO READ: FG strengthens effort towards decongesting prisons Those eyeing Oyo gov seat should wait till 2023 — Makinde Appeal Court nullifies APC’s petition against PDP… Appeal Court returns PDP Assembly member #KogiDecides: APC denies attack on Makinde In particular, he described Honourable Wumi Oladeji as one of his mentees that can be relied upon at any point in time. “Loyalty pays; whoever has helped you to be whatever you are in life should not be forgotten. Failure to abide with that simple principle of being loyal to your mentor or benefactor amounts to laying a curse on oneself. Along the line, you think you are smart but along the line, you pay dearly for it. “If you are not loyal, there is a price you pay for it and God always punishes such person. They don’t end well. Take a cursory look at those who have done that, those who have failed their mentor, they don’t end well. This is because the person has dug his grave for himself or herself. “You should also be loyal to those people who voted for you. If you are not responsive to those who voted for you, you will find yourself in trouble. You will pay dearly for it,” Alao Akala added. In her remarks at the service, Honourable Wumi Oladeji expressed dissatisfaction at the few numbers of women in politics, praying that more women will be actively involved in 2023 politicking. Notwithstanding, she assured her constituents of putting forward motions and bills that will positively impact society. In his sermon, presiding pastor of Masifa Baptist Church, Rev (Dr.) Idowu Adetola, enjoined politicians to be grateful to people in their home, their mentors, electorates and everybody irrespective of their political leaning. Adetola maintained that this will go a long way to endear them more to the people. The service had in attendance traditional rulers led by Onpetu of Ijeru, Oba Sunday Oladapo; members of the Oyo State House of Assembly led by the Deputy Speaker, Honourable Abiodun Fadeyi; Senator Fatai Buhari representing Oyo North Senatorial district; Senator Ayoade Adeseun; Senator Brimo Yusuf and Dr Samson Adegoke. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!