The Senate on Tuesday confirmed the nomination of 15 persons for the appointment on board of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), out of 16 names nominated by President Muhammadu Buhari. Senate, rejected the nomination of Dr Joy Nunieh, nominee for Rivers, following her absence at the screening conducted by Senate Committee on Niger Delta Nunieh, who currently serves on the interim committee overseeing activities of NDDC did not communicate to the Senate Committee on Niger Delta over her absence from the screening. The confirmation of the 15 nominees followed the receipt of the report from the committee and consideration of same at the senate committee of the whole. Presenting the report, Chairman of the committee Sen. Peter Nwaboshi (PDP Delta) said the nominees were screened and found suitable to serve on the board of the NDDC in accordance to section 2(2)( a) of the NDDC Act, 2000. He, however, said the nominee for the Rivers did not appear for the screening adding that there was no official communication to the committee on reasons for her absence. Commenting on the report, Sen Ike Ekweremadu (PDP Enugu,) before the confirmation raised the issue of the current interim management of the NDDC noting that the committee was an act of sabotage and should be set aside. President of the Senate, Dr Ahmad Lawan in his remark thanked the Senate particularly the committee on screening and confirmation of the nominees. ALSO READ: Makinde heads Ibadan urban flood project NGO prays court to stop appointment of management of NDDC Court suspends Operation Positive Identification, adjourns… Anambra Govt. hosts first set of NYSC members at permanent… Group raises alarm over community projects vandalism He urged the nominees to justify the trust bestowed on them by the execution of projects for the people of the Niger Delta. He said the nominees, when inaugurated should ensure value for money on projects given the unreputable narratives about NDDC. President Muhammadu Buhari had in a letter dated October 18, forwarded the list of the nominees for the board and management of the NDDC to the Senate. President of Senate, Ahmad Lawan who had announced the list at plenary on October 29, directed the Senate Committee on Niger Delta to conduct the screening of the nominees and report back in one week. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the confirmed nominees are the Chairman, Dr Pius Odubu (Edo), Managing Director, Bernard Okumagba (Delta), Executive Director Projects, Engr. Otobong Ndem (Akwa Ibom). “Executive Director Finance and Admin, Maxwell Okoh (Bayelsa); Delta State representative, Prophet Jones Erue; Mr Victor Ekhatar (Edo) and Nwogu Nwogu Abia. “Others are Theodore Allison (Bayelsa); Victor Antai (Akwa Ibom); Maurice Effiwatt (Cross River), Olugbenga Elema (Ondo); Hon. Uchegbu Kyrian (Imo). North -West nominee Aisha Muhammed, from Kano, Ardo Zubairu representing North- East (Adamawa) and South West Representative Engr. Badmus Mutalib (Lagos). The Senate also at the plenary considered first reading of 11 bills. Among the bills presented for first reading are Pension Reform Act Amendment Bill, 2019 sponsored by Sen Wamakko Aliyu (APC-Sokoto) and National Agricultural Development Fund Establishment Bill, 2019 sponsored by Sen. Adamu Abdullahi (APC-Nasarawa). (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now,Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today,And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. New Discovery Reveals Herbal Mixture that Completely treats Staphylococcus, syphilis,  gonorrhea, toilet infections and other std without relapse! Click Now.