THE Social Democratic Party (SDP) governorship candidate, Barr Natasha Akpoti has rejected the result of the November 16 governorship election in Kogi State, calling for the cancellation of the poll. The SDP candidate called on the INEC to cancel the election in Kogi Central Senatorial District and some other parts of Lokoja and order a rerun. This is as a result of what she described as “irregularities, intimidation, violence amongst others” that marred the Saturday election. In a petition addressed to the Chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Professor Mahmood Yakubu, the SDP candidate said election did not hold in 780 polling units in Kogi Central as result of violence by APC thugs whom she said attacked voters, electoral officials, and destroyed electoral materials. “The APC-led thugs were shooting at voters which resulted in the death of voters. The thugs in most cases were shielded by security agents who are supposed to provide security for the citizenry. “What happened in Kogi Central and other parts of the state is a far cry from a credible election. Ballot boxes were destroyed and burnt in Okene, Adavi, Ajaokuta, Ogori Magongo and Okehi local government areas and other parts of the state. BREAKING: INEC declares APC’s David Lyon winner of… BREAKING: INEC declares Kogi West Senatorial election rerun… BREAKING: APC scores highest votes as INEC announces final… #BayelsaDecides: Residents in jubilation as APC leads ALSO READ: #KogiDecides2019: Bello leads in 15 LGs, Wada kicks “SDP agents were chased away from the various polling units of Kogi Central Senatorial, in some polling units SDP agents were tied with ropes by APC thugs in Okene local government, our agents were not even allowed to come near the polling units as APC thugs were seen brandishing guns and announcing to voters not come and vote unless they were to only vote APC,” the petition said. According to the petition, there were no result sheets in some polling units, 2015 stamped ballot papers were used in the conduct of the election and in most cases SDP was written with pencil on the result sheet. “Ballot papers already thumb printed by voters in favour of SDP already tucked into the ballot boxes were sorted out by APC led thugs and burnt,” it said. The SDP governorship candidate stated that it is clear the election did not hold in 780 polling unit of Kogi Central Senatorial District and Kogi State at large and the results cannot be emanating from where election did not hold. “The election as it is now cannot pass the test of fairness and credibility. Whatever gains INEC seem to have achieved in the conduct f election in the past will be completely eroded if the election in Kogi Central Senatorial District and some other part of Kogi State is allowed to stand,” the petition stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY!!