CLAIM: Eddy Duru, the Founder/President of RARDUJA International, a non-governmental organisation recently claimed  that: ·   30,000 illegal Nigerians face deportation from Germany CONCLUSION: THE CLAIM IS FALSE FULL TEXT: Eddy Duru, the Founder/President of RARDUJA International, A non-governmental organisation on Jun 9, 2019, claimed that 30,000 illegal Nigerians face deportation from Germany. He disclosed this at a one-day sensitisation on the dangers of illegal migration at Alvana Secondary School, Owerri, Imo state. “We are bringing the information that as we speak, Germany is planning to deport as many as over 30,000 Nigerians. The discussion is ongoing with the top ministries to that effect. These are illegal immigrants but still many are trying to leave Nigeria to Europe or elsewhere unplanned. “Also, there are drastic measures across European countries on illegal migration. So, we are here to educate the students and Nigerians in general on the dangers of journeying abroad illegally.” “Germany said it has about 25,000 to 30,000 Nigerians seeking asylum and they can’t guarantee they will get it. So, there is every possibility that they will be returned to Nigeria,” “Some who are from the East and West are saying they are running away from Boko Haram while some others say they are gays and were having challenges expressing themselves in Nigeria.” Earlier before Duru’s claim, the Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Diaspora and Foreign Affairs, Hon. Abike Dabiri Erewa, on June 5, 2018, when speaking at a programme on the topic: “Developing a mixed migration strategy for UNHCR Nigeria,” in Abuja, also said  that, “Germany is planning to deport about 25,000 to 30,000 Nigerians seeking asylum in the country because they are seeking asylum over reasons that are not genuine.” VERIFYING THE CLAIM: THE CLAIM IS FALSE; GERMANY IS NOT PLANNING TO DEPORT 30,000 NIGERIANS Both Eddy Duru and Abike Dabiri Erewa are wrong because Germany is not planning to deport 30,000 Nigerians over any illegal migration, Sophia Sabrow, First Secretary, Political Affairs, Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany in Abuja disclosed to Tribune Online. Cabinet formation: Bringing members of other parties may… Missing vehicles: Ajimobi got the facts wrong — Oyo govt Peaceful coexistence: Osun a role model to other states ―… PDP governors condemn killing of Police officers, commercial… Sabrow in an email disclosed to Tribune Online that the figure of people set for deportation in Germany is fictitious and that Germany prefers a voluntary return to forced returns, saying that the country even offers various kinds of support to returnees. “The figure stated in the media quoted by you is incorrect. “In the first four months this year 92 Nigerian nationals were returned to Nigeria. In the same time period, 53 Nigerians chose to return voluntarily using financial and organizational aid of the Federal Republic of Germany. Currently, around 10,000 Nigerian nationals are legally obliged to leave Germany and to return to Nigeria. “The German government prefers a voluntary return to forced returns and offers various kinds of support which can be found on the website www.returningfromgermany.de. Additionally, a centre for migration, job and reintegration have been established in Lagos which offers support also to returnees.” Also, when Tribune Online contacted Deutsche Gesellschaft fur Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ), Nigerian-German Centre for Jobs Migration and Reintegration, a centre established to provide migration and reintegration advice to both returning migrants and the local population, and carries out employability promotion measures, including referral services to targeted vocational skills development and entrepreneurial trainings, the Team Leader, Sandra Vermuijten, disclosed to Tribune Online that although she could not confirm the information but urged that the German embassy be contacted. “I cannot confirm this information. A large number of Nigerians currently in Germany that have requested asylum and whose appeals were rejected are expected to leave the country and return to Nigeria. ALSO READ: FACT CHECK: Is Akure airport the second fastest growing airport by passenger traffic in Nigeria? “If you want to get more information on deportation please contact the German embassy in Abuja.” While speaking on behalf of the Nigerian in Diaspora (NIDO) Germany Chapter, the Financial Secretary of the association, Kazeem Ojoye, disclosed to Tribune Online that the claim is false in its entirety and that no amount of such Nigerians are set for deportation in Germany, such as he urged that the German Embassy in Berlin be contacted for more information. “It is false, Germany is not planning to deport 30,000 Nigerians, and you can contact the German embassy in Berlin for more information” Tribune Online was also able to gather from Mohammed Bello Musa Anka Minister/Consular & Immigration, Nigerian embassy, Berlin, Germany that the claim is false. “This was fake news that made the rounds a long time ago. There is no such number of Nigerians scheduled for deportation.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...