 Some students of the University confirmed that classes and lecture halls were opened but stated that all the non-academic staff abstained from their offices. Speaking on the strike action,  the Chairman of FUTA JAC, Mr Dele Durojaiye, disclosed that there was total compliance by the workers of the institution. He said: We are happy to inform you that we have recorded 100 percent compliance on the national warning strike directives at the FUTA Branch of our Unions, to this end the warning strike continues tomorrow Tuesday 20th August 2019 through Friday 23rd. “We are calling on the Federal Government to quickly honour the *MOUs reached with us earlier in March 2018 on; Payment of N30billion naira Earned Allowances from 2009 to 2012 and part of 2013 to 2016 Implementation of the National Industrial Court, Abuja judgment of 5th December, 2016 on the Staff Primary School Teachers and payment of their areas of salaries; and Renegotiation of the 2009 agreement which ought to have been reviewed thrice till date starting from 2013, 2015 % 2018. “At the end of this five days warning strike if the government fail to do the needful,  the Unions will review the warning strike but if the Federal Government refuses to honour the Memorandum of Understanding reached with us at various times on the same issues in the last 2yrs, then indefinite Total & Comprehensive strike is inevitable” He, however, warned members of the unions not to renege on the action and said “we equally use this medium to urge all members to respect themselves as our monitoring teams run on shifts till late in the night and shall be available to deal with erring members. “No concession whatsoever has been given to any member or any office. We have not reached any agreement for concession of any office with anyone,” However, workers of the  Ondo State-owned, Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba Akoko (AAUA), were said to be going on with their normal activities while the workers have not complied with the directives. A source within the school disclosed to Nigerian Tribune that members of the NASU and SSANU in the school were contemplating whether to join the strike or not. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...