AN NGO, Olori Aderonke Omolola Erinle (OAOE) Foundation, is set to inaugurate an Old People’s Home, where vulnerable older citizens would be cared and catered for. Its Founder, Mrs Aderonke Erinle, who made this known on Wednesday in Lagos, said that the home would provide a decent and wholesome environment for the vulnerable aged. Erinle, who said that the inauguration would hold on Sept. 14, urged well-meaning Nigerians, and other organisations to support the foundation. ALSO READ: Release Sowore, Osundare tells Buhari According to her, as a not-for-profit organisation, the foundation advocates and propagates the need to help, invigorate, and rehabilitate the senior citizens in the country. “With our motto, which is “Positively Affecting Lives”, our mission is to dispense total care by providing financial assistance and emotional support to the vulnerable. “Also, our vision is touching lives, creating change, redefining hope and dispensing hope, as we engage help and grant all forms of support to the aged. “We will like to invite in-partnership, prestigious organisations to come and sponsor the foundation at our charity and fundraising ball scheduled to hold on Sept. 14 in Lagos,’’ she said. Erinle said that the foundation would be working in partnership with the Lagos State Government in ensuring smooth admittance of the aged into the home. BREAKING: El-Zakzaky frustrating doctors, prefers to stay in… BREAKING: Buhari suspends Obono-Obla over corruption… ICYMI: Army deploys four mine-resistant vehicles for… I won’t let you down, Senator Oriolowo assures… According to her, there will be background checks and conditions to be met before admission can take place. “Anybody coming into the home will have to pass through the state government because we are individuals, and we have laws guiding us; so we have to respect it. “We are going to have enough personnel of the aged, because at that age, between 70 and above, the vulnerable need to be looked after properly, and under proper supervision. “We are going to put measures in place to make sure the aged get the adequate care they deserve,’’ she said. Also, Mr Folarin Shobo, a member of the Board of Governors of OAOE, said that the country lacked provisions for the older citizens to live comfortable lives. Shobo urged the government to create and implement policies that would make older citizens to live respectable lives having laboured at a younger age. “The aged need to be entitled by right to some government attention that will make life bearable for them. “The government needs to make and implement policies that will make transportation easy for them, and also healthcare needs. “We are going to do the best we can to assist the government to formulate policies that will help families to have functional homes,’’ he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...