Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council (OYC) Worldwide has said that the activities of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) will end in the country when all tribes in Nigeria, support Igbo Presidency 2023 with a Northerner as Vice President. According to President General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, in a statement issued to newsmen in Abakaliki, on Wednesday, said IPOB is sponsored to fighting against Igbo presidential materials and potentials from South East. ALSO READ: IPOB, Ohanaeze crisis deepens, as IPOB bars Ohanaeze from speaking for Igbos He maintained that giving the presidency to the South-East zone we end all sorts of harassment and blackmail from any desperate group as Igbo’s will be happier and activities of IPOB will fizzle out like a vapour in the country. LSEB, NCDMB train 50 participants on practical technical… DSS, INEC seek legislation against fake news Osun election tribunal set to deliver judgment in three… Jumia to host NBA star, Andre Iguodala’s interactive… The group in the statement also passed a Vote of Confidence on the current leadership of South-East Governors led by Governor Umahi and assured them that they remained the political leaders of the Igbo in this present time. The statement reads: “With realisation of Igbo Presidency in 2023, the fears in some quarters especially from Prominent Northern groups and leaders over the recent antecedents of ipob towards destroying the Trust and endangering the prospect of a Nigerian President of Igbo stock in 2023. “IPOB activities will bring the realisation of Nigeria President of Igbo stock, with insinuation that IPOB activities is working against Igbo Presidential materials and potentials from South-East, Nigerians might opt for full compensation for the marginalised South-East by voting en mass for an Igbo to emerge as President in 2023 as they compensated the Yorubas in 1999, When OPC and NADECO plus Abiola issue brought Chief Olusegun Obasanjo as President. “We understood the circumstances that led to Dr Goodluck Jonathan to be Vice President,later President in order to quell the activities of Niger Delta militants, and how Boko Haram insecurity led to the emergency of President Muhammadu Buhari, what’s good for the goose is also good for the gander. “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide assures Nigerians especially Arewa Consultative Forum, Northern Elders Forum, and Coalition of Northern groups, that We are determined to seal our age-long relationship as Old allies and partners since 1960 as we Commence our Consultation meetings soon, Igbos will Present one of the Current South East Governors as a Worthy Successor of President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023, we thereby Passed Vote of Confidence on the Current leadership of South East Governors led by Gov umahi,and assured them that they remained the political leaders of Igbos in this present time. “ SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...