The Yaba College of Technology ( Yabatech) has won 100,000 dollars Ford Foundation Project grant for the development of an art museum. The project expected to incorporate advocacy against sexual harassment and gender-based violence will be supervised by a team that made the proposal for the research grant. The team include Dr A. Abiodun, Yabatech’s Chief Lecturer in the Department of Chemical Science, Dr Funmilayo Doherty, a Principal Lecturer in the Department of Biological Science, and Mrs Odun Orimolade, a Principal Lecturer in the Department of Fine Art. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Prof. Paul Nwulu, Senior Programme Officer, Ford Foundation, announced the grant during a visit to the proposed site for the museum. Plateau varsity to commence faculties of health sciences,… FCE OYO staff, students eulogise Provost on performance BUK expels 24 students over fake entry qualification UNICEF partners Bauchi govt to tackle challenges of… ALSO READ: Buhari receives Guinean President Alpha Conde in Daura Nwulu said that the partnership between the college and the foundation was that of progress and development. The Rector of the college, Mr Obafemi Omokungbe, thanked Ford Foundation for the grant and gave the assurance that the college would carry out the project effectively. NAN reports that Ford Foundation officials and principal officers of the college also visited the location designated for the project at the basement of Yabatech’s School of Art, Design and Printing. The project will be under the monitoring of the West African Office of Ford Foundation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...