Governors of the states making up the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) have kicked against the recomposition of the board as announced by the federal government on Wednesday. They met in Abuja on Thursday night to assess the new board appointment approved by President Muhammadu Buhari and resolved to meet with the president to discuss their concerns. The states involved include Abia, Bayelsa, Cross River, Delta, Edo, Imo, Ondo and Rivers. The meeting took place at Bayelsa State Lodge in Maitama, Abuja. In the new appointment approved by the President, former Edo State Governor, Dr Pius Odubu emerged as the Chairman-designate. A statement issued by the office of the Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF) on Wednesday had also named  Bernard Okumagba from Delta State, as Managing Director of the commission. The 16-man new board also has as members, Otobong Ndem from Akwa Ibom, who was appointed as the Executive Director, Projects; Maxwell Okoh from Bayelsa State; Jones Erue from Delta State; Victor Ekhatar from Edo State; Joy Nunieh from Rivers State; Nwogu Nwogu from Abia State; Theodore Allison from Bayelsa State; Victor Antai from Akwa Ibom State; Maurice Effiwatt from Cross River State; Olugbenga Elema from Ondo State; Uchegbu Kyrian from Imo State; and Aisha Muhammed from Kano State representing North-West area on the board. Politician, 2 others arrested over decomposing corpse of… Kogi Guber; SDP Certifies Natasha’ s Candidature Buhari commends supportive role played by NURTW members… Chibok Girls, Leah Sharibu, Sowore: Nigerians to protest… Ardo Zubairu from Adamawa State is to represent the North-East; while Badmus Mutalib from Lagos State will represent the South-West region on the board. ALSO READ: Bauchi gets N800m from FG to control flooding But addressing journalists after the meeting, Governor Dickson noted that there had been a protest in some places over the new appointments and appealed to the people of the Niger Delta to remain calm. He said the governors were unanimous in their concern about the governance process in the NDDC and the way and manner the recent appointments were made. “Accordingly, we have decided that as soon as it is convenient for Mr President, we intend to have an audience with him,” he said. Dickson noted that even though the states were critical partners in the commission, they had not been carried along. At the meeting were Governor Rotimi Akeredolu (Ondo), Godwin Obaseki (Edo), Udom Emmanuel (Akwa Ibom) the host, Dickson (Bayelsa). Imo and Abia were represented by their deputy governors. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...