The chairman of Bunu Hunters and also head of vigillante, in Kabba-Bunu Local Government Area of Kogi State, Caleb Oshe, and his son, Sunday Oshe, have been murdered by unknown gunmen in the early hours on Tuesday. Tribune Online gathered from a reliable source that some armed men invaded the residence of the Chairman of the Vigillante at about 3:00 am on Tuesday. The source further said that they broke into his house and then gunned him down and his son before escaping from the scene. However, it was the sound of the gunshots that woke people up and on getting to the scene they met the  Chairman and the son in a pool of their own blood. Meanwhile, Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has condemned the killing of the Chairman of Bunu Hunters, Caleb Oshe, and his son, Sunday Oshe, saying security agencies have been charged to ensure those behind the murder are apprehended and made to face the full wrath of the law. In a statement issued on Tuesday through the Director General of Media and Publicity to the Governor, Evangelist Kingsley Fanwo, a copy which was made available to Tribune Online, Governor Bello said the killing is “unacceptable to his Government and the people of Kogi State,” urging for restraints as security agencies have been deployed to ensure the arrest of the murderers. “As the Governor of the State, the security of lives and property is what I have sworn to protect. It is therefore, unacceptable to us as a people for anyone to murder our citizens. Tribune NUJ commends Seyi Makinde over Moses Alao’s… Do not select moneybags as my successor, Awujale tells… One killed, seven injured as police attempt to arrest… I’ll appoint an expert as agriculture minister ― Buhari “Every life is important to us and we will stop at nothing to unravel the masterminds of the heinous crime. “Our administration has placed premium attention on security and it is therefore, unfortunate that we still have flashes of such dastardly act. “It is too early to attribute the killings to anyone and no one should take laws into his or her hands. The late Caleb Osho was not only the head of the Vigilante Group in Suku, but also the person responsible for logging activities in the community. “Given the centrality of Suku Community to the politics and economy of the area, we have no choice than to allow security agencies launch a full scale investigation into the circumstances leading to the crime. We will support them to achieve success. “I directed the State Security Adviser to mobilize security agencies to the place which had been done. Our people must be safe from the pangs of Anti-Social criminals who will surely lose the battle against our well woven security architecture. “I commiserate with the family of late Mr Oshe and the entire Suku community for the irreparable loss. All I can assure you at this moment is that we will ensure justice is done and that we will spread our security dragnet to avert this kind of security issue,” The Governor warned the people in the affected area not to launch any reprisals; assuring them that the security agents on ground have all it takes, not only to protect them, but to also apprehend the murderers. “I have directed the Security Agencies to make sure the entire area is well combed to ensure anyone bearing unauthorized arm is made to face the wrath of the law,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...