The Rotary Club of Ibadan, Jericho Metro District 9125  has called for philanthropic funding and partnership to reverse the trend of preventable blindness in the country. The humanitarian organisation made this call during a community eye outreach conducted in Kuola, Apata area of Ibadan on Tuesday. The eye outreach which involved free eye screening, free cataract surgery and free drugs was conducted by the Rotary Club in collaboration with the Ophthalmology Department of the University College Hospital, Ibadan and Kakanfo Inn and Conference Centre, Ibadan. The President of Rotary Club, Jericho Metro, Mrs Bisi Yomi-Layinka, said that through their collaborative support, Rotarians would easily reach out to hundreds of thousands of people across the country who have limited access to quality and timely healthcare. “We have been having this programme for five years in partnership with UCH and Kakanfo Inn in schools and communities. Since inception, about 5,000 people have benefitted with 20 participants benefitting from our free cataract operations. “Today [last Tuesday],  we are looking to screen 150 persons while two participants will benefit from the free cataract operation; two identified beneficiaries will be expected to follow the team to UCH today to enable the operation to be done tomorrow[yesterday]. She reiterated that members of the club would continue to undertake meaningful initiatives that will impact the lives of many people, especially in rural areas. “We seize this opportunity to call on other individuals and corporate organisations to join hands with us by sponsoring this project so that it can reach more communities and a wider audience,” she said. PCN trains 70 community pharmacists on HIV testing,… Practitioners seek FG’s  support over fertility  treatment Distress vital sign to monitor in cancer patients —Experts Why Nigeria must monitor antibiotics for sale in markets… The Chief Nursing Officer at the Community Eye Outreach Department, UCH, Mrs Grace Illuyomade, said that cataract and glaucoma are two leading causes of preventable blindness in the country. She said that the public health burden of preventable blindness remained cumbersome due to lack of easy access to healthcare, untimely medical intervention poverty and low level of public awareness. “Preventable blindness is blindness which could be either treated or prevented by known means. “Although there are many other causes of vision loss, glaucoma and cataract are the two leading causes in the country. “We are appealing to philanthropists and well-meaning Nigerians to come to the aid of these indigent patients, many of whom cannot afford surgical fees, and this has resulted in blindness in many cases,” she said. Illuyomade said by helping to improve the lives of people in rural areas, it will contribute to efforts aimed at solving the problem of preventable blindness in the rural communities. An octogenarian, Ahmadu Bello, who was diagnosed with cataract during the free screening said that the outreach was a worthy cause for those who couldn’t afford medical checks. Bello said he had been experiencing the symptoms for over two years, but ignorance and cost of medical care made him helpless from seeking intervention. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...