Buhari Osinbajo Hope Movement (BOHM) has charged the ministers newly inaugurated by President Muhammadu Buhari to come up with a blueprint that would transform the nation’s economy and improve on the wellbeing of Nigerians. BOHM, while noting that there were challenges to build on the foundations that had been laid in the last four years, said the APC-led government had an urgent task to lift Nigerians out of poverty, secure lives and property, grow the economy, build infrastructure, “bring back honour to our private and public conducts and mobilize the citizens through personal examples towards evolving a Nigeria we all can be proud of.” National Coordinator of the group, Seyi Bamigbade, gave the charge in a statement made available to newsmen in Lagos, even as he urged the new ministers to justify the confidence reposed in them by President Muhammadu Buhari and, indeed, all Nigerians. He said they should do this by settling down to work quickly, hit the ground running and consolidate on the progress that had been made in the various sectors. “We, therefore, urge the new ministers to justify the confidence reposed in them by the President and, indeed, all Nigerians, by settling down to work quickly and hit the ground running and consolidate on the progress that has been made in the various sectors,” Bamigbade said. ALSO READ: Society refutes pre-wedding HIV tests Makinde swears in 27-year-old Fakorede, 2 others as… Beware of fraudulent loan offers, CBN warns Buhari greets Olubadan of Ibadan at 91 Presidential poll: Tribunal slates Sept 13 to decide Buhari,… This was just as BOHM national coordinator noted that the president in picking the new ministers had further displayed his commitment to deliver on his campaign promises. The group also hailed Buhari and his party, All Progressives Congress (APC) for the orientation exercise designed to acquaint the news ministers with the onerous task of assisting the president in repositioning the economy, ensuring the security of lives and property and fighting corruption. “While the APC-led administration has recorded amazing milestones in these three areas, we align with the position of the president that there is more work to be done to fully unlock the opportunities for the private sector,” he said. Bamigbade, while noting that President Buhari’s visionary leadership and statesmanship would translate to improved living standards for the people when concerted efforts were made by the people, equally urged the newly-inaugurated ministers to ensure teamwork amongst themselves so as to create concord in the supremacy structure. According to him, this is the only way cooperation can be achieved in policy operation and overall execution of the Next Level manifesto for the country. “We join the President in calling on the newly-inaugurated ministers to ensure teamwork amongst themselves so as to create concord in the supremacy structure. This is the only way we can achieve cooperation in our policy operation and overall execution of our Next Level manifesto for the country,” Bamigbade said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...