Two Nigerian men, Valentine Iro, 33, and Chukwudi Christogunus Igbokwe were arrested on Thursday by American security agents who clamped down on fraudsters attempting to swindle unsuspecting victims of $40 million in internet fraud. The US authorities had announced charges against 80 people, most of them Nigerians, in a wide-ranging fraud and money laundering operation that netted millions of dollars from victims of internet con jobs. Both Iro and Igbokwe arrested alongside 78 others were indicted of defrauding people of at least $6 million in fraudulently obtained funds transferred through a money-laundering network. According to AFP report, Federal prosecutors unsealed the dozens of indictments after 17 people were arrested and taken into custody in Los Angeles and elsewhere in the United States. Most of the remainder of those indicted were believed to be in Nigeria, the US Justice Department said. ALSO READ: Over 1,000 guns found in dead man’s house in US The suspects allegedly targeted the lovelorn, the elderly, and small and large businesses, using a variety of scams to persuade their victims to send money over the internet. “Some of the victims of the conspiracy lost hundreds of thousands of dollars to fraud schemes, and many were elderly,” the Justice Department said. They were among those arrested. Attempted thefts amounted to at least $40 million, it said. “Billions of dollars are lost annually, and we urge citizens to be aware of these sophisticated financial schemes to protect themselves or their businesses from becoming unsuspecting victims,” said Paul Delacourt, assistant director in charge of the FBI’s Los Angeles office. Nigeria, peace is the key Cancellation of pre-shipment inspection fuelling insurgency,… At coronation anniversary, Erinmo celebrates culture,… FG to recover N614 billion outstanding debt from 35 state… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...