THE Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN) also known as Shiites, on Wednesday, alleged that their leader, Sheikh Ibraheem El-Zakzaky and his wife, Zeenat, are no longer safe at Madenta hospital in New Delhi, India. The group said information reaching them was that Sheikh Zakzaky was given two hours ultimatum by the Nigerian government to sign and agree that he was a criminal before any doctor would attend to him. Addressing newsmen in Abuja, the Secretary-General, Academic Forum of the movement, Abdullahi Muhammad Musa further alleged that Nigerian government through the security operatives that escorted them to India acted in contrary to what was earlier stated in Kaduna High Court by devising new types of plots to frustrate his doctors from offering emergency treatment to them. According to him, the operatives refused to allow the doctors the Sheik requested to treat him and his wife. “Sheikh Zakzaky in an audio clip from the hospital indicated that the security agents are colluding with foreign security agents believed to be working for the interest of America government thereby violating the Nigerian court ruling. BREAKING: El-Zakzaky frustrating doctors, prefers to stay in… BREAKING: Buhari suspends Obono-Obla over corruption… ICYMI: Army deploys four mine-resistant vehicles for… I won’t let you down, Senator Oriolowo assures… ALSO READ: Alleged money laundering: Atiku’s son-in-law, lawyer arraigned, remanded in EFCC custody “Even before he arrived at the hospital, we gathered from a competent source that officials of the American embassy in India instructed management of the hospital not to admit Sheikh there for the treatment. “The source added that even as the doctors were enthusiastically waiting to receive the Sheikh to save his life, the American secret agents have threatened the hospital officials not to go ahead to treat the Sheikh at the hospital. “It is mandatory for the Nigerian government to immediately do the needful and allow Sheikh Zakzaky to see his doctors and shun all interests of any entity that does not care for the well being of Nigeria and humanity at large,” he added. He, therefore, called on the international community and people of conscience and humanity, especially those who facilitated El-Zakzaky’s travelling to India for treatment to prevail on the Federal Government to stop playing with his life. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...