The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) agents, Tuesday morning, raided the residence of former Governor Akinwumi Ambode of Lagos state, in Epe area of the state. Residents who came out in solidarity protested the raiding of Ambode’s house by the EFCC agents and resisted their entry. However, as of the press hour, Ambode’s house is currently being searched. Likewise, the house of one of  top aide to Ambode who resides at Agric area in Papa, Epe, is also being searched by the EFCC. Tony Orilade, who is EFCC spokesman, has confirmed the development to the media. The EFCC, had on August 7, 2019, said it had frozen three bank accounts linked to the immediate past Governor of Lagos State, Akinwunmi Ambode, containing a total of N9.9 billion. The anti-graft body in a press statement by its spokesman, Tony Orilade, entitled, “EFCC Secures Freezing Order on Accounts Linked to Ex-Gov. Ambode over Alleged N9.9bn Fraud,” said Justice Chuka Obiozor of the Federal High Court sitting in Ikoyi, Lagos, on Tuesday ordered the freezing of the sum of N9.9 billion belonging to the Lagos State Government. Justice Chuka Obiozor of a Federal High Court in Lagos, on Tuesday, ordered that three bank accounts said to belong to the Lagos State Government be frozen over an alleged fraud of N9.9bn. The three affected bank accounts are domiciled in three top generation banks, also numbered 5617984012, 0060949275 and 1011691254, respectively. Kwara Assembly approves dissolution of three commissions World Humanitarian Day: Red Cross seek more support from… Court orders wife to return carpet, mattress to husband Nestlé, IITA engage youth agripreneurs on access to… Specifically, the Judge ordered the freezing of the bank accounts following an ex parte application by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). The anti graft agency had asked the judge to freeze the accounts pending the conclusion of the investigation and possible prosecution of the Permanent Secretary in the Office of the Chief of Staff to the Governor of Lagos State, Adewale Adesanya, for money laundering. In an affidavit filed in support of the ex parte application, a member of the EFCC investigating team, Kungmi Daniel, said the commission discovered “a huge inflow of N9,927,714,443.29” from the state accounts into one of the bank accounts opened on September 17, 2018 during the administration of former governor Akinwunmi Ambode and operated by Adesanya. Daniel said the schedule of the bank account showed how Adesanya and the other signatories to the account made fraudulent transfers from the accounts of the Lagos State Government and dissipated the funds housed in the said accounts. “The trend in the account is that the account always witnessed huge inflow from Lagos State Government in the above-scheduled accounts managed by the respondent (Adesanya),” the investigator said. ALSO READ: [ICYMI] El-Zakzaky to Indian official: Your hospital, a prison for me living in well furnished house next to Senate President – VIDEO Presidency queries Fowler over ‘poor’ performance ‘Directive to CBN halting Forex issuance not ban on food import‘ Buhari, APC urge tribunal to dismiss Atiku, PDP’s petition on… Attack on Ekweremadu, show of shame ― Rep Deputy minority leader The EFCC prayed the court to grant it an order to temporarily attach and take over the accounts to enable it to conclude its investigations. “There have been concerted efforts and attempts to dissipate the contents of the accounts listed in the schedule to this application. “Without freezing the nominated accounts and temporarily forfeiting the money to the Government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, there is no way the fraud being perpetrated using the scheduled accounts can be stopped,” the EFCC said. Justice Obiozor granted the prayers of the EFCC, while further proceedings have been adjourned till August 9, 2019.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...