An 80-year-old woman said to have been raped by unknown persons was, on Monday morning, found lying on the floor, dead, inside her house with her mouth stuffed with clothes. The octogenarian, Jedidah Wanjiru, according to a Kenya’s news medium, Daily Nation, had bruises on her neck, suggesting that she could have been strangled to death. The sad incident reportedly occurred at Kanyange village, Kirinyaga County, in Kenya. The family is now crying for justice following the brutal killing of their kin, report said. Report said the door of the old woman’s house was not broken and family members suspected that the killers could have stormed into the house on Sunday night before the victim, who lived alone, went to sleep. The victim’s son, Stephen Weru, told Daily Nation that he went to milk cows for her mother and found the door wide open and became suspicious that something was amiss. “When I entered I saw my mother in the bedroom lying dead and I was shocked,” Weru said. According to report, he hurriedly informed other family members and the matter was reported to Baricho Police Station. Cabinet formation: Bringing members of other parties may… Missing vehicles: Ajimobi got the facts wrong — Oyo govt Peaceful coexistence: Osun a role model to other states ―… PDP governors condemn killing of Police officers, commercial… Moments later, report said police arrived at the scene and took the body of the woman to Jamii Hospital mortuary. Also, the woman’s brother, Mr Muriuki Kamakia, speaking with Daily Nation, said nothing was stolen from the victim. “I think the killers were only interested in killing my sister because all the house goods were found intact,” Kamakia said. The eldest son of the victim, Mr Joseph Wachira, was quoted as saying: “We want the matter investigated and the killers brought to book.” Daily Nation reported that the Assistant Chief Moses Muriuki said he was at home when received a report that the old woman had been killed. “When I heard what had happened, I rushed to the scene only to find the victim inside the house dead,” Muriuki said. The administrator said the motive behind the heinous act could to be immediately established. He asked the residents to cooperate with the police and volunteer information which could lead to the arrest of the killers. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...