The Forum of Commissioners of Finance, Budget and National Planning in Nigeria, has hailed the appointment of the new minister of finance, Hajia Zainab Shamsuna Ahmed, into the Federal Executive Council (FEC). The chairman of the forum, Asiwaju Idris Ashiru, in a statement on behalf of the forum on Thursday, said Ahmed’s appointment as finance minister was well deserved. Asiru, who is also the Kogi state commissioner of finance, said the reappointment and promotion were rewards for her hard work and diligence to duty. Ashiru said that Ahmed’s appointment was as a round peg in a round hole, saying her reappointment and elevation as finance minister, budget and national planning would help in sustaining the achievements made by the President Mohammadu Buhari led administration in building a solid economy. According to Asiru, the forum had worked with the new minister before and would be willing to collaborate with her to drive the economic policies of the federal government. Nigeria, peace is the key Cancellation of pre-shipment inspection fuelling insurgency,… At coronation anniversary, Erinmo celebrates culture,… FG to recover N614 billion outstanding debt from 35 state… ALSO READ: How Boko Haram insurgents attacked Gubio town ― LG Boss The forum added that Ahmed’s hard work and meticulous handling of the Finance Ministry when she first served that brought out her financial and managerial prowess made Buhari add extra two ministries to her office. While describing the Finance, Budget and National Planning Minister as an embodiment of economic and development policies that helped bailed the country out of the bad economic policies of the past, Idris said her appointment was a blessing for the economic and finance sector. The forum said it has no doubt in the continued capacity and sagacity of the minister to deliver on her new assignment, adding that as a financial expert of no mean standing the forum was confident that she would surpass past records. The forum expressed its deep appreciation to President Mohammadu Buhari for the confidence reposed on the reappointed and promoted Finance, Budget and National Planning Minister, assuring that Hajia Zainab Ahmed would justify the reappointment. While wishing the new Finance, Budget and Planning Minister a successful tenure as she brings her vast experience to bear in the management of the nations financial sector, the forum prayed to God to protect and guide her as she pilots the affairs of the Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning to an enviable height. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...