ARCHBISHOP Adewale Martins of the Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos has condemned the recent attitude where some youths promote nudity instead of chastity in the name of entertainment. The archbishop spoke during the final profession of seven reverend sisters of the Congregation of Eucharistic Heart of Jesus (EHJ) at Saint Agnes Catholic Church, Maryland, in Lagos. “Our musicians and the entertainment industry as a whole do not care about morality and fear of God anymore. They are busy promoting nudity through their profession,” he said. Buhari’s ‘officer cadet’ qualification not known to law, Atiku, PDP insist Martins urged Nigerians to pray for God’s mercy so that both the young and the old would be able to uphold chastity and practise obedience at the expense of nudity. When GOMAN led top Nigerians, clerics to National Altar  of… CAN in Kano urges Buhari to review security architecture Day CAC Ibadan taught parents, Christians  how to overcome… Excitement as cleric fetes  children, others in Delta Martins said that the world had lost obedience and respect for chastity and morality and thus thrown morals and decency to the winds. According to him, freedom has been mistaken for licence and that is one of the reasons the world today has lost the conscience of decency and morality. He said that the world, comprising those in the religious circle and the rest of the society, had stopped seeing the need to practise chastity. “There is no more obedience to chastity; we need to pray for our priests and religious leaders so that they will be able to avoid the various challenges facing them in the world,” he said. He said that as the Catholic Church throughout the world celebrated the feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary today, they should also uphold chastity which she symbolised during her life time. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...