Prelate of the Methodist Church Nigeria, His Eminence, Dr Samuel Uche has decried growing insecurity in the country, saying it is high time the Federal Government closed its borders to stem the further influx of illegal aliens into the country. His Eminence, Dr Uche also urged the Federal Government to engage the services of some of the ex-Biafra soldiers who manufactured mass destruction weapons called “Ogbunigwe” during the civil war to help the regular Nigerian security forces to curtail the activities of miscreants who he said are allegedly being sponsored by some people to destabilize the country. Uche who made the call while briefing reporters on Monday at the end of his apostolic tour of South-East zone pointed out that some of the men that operated “Ogbunigwe Bomb” during the civil war are still living. According to him, the ex-Biafra soldiers are capable of clearing the Sambisa Forest within few days, adding that they should be invited to rescue the country from the hands of miscreants who gradually holding the nation hostage. “Let them invite our people to solve the problem of insecurity in Nigeria. Those who operated Ogbinigwe are not dead. Igbos can handle arms and sophisticated weapons. If given the opportunity, Biafrans are capable of clearing the Sambisa Forest. Sambisa Forest can be cleared in five days,” he said. ALSO READ: Court urged to declare IPOB leader, Kanu, fugitive Makinde swears in 27-year-old Fakorede, 2 others as… Beware of fraudulent loan offers, CBN warns Buhari greets Olubadan of Ibadan at 91 Presidential poll: Tribunal slates Sept 13 to decide Buhari,… The Leader and Head of Methodist Church Nigeria also suggested that state police should be established while vigilante groups should be empowered arms to stem the increasing rate of crime and other anti-social vices in the country. He also remarked that Islamic extremists are plotting for a war in the country, appealing to the authorities to beef up its security network to nullify it in the bud. “The Fulani herdsmen are sponsored. How can they buy AK47. There are people sponsoring the herdsmen. They are making money out of people’s blood,” he said. On Igbo marginalization, the Methodist leader said since the civil war,the wealth of the nation is concentrated, stressing that there is no way people would vent their anger. According to him, “There is insecurity when they say that there should be no hate speech. We, Ndigbo, are marginalized. The North was not willing to join Nigeria at pre-independence while Igbo man like Dr Nnamdi Azikiwe who championed Nigeria independence had to cede Prime Minister position to become a ceremonial president for the unity of the country.” Uche lamented the level of poverty in the country and called on the government at all levels to revive the ailing industries in order to create jobs for the teeming youths. “A country that has many poor people is not making progress. The government should reactivate the ailing industries to create employment. Nigeria should go back to the basics to create employment,” he concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...