The Lagos State Government said it will foot the medical bills of victims of the accident involving a cement truck and a Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) at Asolo area of Ikorodu in Lagos. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made the disclosure during his visit to victims of the accident at the General Hospital, Ikorodu. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the accident occurred on Tuesday morning at Asolo area on Lagos-Ikorodu Road. Abayomi expressed deep sympathy with the victims, assuring them of quality and adequate care at the facility. “On behalf of Governor of Lagos State, Mr Babajide Sanwoolu, who is currently out of the country, I express my sympathy to the victims of this unfortunate incident. “I assure you that the state government has taken full responsibility and set to ensure that all victims get adequate healthcare free of charge. “I assure you that the state government will not relent in ensuring that Lagosians get quality healthcare. Suspected bandits kill three, abduct 18 in Kaduna Brain-dead woman gives birth to baby girl WHO appoints wife of Niger gov as expert on cervical cancer Bayelsa 2019: APC disqualifies ex-Cross Rivers REC, clears… “I also use this opportunity to condole with the family members of the deceased,” he said. ALSO READ: Brain-dead woman gives birth to baby girl Abayomi said of the 53 victims that were brought to the hospital, one was brought in dead, while two others died in the hospital due to the severity of injuries they sustained. He also explained that eight other victims were referred to other state-owned specialist facilities. Abayomi added that five of the patients were referred to the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), Ikeja, while three others were taken to Gbagada General Hospital for further treatment. The commissioner commended the swift response of the Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), LASAMBUS, LASTMA and other first responders in the prompt rescue of the accident victims. He said that though, the victims sustained different degrees of injuries, they were all responding well to treatment. Abayomi, however, urged the family members of the victims to be calm and cooperate with the medical team to ensure their quick recovery. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...