The President of the Rotary Club of Oyo metropolis, Mr John Ola Folarin, has promised to work diligently as a team leader with members of the club in accordance with the clubs constitution and bye-laws for the growth of the club and enhancement of the standard of living of people in Oyo and environs. Mr Folarin made the promise during his inauguration as the 15th president of the club, alongside his board members that will pilot the affairs of the club for the next one year. The investiture ceremony took place at Ola Royal Hotel, Oyo town, Oyo State, recently. In his lecture entitled: ‘Special Needs People and the Rotary Society’ at the ceremony, Dr Olaniyi Aikomo urged Rotary Club in Nigeria to intensify efforts in its support for the educational needs of the citizenry whether they are able-bodied or disabled. ALSO READ: Osun at 28: Oyetola promises better days ahead Politician, 2 others arrested over decomposing corpse of… Kogi Guber; SDP Certifies Natasha’ s Candidature Buhari commends supportive role played by NURTW members… Chibok Girls, Leah Sharibu, Sowore: Nigerians to protest… Aikomo, who is the head of Department of Education for Gifted and Talented Learners, Federal College of Education [Special] Oyo, added that persons with special needs needed the support of all stakeholders to enhance their well-being. He urged members of the club to drive persons with special needs towards contributing their quota to the growth and development of the nation. Also speaking, the outgoing president, Dr Ayorinde Kadejo, implored club members and others to strive to make a positive impact on the lives of people around them. The ceremony also witnessed the presentation of awards to notable indigenes of the community for their selfless service to humanity. They include the rector of the Federal School of Surveying, Oyo, Dr (Mrs) Dupe Nihinlola, the Minority Leader of Oyo State House of Assembly, Honourable Asimiyu Alarape, and Honourable Olufemi Aikomo. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...