THE job portal created by the Ogun State Government for job seekers will be officially launched on Thursday by Governor Dapo Abiodun. The launch will take place at the June 12 Cultural Centre, Kuto, Abeokuta at 12 noon. The portal according to the Governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, would register on a continuous basis, employed and unemployed youths in the State, with a view to providing them jobs and training opportunities suitable for their trade and academic qualifications. The job portal which was under review recorded over 5,000 candidates when a test-run was done in July for only two hours. The response according to Somorin underscored the enthusiasm of Ogun citizens to the State Government job creation initiative. ALSO READ:  BREAKING: Head of hunters, son killed in Kogi Tribune NUJ commends Seyi Makinde over Moses Alao’s… Do not select moneybags as my successor, Awujale tells… One killed, seven injured as police attempt to arrest… I’ll appoint an expert as agriculture minister ― Buhari “The Government of Ogun State is partnering with the public-private sector stakeholders to create opportunities, upskill and expand the job space for our teeming young men and women and those who have special talents,” the statement quoted the Governor as saying. “It is a major pillar of our quality governance model. We are going to have an inclusive government that will utilise valuable potentials that abound in the State and that’s why we are involving the private sector. “All graduates and those with vocational training across the State will give their information and we will endeavour to match them with potential employers training opportunities, not only within the civil service but also with the private sector, with whom we are partnering. “We will send a Local Content Bill to the Legislature, such that investors will first look inward to availability of workers in Ogun State and make our youths their primary catchment area when they site their companies here.” He said Governor Abiodun has appointed Mr Lekan Olude, as his Special Adviser on Job Creation and Youth Empowerment to coordinate activities and policies on Job creation and facilitate linkage with employers and multilateral development agencies. Lucky applicants would be offered instant jobs at the launch. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...