President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Daura, Katsina State, praised the progress recorded by the state under the leadership of Governor Aminu Masari in the last four years, saying that “it shows that he is taking good care of the people of his state.” Commissioning the re-designed and re-constructed Fago-Katsayal-Kwasarawa-Jirdede-Koza Road during his visit to the state, he said: “Thank you, Governor Masari, for taking care of the people of my constituency.” A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) informed that the road, covering about 38 kilometres and linking four local government areas, was first constructed by the defunct Petroleum Trust Fund, which was then headed by President Buhari, and it was extended to Dangwara, Jirdede and Koza towns. ALSO READ: Buhari mourns district head of Daura, Danmalam Ekiti Commissioner heads RMAFC revenue allocation committee Presidential poll: Atiku, PDP file final written addresses… N-Power beneficiaries appeal to FG for timely payment of… I’ll ensure quality, affordable education in Osun ― Oyetola It added that the road has the benefit of increasing mobility that would enable the predominantly farming population to optimally utilize the Koza dam and serves as a vital route option from Kano, Jigawa and Yobe to the famous Mai’Adua International Border Market. President Buhari also commissioned another 16 km road that links 20 agrarian communities of Kwanar Sabke, Sabke, Kokutu, Makangara, Haukan Zama, Nareje, Madoma, Nasarawa, Magamiyo, Dan’Aunai, Kwanar Dila, Gurje, Magale, Sabon Garin Kogon, Burtu, Dado, Minawa, Subashi, Dutsawa, Nafasa and Dutsi. The roads will help farmers to easily transport their produce to markets, gain access to health facilities and schools, and unlock the commercial opportunities in the area. Governor Masari appreciated the President for visiting the state and finding time to commission some projects, assuring him that the state government will always pursue people-focused development SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...