Association of Nigerian Professionals in Europe (ANPE) has cautioned the European Union (EU) member nations over the impending threats posed by the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) against Nigerians. The group of well-meaning Nigerians made this known in a communique issued after an emergency extraordinary meeting in Lisbon on Monday on the recent attack on Senator Ike Ekweremadu, serving Senator and immediate past Deputy Senate President in Germany and as well as the threat issued by Nnamdi Kanu, the IPOB leader to mobilise and attack high-ranking Nigerians who visit any country in Europe and America. In strong terms, ANPE, in a communique made available to newsmen condemned the activities of the terrorist group and its fugitive leader, especially after an assault on Ekweremadu and threat to President Muhammadu Buhari. After due consultation and deliberation, the group recommended that IPOB should be banned across Europe and its collaborators be brought to book. ALSO READ: NYSC arrests 10 fake corps members Suspected bandits kill three, abduct 18 in Kaduna LASG takes responsibility of medical bills of Ikorodu… Brain-dead woman gives birth to baby girl WHO appoints wife of Niger gov as expert on cervical cancer In the communique signed by the President of the association, Dr Agwu Onyeke, the concerned Nigerians called on EU to begin treating anyone that hides under an umbrella to attack Nigerian citizens as criminals that should be dealt with by the relevant security agencies. The communique said the acts of violence against Nigerians travelling to the EU is highly condemnable and called on the relevant security agencies in the various counties to identify and deal with whoever chooses the criminal path to inflict pains on others and be immediately deported back to Nigeria. “This is in cognizance of the fact that the image of Nigeria is being smeared by a group of people whose principal motive is driven by the quest for pecuniary gains. “The Associated of Nigerian Professionals in Europe condemns the activities of IPOB and calls for more significant action from the relevant authorities in the EU towards nipping in the bud the nefarious activities of IPOB and their sponsors. “That Nigerian politicians and other high ranking government officials are welcome to visit the European Union anytime, they deem fit, not minding the threat made by IPOB and accept the assurances of the various EU countries that will not allow IPOB to endanger anyone’s lives under whatever guise”, the communique stated. The Association of Nigerian Professionals in Europe said, it enjoys a cordial relationship with the present administration of President Muhammadu Buhari and as such would not fold its hands and watch IPOB humiliate Nigerians living in the EU as well as those travelling to the EU. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...