Dr Joe Okei-Odumakin, Convener, Women Arise for Change Initiative, Wednesday urged other state governors to emulate Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State by ensuring an increased number of women in their cabinets. Okei-Odumakin made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Awka while commending Governor Sanwo-Olu for being the first state governor to include 14 women in his cabinet. NAN reports that the number of women in the state executive council, who were inaugurated on Tuesday by Sanwo-Olu was the highest in the history of the state. “This is very encouraging, especially in a country like Nigeria where women, with all their potential, are the most under-tapped resource. “I sincerely hope other state governors will consider an increased number of women, not just into the states executive cabinets, but also in other critical sectors of government where the women are capable of serving. Buhari approves Ipaye’s re-appointment, others in VP’s… Gov race:PDP clears 34 aspirants for Kogi, Bayelsa primaries Sonaiya applauds Sanwo-Olu for 32% female cabinet, urges… Joint military exercise shut down activities at Nigerian… ALSO READ: Akpabio tasked on infrastructural development “It is also a call on our political parties to increase the number of women fielded for elective positions in our country,’’ Okei-Odumakin said. NAN reports that Governor Sanwo-Olu on Tuesday inaugurated 35 commissioners and special advisers into the state executive council out of which 12 were women. One of the three governor’s nominees, who was declined confirmation by the Lagos State House of Assembly on Monday, was also a woman making the number 13. NAN also reports that the governor had earlier appointed a woman, Mrs Folashade Jaji, as the Secretary to the State Government bringing the number of women to 14 altogether. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...