The Ibarapa Youths Vanguard, has applauded Governor Seyi Makinde’s choice of the 27-year-old Seun Fakorede as the state commissioner, describing Fakorede as a true son of the soil with huge prospects. In a statement signed its Coordinator, Ojebola Matthew Opeoluwa, the group said Fakorede’s contributions to capacity development since his days at the Obafemi Awolowo University were pointers to his capabilities to succeed in any position of leadership. The group held that Fakorede’s credentials as an engineer, entrepreneur, consultant, author, incorruptible passion for youth empowerment, good governance and nation-building were bound to bode well for the state. Noting that the impressive performance of the 32year old Oyo Speaker, Rt. Hon. Adebo Ogundoyin shown youth competency, the group said it expected Fakorede to follow in the same light by proving his capabilities. Truck crushes soilder to death in Abeokuta Oyo PDP chieftain berates protesters of Fakorede’s… Unilorin professor discovers anti-cancer, anti-TB drugs,… FG deploys permanent secretaries to new ministries ALSO READ: Taraba: NYSC hands over 3 suspects with alleged fake certificates to police “We were excited when Governor Seyi Makinde appointed the 32-year old Barrister Seun Asamu as commissioner for energy after his huge support to the emergence of our own brother, the Rt. Hon. Adebo Ogundoyin as the Speaker. “Honestly, we felt the Governor has done enough for Ibarapa youths but we are further amazed by the governor’s decision to choose another person from Ibarapa zone in Seun Fakorede. “We, therefore, charge all appointed youths in the Oyo State cabinet and parliament to always make Nigerian youths proud. “We implore Ogundoyin, Seun Asamu and Seun Fakorede to deploy their youthful energy, experience, commitment, local and international networks towards rescuing our dear State from massive youth unemployment and underdevelopment,” the statement read. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!