THE Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) has offered free training to some members of staff of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) on proper use of road and traffic regulations. A five-man delegation led by Mr Adejumobi Olatunde, a unit commander, carried out the training and sensitisation.. The NCC workers, including drivers were trained on different areas bordering on road usage and safety. Olatunde spoke on the need for routine checks of vehicles, moderate speed, valid driver’s licence and attitudinal change for defensive or anticipatory driving to avoid accidents. According to him, the three variables in traffic environment include, the driver, the vehicle and the road. He said the driver is the most important element who takes every decision and responsibility regarding proper use of the road. Cabinet formation: Bringing members of other parties may create a problem — Oyetola E-Nigeria to become Africa’s ICT conference, exhibition by… Experts task business owners on use of technology NITDA approves 5 ICT regulatory guidelines to boost economy TWINWash dance contest: LG rewards winners with LG products,… FRSC’s Head of FCT Sector on Driver’s Licence, Olubunmi Olagoke, took the NCC trainees through the process of getting a new licence and renewing expired one. Olagoke advised members of staff of the commission to always be law-abiding as road users. Earlier in his welcome address, Dr Henry Nkemadu, director, public affairs, NCC, said the sensitisation exercise provided an opportunity for the NCC workers to learn, to imbibe and to ensure that they undertake best practices on the roads. Nkemadu, who  represented the NCC Executive Vice Chairman, Professor Umar Danbatta, commended the FRSC for reaching out to the commission. He stated that the FRSC was also NCC’s partners in the operations of the Emergency Communication Centres, nationwide. He enjoined the workers not to ignore the knowledge gained during the training, but to use it and pass same to those not present at the programme. “Whether we are driving an official car or our private vehicles, our safety is very important and those of other motorists must always be a priority at all times. “We should know that the safety of one is the safety of many, especially with the general poor attitude of road users,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...