THE Federal University of Technology (FUT), Minna, Niger State, has donated a set of mobile teaching laboratory to Apata Grammar School, Bembo, Ibadan, Oyo State. This is in view of the need to advance the development of the country through the teaching of science and technology subjects across secondary schools in Nigeria. The presentation ceremony took place on Wednesday, July 31, at the school’s Chemistry laboratory. Speaking before the presentation of the equipment on behalf of the university, the facilitator of the project, Mr Sadiq Suis Lawal, said the donation was part of the university’s quest to promote the teaching of science subjects in the school as well as to encourage more students to enroll for science-oriented courses after their graduation from the school. Lawal, an engineer, said the mobile teaching laboratory would make the conduct of science practical easy for teachers and students, adding that the era of conducting  only in the conventional laboratory was over because practical can be conducted anywhere with the equipment. He noted that the FUT vice chancellor (Professor Abdullahi Bala)’s commitment to the advancement of the nation through research necessitated the donation so that future scientists could be discovered in the school. Lawal thanked the Rotary Club of Ibadan for identifying Apata Grammar School, Ibadan, for the intervention, and advised that all hands must be on deck to address the poor state of infrastructure across public schools in Nigeria. Edo varsity to receive  TETFund’s infrastructure boost Sudan varsity to establish medical sciences dept in Gusau Fijabi trains 100 students on ICT in Ibadan Winners emerge in 2019 Mike Okonkwo national essay… Speaking before receiving the equipment on behalf of the Oyo State government, the permanent secretary, Ministry of Education, Mr. Idowu Adeosun, expressed gratitude to the vice chancellor, FUT, Minna, for finding the school worthy of the donation. Represented by a director in the ministry, Mrs. Funke Akande, the permanent secretary said that FUT Minna had further proved its prowess as a leading university in the country, noting that the equipment was the first of its kind in Nigeria to simplify the teaching of science subjects. The permanent secretary said he would brief the governor of the state, Mr Seyi Makinde, about the donation, adding that the state government is willing to partner with the university for possible supply of the equipment to secondary schools in the state. Mr Idowu also thanked the Rotary Club, Ibadan, for being at the forefront of serving humanity through its numerous intervention programmes. Also in her remarks at the occasion, the principal of the school, Mrs. Esther Ekundayo, thanked FUT Minna for the donation, adding that the university had succeeded in addressing one of the challenges facing the teaching of science subjects in the school. She also commended the Rotary Club of Ibadan for facilitating the donation of the equipment to the school, while promising that the school would make judicious use of it Speaking earlier, the president, Rotary Club of Ibadan, Elebu Metropolis, Dr Adewumi Idowu had said the project was one of the mandates of the club towards putting smiles on the faces of the people, noting that Rotary Club all over the world is committed to combating hunger, providing education and promoting peace. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...