A man who was identified as a pastor with a Pentecostal Church on Tuesday escaped arrest after allegedly killing his mother in Anambra State. The man, identified as Pastor Nwabueze Anaka was said to have stabbed his mother to death at Oraifite in Ekwusigo local government area of the State. Sources told Tribune Online that the pastor escaped after the incident, leaving the corpse of his mother in the pool of her blood. Confirming this on Tuesday evening, the Public Relations Officer of Anambra State police command, SP Haruna said men of the command rushed to the scene and took the body of Mrs Grace Anaka to the hospital where she was certified dead before her body was deposited in a morgue. LSEB, NCDMB train 50 participants on practical technical… DSS, INEC seek legislation against fake news Osun election tribunal set to deliver judgment in three… Jumia to host NBA star, Andre Iguodala’s interactive… ALSO READ: Snake saga: Ondo lawmakers yet to resume sitting In a press release by the PPRO, stated “There was a report at Oraifite Division today,27/8/2019 at about 12:00 pm that same date at about 6: am, one Nwabueze Anaka ‘m’ aged about 30yrs of Umunakwa Oraifite allegedly stabbed his mother one Grace Anaka ‘f’ aged about 50 years with a dagger and took to flight. “Police detectives attached to the Division visited the scene, photographed and took the victim to the hospital where she was certified dead by the medical doctor after which corpse was deposited at the rest land morgue, Oraifite.” Haruna said the circumstances surrounding the incident were yet to be ascertained but said the complainants alleged that the suspect was having some mental challenges. “Case is under investigation and effort is being intensified to apprehend the fleeing suspect in order to bring him to justice,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...