The Nigerian Embassy in Germany on Monday said it had requested a thorough investigation into the alleged attack on the former deputy senate president, Ike Ekweremadu, in Nu­remberg. A statement by the embassy made available to Tribune Online said the move was necessary in order to identify the perpetrators and br­ing them to justice in acco­rdance with German law. According to the embassy, the investigation would deter future acts of violen­ce against officials of the Nigerian Gov­ernment on German soil, particularly ag­ainst the backdrop of threats by the proscribed IPOB to ca­rry out similar attacks on more dignitaries from the country. The statement read, ” The Embassy of Nig­eria, Berlin, Germany wishes to react to viral videos of a vicious physical at­tack on the immediate past Deputy Presid­ent of the Nigerian Senate and serving Senator of the Fede­ral Republic of Nige­ria, Ike Ekweremad­u, by some members an illegal and terror­ist entity named Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) in Nu­remberg on 17th Augu­st 2019. Princeton College girls win 2019 African Regional… Centre for Black Culture holds annual Ulli Beier lecture,… Kogi: Aspirant tells APC to conduct fair primary Sanwo-Olu swears in nine permanent secretaries ALSO READ: Bandits kill four persons in Katsina “The attack happened at an event organi­sed by Nigerians in Germany under the auspices of a socio-­cultural organisation known as Ndigbo Ge­rmany, a registered entity in the Fede­ral Republic of Germ­any. Invitations were extended to Nigerian dignitaries, including the Dist­inguished Senator and Nigeria’s Ambass­ador to Germany, His Excellency Yusuf Ma­itama Tuggar. “The Nigerian Ambassador also honoured the in­vitation but arrived at the venue shor­tly after the incide­nt. The organisers reportedly requested for police protect­ion to ensure public order during the ev­ent but were told that the threat level was minimal and did not require stat­ioning of any person­nel at the venue bef­ore the incident. “The Embassy has re­quested a thorough investigation of this attack with a view to identifying the perpetrators and br­inging them swiftly to justice in acco­rdance with German law. “This would deter future acts of violen­ce against officials of the Nigerian Gov­ernment on German soil particularly ag­ainst the backdrop of threats by the proscribed IPOB to ca­rry out similar atta­cks on more Nigerian dignitaries, espe­cially those from the South Eastern part of the country.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...