One of Nigeria’s brands and marketing publications, Brand Communicator, has announced the Chief Executive Office, Multichoice Nigeria, Mr. John Ugbe and  Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, Wema Bank Plc, Mr. Ademola Adebise, as key resource persons at this year’s edition of its annual Women In Marketing and Communications Conference/Awards (WIMCA), scheduled to hold later this month, August. While Adebise, as the event’s Keynote speaker, is expected to speak on the theme “Better the Balance in the Brands and Marketing Communications Industry,” Ugbe and Dr Ndidi Nnoli-Edozien, Group Chief Sustainability & Governance, Dangote Industries Limited, are to speak on the sub-themes  of the lecture. Tecno winners relish Afcon 2019 experiences My agenda for outdoor advertising practice in Nigeria… Nigerian market, very critical to our operations —… Why we repackaged Goldberg lager —NB Plc Speaking on the objectives of the conference and awards, the Convener of WIMCA, Mr. Joshua Ajayi, Publisher of Brand Communicator explained that the aim is  to mentor young and prospective female professionals so as to enable them realize their potential in the nation’s marketing communications industry. “The objective of the event remains the same which is to serve as a mentorship platform for young and prospective female professionals to ignite their potential towards attaining enviable heights in marketing and management. “It is also meant to  inspire the entrepreneurial spirit in women towards creating and sustaining enduring marketing and communications industry businesses.  It is a platform dedicated to celebrate women of outstanding achievements in the marketing and communications industry while creating a platform for networking among them,” he added. Since inception, WIMCA has served as a  channel to  recognise and reward female professionals, brands and organisations for their contributions to their various industries and the country’s economy at large. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...