An Ikeja Magistrates’ Court, Lagos, on Wednesday sentenced a 20-year-old unemployed Kabiru Rabiu to two years in a correctional home for breaking into a shop and stealing N18, 430 worth of goods. The Magistrate, Mrs B.O. Osunsanmi, gave the sentence after the defendant pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing. Osunsanmi said that Rabiu should be sent to the home to learn to be useful to himself and society. “You are hereby sentenced to two years in Borstal Correctional Centre, Adigbe, Abeokuta. “By the end of the sentence, you will be a changed and better person, who will be useful to yourself and to the society,” she said. ALSO READ: US Embassy denies blocking visa interview appointments for Nigerians Police arrest two suspects who allegedly gang-raped lady in… Oil dealer faces N94.1m fraud charge Court sentences apprentice to three months in prison for… Pharmacist, 63, faces N8m car theft charge The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Rabiu had pleaded guilty to stealing during an arraignment on Aug. 26, and was remanded. When the case was called up on Wednesday for review of facts and sentencing, Rabiu still admitted guilt. Rabiu, who has no verifiable residential address, blamed the act on the devil and urged the court to temper justice with mercy. Earlier, the Prosecutor, ASP Ezekiel Ayorinde, told the court that the defendant committed the offence on Aug. 16 at Abule-Egba, Lagos. He said that the defendant burgled a shop belonging to Mr Mohammed Muraina and stole his goods. “The defendant stole one canned malt, a tin of milk, two Chivita juice, one Dudu Yoghurt drinks, five pieces of Ankara clothes,  a pack of spaghetti, one roll of Aeriel detergent, all totalling N18,430. “The defendant was arrested and the stolen goods were recovered,” the prosecutor said. The offence contravened Section 287 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...