THE Nigeria Police, on Tuesday, urged youths and youth groups to join the fight against cultism, drugs and other vices in the country. A Superintendent of Police, Mr Ebere Amaraizu, who is the National Coordinator of Police Campaign Against Cultism and Other Vices (POCACOV), made this call while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Enugu. Amaraizu spoke on the sidelines of the 2019 UN International Youth Day celebration. He said that POCACOV, which was initiated by the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mr Mohammed Adamu, was aimed at saving Nigerian youths from the claws of cultism and other vices. “The IGP, through the campaign, wants all youths to live meaningful lives and to contribute their quota towards nation-building,’’ he said. ALSO READ:  80-year-old woman raped to death in her house The national coordinator also urged youths to be law-abiding and shun negative tendencies as well as violence in order to make the society secure. Tribune NUJ commends Seyi Makinde over Moses Alao’s… Do not select moneybags as my successor, Awujale tells… One killed, seven injured as police attempt to arrest… I’ll appoint an expert as agriculture minister ― Buhari According to him, youths as leaders of tomorrow should strive at all times to contribute their quota to national development. He called on the youth to make use of their numbers positively in the propagation of those good virtues that can bring about safety and security of their environment. “Youths must shun negative tendencies such as cultism and other vices as well as violence in order to make their environment safe and secure. “Youths should not allow their emotion to cause a commotion, especially as they go about watching football matches. “They should exhibit a high sense of positive solidarity, rather than make enemies because someone does not belong to their clubs,’’ he said. NAN reports that on Dec. 17, 1999, in resolution 54/120, the United Nations (UN) General Assembly, endorsed the recommendations made by the World Conference of Ministers Responsible for Youths (Lisbon, Aug. 8 – 12, 1998). The ministers called for Aug 12 to be declared International Youth Day. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...