The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) dismissed Wednesday’s swearing-in of new ministers as “a poor parade of recycled foot-travellers, many of whom have failed Nigerians in governance assignments.” A statement by Kola Ologbondiyan, the party’s National Publicity Secretary, posited that in assembling a team made up of persons indicted for corruption and treasury looting, President Buhari has demonstrated that he has nothing to offer to the nation other than condoning and encouraging corruption as well as perpetuating incompetence, failure and ineffectiveness in governance. The PDP said it was however not surprised that the President had no clear-cut blueprint to rescue the nation from the economic, security and social quagmires which his administration had plunged our nation into in the last four years. It added: “Of course, Mr President has severally demonstrated a lack of required capacity to lead a nation as complex as Nigeria especially at this trying times. “At a ceremony where Nigerians had expected the forceful articulation of a progressive policy thrust, Mr. President bored the nation with an empty and directionless script that only evoked more despondency in our nation. “Instead of helping President Buhari to offer hope, his handlers were more interested in photo-ups and refreshments, away from the serious business of governance.” APC, PDP in test of will over Enugu North Why Kogi people need my service now ­—Abubkar Audu Buhari approves Ipaye’s re-appointment, others in VP’s… Gov race:PDP clears 34 aspirants for Kogi, Bayelsa primaries ALSO READ: We will use ICT to alleviate poverty ―Pantami The PDP invited Nigerians to note President Buhari’s “contemptible approach to governance and disregard to ministerial portfolios as portrayed in the recent degrading of ministers to clerical aides of Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari.” “Such demotion of ministers is completely unacceptable, counter-productive and reduces governance to a domestic affair,” the statement declared. The PDP assured that it “feels the pains and anguish of Nigerians, who by now would have been enjoying the benefits of the much-desired economic recovery blueprint articulated by the peoples’ candidate, Atiku Abubakar. “ Furthermore, the main opposition party said: “Nigerians will recall that in Atiku’s blueprint, proactive strategic policies and plans were laid out for rapid interventions in critical sectors of our national lives to address the security, economic and social problems caused by the Buhari administration and return our nation to her pride of place.” The PDP, however, urged Nigerians not to lose hope “but continue in the expressed determination to retrieve Atiku Abubakar’s stolen Presidential mandate at the court.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...