THE University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital (UMTH) in collaboration with the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) has commenced the construction of a N1.5 billion physical rehabilitation centre. Prof. Ahmed Ahidjo, the Chief Medical Director (CMD) of the hospital, made the disclosure at the Foundation laying ceremony of the project on Wednesday in Maiduguri. Ahidjo said that the centre would provide clinical, rehabilitation and support services, as well as produce orthopaedic devices for persons with disabilities. He explained that the project would be executed with the support of the ICRC to treat persons with disabilities and those affected by the insurgency. “The organisation is contributing about 3.5 million US dollars, equivalent to over N1.3 billion,” he said. The medical director disclosed that the hospital also embarked on the construction of a 150-bed capacity Trauma Center, adding that the project had reached the advanced stage. ALSO READ: Pastor escapes after allegedly stabbing mother to death in Anambra Ahidjo said the centre was designed with neuro-trauma theatre, intensive care, sterilization, radiology and laboratory units. He added that the hospital had so far taken delivery of equipment for the centre. According to him, the Presidential Committee on North-East Initiative (PCNI) is also constructing a burn centre to cater for persons suffering from fire burns. Ahidjo said that the projects were initiated as part of comprehensive development projects to address challenges posed by insurgency and also meet the health needs of the growing population. “We have plans to move the hospital to over 1,000 bed-capacity; right now, we plan to upgrade the kidney centre. Governor Inuwa Yahaya mourns emir of yamaltu Governor Lalong appoints secretary to the government, chief… Expert advises senior citizens on importance of vaccination Yobe govt to rehabilitate public infrastructure destroyed by… “We are building a new and befitting child institute to cater for the surgical and medical needs of the children; we are bringing in a new centre into the hospital to manage children diseases in one place. “The centre will have between 130 and 150 beds; it is designed with six specialised clinics, including paediatrics surgery, nutrition, intensive care and emergency units, as well as laboratory,” he said. He commended the ICRC and PCNI for their support,!and called on wealthy individuals in society to emulate the gesture and support the hospital. In his remarks, Mr Golder Markus, the ICRC’s Head of Delegation in Nigeria, said that the rehabilitation centre was designed to treat 2, 000 patients per year, adding that it was expected to commence clinical operations in July next year. Markus added that the organization had sponsored nine students to a three-year diploma course in Prosthetics and Orthotics, to facilitate the smooth running of the centre. He added that the organization had so far provided emergency clinical services to 22, 000 persons affected by the conflict in the region. Also, Alhaji Abdulaziz Mashi, the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Health, said that the Federal Government accorded priority to the improvement of health care delivery through collaboration with development organizations. Mashi lauded the ICRC over the gesture, adding that it would encourage access to quality orthopaedics services at the grassroots. In his remark, Alhaji Hadi Gumel, the UMTH’s Board Chairman, also commended the gesture and urged individuals in the state to emulate the gesture and support the hospital. UMTH was inaugurated on July 23, 1983, by late President Shehu Shagari, as the pioneer teaching hospital in the North East region. It has over 3,000 staff, including 200 specialist doctors, 400 physicians, 800 nurses and other cadres of staff. It operates outreach centres at Madagali, Banki, Potiskum and Federal Secretariat, Maiduguri. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...