WITH a total of 49,246 out of the 55,532 candidates passing the May/June National Business and Technical Examinations Board (NABTEB) Ordinary Level Certificate Examinations, the Registrar/Chief Executive Officer of the examination body, Professor Ifeoma Isiugo-Abanihu, has reiterated the need for a comprehensive technical and vocational education and training. Mrs. Isiugo-Abanihu, who spoke in Benin City, on Friday disclosed that an analysis of the enrollment by trades indicated that candidates put in for 15 engineering, seven construction, nine miscellaneous, four business and 21 general education subjects. She said that out of the 30,955 candidates who sat for the various trades,16,573 representing 53.54% were certified as craftsmen while 32,673 candidates, representing 58.84% of the candidates that for the examinations scored five credits and above including English and Mathematics. With a total of 46,120 candidates obtaining five credits and above, representing 83.05% of the candidates that sat for the examination, the registrar explained that the performance was similar to the previous year’s examination results where 32,697 candidates representing 59.72% scored five credits and above. Kogi guber: Ata Igala confers chieftaincy title on former… Ekweremadu escapes IPOB members attack in Germany Adhere to professional ethics, medical practitioners advised Anambra 2021: PPA collapses structure to PDP Professor Isiugo-Abanihu remarked that today’s dynamic labour market required high level skilled workers such as those nurtured through technical and vocational education and training. She noted that countries such as Germany, Tanzania, Brazil, Singapore and Malaysia that embrace the virtues of technical and vocational education are known to have experienced technological breakthrough and economic turn around. The registrar said: “It is for this reason that the present government has prioritised provision of various skills empowerment programmes for youths as a means of eradicating hunger and extreme poverty and fostering sustainable development in the country.” Professor Isiugo-Abanihu noted that it was heart-warming to know that the board had in the past one year, experienced an unprecedented  number of candidates assessed for the award of the  National Skills Qualification as well as the Modular Trade Certificate which is also a skill oriented certificate to foster inclusive education. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...