It has been confirmed that not less than 168 people lost their lives following various automobile accidents that occurred between January and July 2019 in the three states of Bauchi, Borno and Yobe which make up Zone R12.1 of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC). The disclosure was made on Thursday by the Zonal Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Assistant Corps Marshall, Imoh Etuk at the 3rd Quarter retreat for Heads of Operations in the Zone, saying that the strategic meeting was aimed at making plans for the end of year activities. The Zonal Commander also disclosed that a total of 969 people were injured during the same period representing a 56.3% reduction in the number of those injured within the period in the Zone which was 1,245. Imoh Etuk said that within the period, 188 road traffic crashes were recorded in the three states compared to the 276 recorded in the same period in 2018 which represents a 59.5% reduction pointing out that, between January and July 2019, a total of 1, 360 people were involved in the crashes as compared to the 1, 981 that were involved in the same period in 2018 which is a 59.3% reduction. The Zonal Commander, however, lamented the many unclaimed driver’s licences in the Zone which he said were a total of 4,795 in the three states. ALSO READ: Army denies attack on Gubio, Magumeri markets Nigeria, peace is the key Cancellation of pre-shipment inspection fuelling insurgency,… At coronation anniversary, Erinmo celebrates culture,… FG to recover N614 billion outstanding debt from 35 state… He said, “we have unclaimed driver’s licences and part of what we will discuss is on how to ensure that we clear all of them as soon as possible in the three states. “The unclaimed licenses in the three states are Bauchi  734, Borno 3,658 while Yobe has 403. Although many of them claim that they have done all the processes needed, but many of them have not claimed their licences. We, therefore, call on the public to hasten up and get theirs.” Imoh Etuk stated that the FRSC will put an eye on the driving schools at this period “so that there are no untoward practices” stating that many people are still driving without licences vowing to start a crackdown on those who fail to comply. “What we found out is that many people are still going out, for instance in Bauchi, without driver’s licences. There’s going to be a crackdown on the people driving without driver’s licences, those using fake licences and those using temporary ones that are not genuine,” he stated. He said that the enforcement for riders who have no licences will begin 2nd October 2019 pointing out that there will be no shift of date. He added, “we want people to know that what we are doing helps the security architecture of this country, we are not just doing this because we want to enforce it, no, but to help security especially in the northeast where we are.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...