Eleven Eleven Twelve Foundation has organised a bootcamp for young entrepreneurs to showcase innovative solutions to environmental problems. The successful winner will receive a grant of one million naira and access mentorship among other benefits. Eleven Eleven Twelve Foundation is an independent private Nigerian philanthropic organisation committed to improving the overall quality of life by supporting business start-ups and entrepreneurship interventions. A release by the foundation sent to Ecoscope reads: “As part of our effort to support and empower youths, we requested for applications from interested young entrepreneurs in the environmental sector who have innovative ideas to solve problems within this sector. How 80-year-old woman was raped to death in her house “The applications were sent to our carefully selected judges in the environmental sector who screened the list and 12 applicants emerged successful. Climate action: You need no invitation, UN youth envoy tells… Underground water pollution: Akoka community in Lagos… Environmentalist makes case for  informal waste workers Climate incubation hub: Environment Ministry, UNDP call for… “These applicants will go through to the final stage comprising a bootcamp. “At this boot camp, these applicants will be required to pitch their ideas to judges and an audience. From this, a winner will be selected and a grand prize of one million naira will be awarded alongside mentorship and access to other opportunities.” The names of the successful applicants are: Femi Oyeniyi, Johnson Alaba, Asuquo Godwin, Alexander Akhigbe, Oyeniran Oluwaseun Temitayo, Ojo Olumide, Rolake Bello, Victor Okechukwu of Ecogoods.Com (from Eden Eco Solutions). Others are Yetunde Fadeyi of Rees Africa, Esther Ochuwa of Eco-Care (Bingo), Amao Ayodeji of Newdawn Resources and Waste Management and Jiakpo Solomon The organisation anticipates that the experience “will ignite a renewed zeal in our bid to resolve some major societal ills.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...