The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has released deadline for submission of lists of candidates to the Commission and collection of Permanent Voters Cards ahead November governorship elections in Kogi and Bayelsa states. National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter’s Education Committee (lNEC) Festus Okoye in a statement issued on Tuesday night at the end of a meeting of Commissioners, the electoral umpire disclosed that Thursday 5th September 2019, “is the last day for the conduct of primaries and resolution of all matters or disputes arising therefrom while the last day for the submission of lists of candidates and their Personal Particulars (INEC Forms CFO01 and CFO02) is Monday 9th September 2019.” The Commission enjoined political parties to ensure compliance with these timelines, warning that “no extension or late submission will be entertained.” ALSO READ: Buhari replaces heads of federal government agencies BREAKING: Deputy governor escapes death as robbers kill 3… Nigerians rank fifth among African students in Germany #EndSARS: [VIRAL VIDEO] SARS operatives shoot dead suspected… 12th African Games: Nigerian beach volleyballers lose to… It further revealed that it shall organise stakeholders meetings in the States and Local Governments between the 26th and 30 of August 2019 to sensitise the stakeholders on the modalities for the collection of the Permanent Voters Cards (PVCs) from the Registration Areas and in the various communities. The statement revealed that INEC will commence the exercise on the 2 September 2019, giving 30th day of September 2019 as the deadline for eligible voters to pick their PVCs. Okoye further gave the total number of uncollected PVCs in Kogi State as 170,644 while that of Bayelsa State stands at 49, 291. For effective dissemination of information to encourage voters to pick their PVCs in the two states, INEC said it would engage “faith-based, professional, civil society and community- based organisations to create increased awareness for the collection of PVCs.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...