In a swift reaction to the release of the 2019 results by WAEC, Gombe State Governor, Muhammad Inuwa Yahaya has expressed displeasure over the dismal performance of the state’s outcome and therefore declared a ‘State of Emergency’ on the education sector with immediate effect with the aim of revamping and repositioning it for optimum performance and better outcome The Governor who received with great dismay, the 2019 ranking of West African Examinations Council (WAEC) where Gombe State stood at 34th position in the country said that, “it was shameful and depressing to see students in the state perform so woefully in National Examinations, with this case being one of the trends in recent years.” The Governor noted that, “the rating reflects the systemic and steady decay in the education sector triggered especially by the immediate past administration’s shameless relegation of education, one of the pillars of development of any society, to the background and turning a blind eye while the quality of basic education in the state declined consistently to the point that the state has remained in the bottom 10 of both WAEC and NECO ranking consistently.” ALSO READ: Unilorin NASU, SSANU join 5-day warning strike Princeton College girls win 2019 African Regional… Centre for Black Culture holds annual Ulli Beier lecture,… Kogi: Aspirant tells APC to conduct fair primary Sanwo-Olu swears in nine permanent secretaries A visibly disappointed Inuwa Yahaya however, declared that his administration will do everything within its powers to improve the performance of Gombe students, starting with a total overhaul of the basic education system in the state. He also said that Gombe state has a considerable number of potential candidates for admission into tertiary institutions but lamented their inability to meet admission requirements to actualize their dreams, vowing to take urgent and decisive measures to reverse the ugly trend. Already, the Governor has come up with short, medium and long term strategies that will fast track the process of repositioning the education sector and raising the position of the state among its peers in terms of examination passing rate. The Governor has also strengthened the state’s partnerships with relevant Government agencies, development partners and donor agencies concerned with education in his quest to improve the quality of education and enforce performance standard as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Media and Publicity. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...