Ondo State Police Command on Saturday said three people have been arrested in connection with the alleged killing of a female banker, Nofisat Adetutu Ibrahim, who was shot dead last Wednesday. Ibrahim was shot dead by some hoodlums who traced her to a Point of Sales kiosk in Oke Ogba area of Akure, Ondo state capital. The Command Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Mr Femi Joseph said detectives from the command had been drafted to unravel those behind the killing of the 29year-old banker. Joseph who refused to give the names of the arrested suspects assured that the “perpetrators would soon be arrested and brought to book” The remains of the slain banker have been laid to rest in her Ikare Akoko home town according to Islamic rites Hoodlums suspected to be armed robbers killed the banker last Wednesday night while trying to escape from the shop. Sarz: Prolific producer who never stops winning EFCC arrests two suspected internet fraudsters wanted by FBI BREAKING: IG orders immediate arrest of Shi’ite leaders… JUST IN: Action Alliance National Chairman not kidnapped, he… The armed men tried to strangulate the young lady before she escaped and she was shot in the process. ALSO READ: Leah Sharibu is alive, communication still open with kidnappers ― Presidency The young lady, however, gave up before help could reach her while the incident was reported to the police station. An eyewitness said, ” The lady was in the shop when the bandits came on a motorcycle and pretended to do business with her. “As they were trying to strangulate her, she attempted to run out of the shop while one the robbers shot her. ” People scampered for safety with the gunshot, while all the shop owners and residents of the street ran for safety. This gave the robbers the opportunity to escape from the area before the arrival of policemen. The incident happened less than 24 hours after a middle-aged worker of a publishing company was shot dead in a night robbery at the Ajipowo/Ogundipe Estate in Akure SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...