THE Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) Akwa Ibom Sector Command said on Tuesday that it arrested 444 road traffic offenders and prosecuted 50 during the command’s special patrol this month. The Sector Commander, Mr Sunday Oghenekaro, disclosed this to newsmen in Uyo while speaking on the activities of the command. Oghenekaro said that the 50 offenders were prosecuted in the Mobile Court. He said that the command, during the period, recorded four road crashes in which two persons lost their lives and 22 sustained injuries. He emphasised the need for taking safety measures by all road users, pedestrians, motorcyclists, tricycles operators and motorists of different categories of vehicles. ALSO READ:  BREAKING: Supreme Court strikes out PDP, Atiku’s appeal “During the August Special Operation, 444 traffic offenders were arrested for contravening various traffic offences within the 31 Local Government Areas of Akwa Ibom. Kwara Assembly approves dissolution of three commissions World Humanitarian Day: Red Cross seek more support from… Court orders wife to return carpet, mattress to husband Nestlé, IITA engage youth agripreneurs on access to… “The offences committed ranged from tyre violation to safe helmet violation, light/signs violation and driving without a seatbelt, among others. “The use of mobile court has really helped us reduce road crashes in the state, especially during festive periods and we will continue to use it in prosecuting traffic offenders,” Oghenekaro said. The sector commander said that excessive speed, dangerous/reckless driving and drunkenness were major causes of road crashes in the state, stressing that motorists should drive to stay alive and learn to begin their journeys in time. Oghenekaro cautioned motorists to be careful while driving under special weather conditions such as during rainfall. He also advised them to avoid the use of worn-out tyres and cell phones and ensure that their vehicles were in good condition while driving. He said the command would continue to engage drivers across the state on public enlightenment as well as consequences of a traffic rule violation to achieve the corps’ mandate of zero tolerance for road crashes. The sector commander appealed to motorists and all road users in the state to adhere strictly to safety rules and regulations to stay alive. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...