THE Universal Basic Education Commission received the quantum of N109 billion from the Federal Government in 2018 to support the states in the implementation of Universal Basic Education (UBE) in Nigeria. Director, Social Mobilisation, UBEC,  Alhaji Bello Kagara, made this known on Tuesday in Kano while making a presentation at a two-day media dialogue on School-Based Management Committee (SBMC) organization by the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF). He also disclosed that the Federal would invest a total of N2.78 billion in School-Based Management intervention programme in 2,505 basic schools across the country He noted the N109 billion was the 2 per cent accrued Federal Government Consolidated Revenue allocated to UBEC for disbursement to states on payment of 50 per cent counterpart fund. Kagara added that the fund was for the development of infrastructure in schools, provision instructional materials, teacher development among other key aspects of intervention in providing access and quality basic education in the country. ALSO READ: Lagos Assembly to probe Ambode over procured 820 buses He said based on the realisation that School-Based Management Committee (SBMC) has become one of the most effective participatory approaches in addressing some the challenges in basic education in Nigeria, and that the Commission has earmarked over N2.78 billion as School Improvement grant to SBMCs across the country. He disclosed that this amount would be scaled up N5 billion next year, saying the government felt that SBMC is the closest to structure to the communities where the schools are located. Suspected bandits kill three, abduct 18 in Kaduna LASG takes responsibility of medical bills of Ikorodu… Brain-dead woman gives birth to baby girl WHO appoints wife of Niger gov as expert on cervical cancer Kagara hinted that the government through the Universal Basic Education Commission UBEC, is partnering with the School-Based Management Committee to invest funds and support developmental projects. Kagara pointed out that SBMCs are the closest structure to engaging community leaders, traditional and religious leaders in developing basic education in the country. He emphasized the need to prioritize the engagement with communities hosting the schools, describing them as better machinery to perform the function of supervision of education projects and ensuring compliance to policies in basic schools. He said: “SBMC provides the linkage between the government and the community leaders, religious leaders following their ability to reach out to these people” “SBMC is set up to ensure the success of community participation in basic and secondary education”. While stressing that UBEC is working towards addressing critical areas of access and quality, Kagara said there was the need to support the SBMCs which have the advantage of monitoring and supervising of the projects in schools. He further disclosed that UBEC recently developed a manual that details strategies of engaging SBMC in schools development. Also at the event, the Kano State Director Social Mobilisation, Amina Umar, said Kano State has trained 67000 school-based management Committee members in Kano State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...