The Gubernatorial Primary Election Screening Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Bayelsa State has disqualified a former Cross Rivers State Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Dr. Briyai Oyeins Frankland, for not meeting the criteria of being a card-carrying member for a year before seeking an elective post. Those cleared for the August 29th governorship primaries of the party are Senator Heineken Lokpobiri, Engr. Preye Aganaba, Prince Ebitimi Angbare, Ms. Diseye Poweigha, Mr. Lyon David and Professor Ongoebi Etebu. The screening committee chaired by Rt. Hon. Isa Song and secretary, Barr. Clement Chinaka, in a report made available to newsmen, said that Dr. Briyai Oyeins Frankland was not cleared after conducting a thorough exercise in Yenagoa. Parts of the report, which was signed by all seven members of the screening committee, said that “according to the guidelines and code of conduct of the party, aspirants must have been a card-carrying member up to one year.” The report further stated that the modalities adopted for the screening was the balloting of numbers 1 to 7 which was picked by each aspirant to determine the order for which they were called to appear before the committee. Suspected bandits kill three, abduct 18 in Kaduna LASG takes responsibility of medical bills of Ikorodu… Brain-dead woman gives birth to baby girl WHO appoints wife of Niger gov as expert on cervical cancer ALSO READ: Oyo govt to get N2.7m books for students, 100 cars for security agencies “Each aspirant was asked questions relating to qualifications and conduct in line with both party constitution and election guidelines to contest for the governorship primary election under the platform of the APC. “And we also asked them to produce evidence of membership of the party, voters card and payment of the prescribed fees as well as the original copy of their credentials for sighting. The screening committee was empowered to screen aspirants for the governorship election for Bayelsa. “Therefore, Dr. Briyai Frank land was not cleared and disqualified on the ground of Section 3 paragraph ‘L’ of the guideline for the nomination of candidates. “On the premise of the aforesaid report, we want to observe that the prevalent did most rated commitment of the leadership of our party to reinvigorate the culture of integrity and party discipline be encouraged. That the core value of our party, which is premised on leadership responsibility and discipline be vigorously enthroned in our leadership recruitment process. “That the aspirants, whose names are above stated, appeared for screening and were attended accordingly,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...