The Nigeria Police (A division), Warri, Delta State, on Thursday, arraigned two suspected women over alleged theft and baby trafficking. The suspects arraigned were Mrs. Rose Illogbo and Mrs. Rosemary Johnson while two others were said to be at large. The two suspects of 45 years of age, were docked before Chief Magistrate Olubunmi Oshevire of the Warri South Chief Magistrate Court on a three-count charges. The charges bordered on conspiracy to falsify and stealing, offences to which they pleaded not guilty. The suspects were alleged to have been operating orphanages in Ughelli and Agbor axis of the oil-rich state. The prosecuting counsel, Sgt Blessing Chukwuyem told the court that the suspects committed the crime on Dec. 5, 2018, at Agbor and Ughelli Magisterial Districts of Delta. Buhari, APC have fooled Nigerians says Secondus NIS begins e-registration of migrants in Ogun DPR seals gas plant over illegal operations in Ogun, arrest… $9bn damage against Nigeria in British court: FG to deal… Chukwuyem said the suspects conspired to steal a three-year-old baby identified as Mary whose parents were unknown and sold at N850,000 to a buyer. She said that the suspects, who also indulged in illicit racketeering of babies, also allegedly sold a four-year-old boy identified as Nnesuoma. The prosecutor said that the offences were punishable under Section 516 and Section 371 (2) of the Criminal Code Cap C21, Vol. 1, Laws of the Delta, Nigeria 2006. They were consequently admitted to bail at a cost of N500,000 and two sureties each in likesome who must be civil servants or have landed properties within the Magisterial districts. “The sureties must be Civil Servants or have a landed property within the jurisdiction of the Court,” Oshevire said. The chief magistrate, however, adjourned the matter till Sept. 18 for hearing. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...