Though this year’s edition of the African Cup of Nations (AfCON), held in Egypt, has come and gone, many Nigerians, especially winners of Tecno Nigeria’s ‘Win A Trip To Egypt With Ikpeba consumer promotion’,  have continued to relish the memories of the tournament. The winners: Bada Monsuru Abolore, Boluwaji Olukayode, Olaitan Ahmed Bola and Otenaike Adedotun Andrew, expressed their gratitude to the brand for living up to its promise of making their trip to the North African country, a reality. The quartet, while recounting their experiences in Egypt, where they had gone to watch some of the matches at the just-concluded tournament, stated that the trip had gone a long way in widening their horizons and further enriched their experiences. “Besides providing us the opportunity to watch the finals of the AFCON football match, especially the actions, the suspense and the overall drama of the competition, it was also an opportunity to  experience the sights, sounds and major tourist attractions of the ancient historical city of Cairo in Egypt,” one of the winners stated, in a chat with Brands & Marketing. John Ugbe, Adebise, others discuss contemporary marketing… My agenda for outdoor advertising practice in Nigeria… Nigerian market, very critical to our operations —… Why we repackaged Goldberg lager —NB Plc According to them, some of the places visited include the ancient Pyramids of Giza, famous the world over,  for being the last surviving among the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, and which  also remains one of the world’s  greatest tourist attractions. “We  also saw the renowned Sphinx, a wonderful piece of art, carved from a single stone, depicting a lion with the head of an Egyptian Pharaoh. Other activities we enjoyed during the trip include a day at the Mall and a trip to the Egyptian Museum,” the winners stated. The promo, according to the organisers, was aimed at identifying with the passion of Nigerians, especially its consumers, for their loyalty to its offerings, over the years. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...