Embattled former Minister of Petroleum Resources, Diezani Alison-Madueke, has asked a Federal High Court sitting in Lagos to reverse the interim order secured by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) for the interim forfeiture of her 2,149 pieces of jewellery and a customised gold iPhone all valued at $40m. Tribune Online recalls that on July 5, the anti-crime agency secured an interim order to confiscate the former Minister’s jewelleries and iPhone, which is believed to be proceeds from acts of corruption perpetrated while she was in office. In an application filed by her counsel, Professor Awa Kalu, Diezani who is currently in the United Kingdom, accused  EFCC of entering her apartment illegally and taking the items without any court order. She said the anti-graft agency violated her fundamental “right to own property and to appropriate them at her discretion,” under sections 43 and 44 of the constitution. Princeton College girls win 2019 African Regional… Centre for Black Culture holds annual Ulli Beier lecture,… Kogi: Aspirant tells APC to conduct fair primary Sanwo-Olu swears in nine permanent secretaries She urged the court to reject the prayer by the EFCC to permanently forfeit the jewellery and the gold iPhone to the Federal Government. ALSO READ: Bayelsa, Kogi gov race: PDP begins screening of aspirants According to the court papers, the jewelleries categorised into 33 sets, include “419 expensive bangles; 315 expensive rings; 304 expensive earrings; 267 expensive necklaces; 189 expensive wristwatches; 174 expensive necklaces and earrings; 78 expensive bracelets; 77 expensive brooches; and 74 expensive pendants.” The former Minister argued that the entry into her apartment by EFCC operatives was illegal as it was without a court order. Justice Nichola Oweibo thereafter adjourned the case till August 29. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...