The Ogun State Police Command, on Wednesday, paraded three suspects over the alleged murder of a 400 level student of the Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago-Iwoye, Ahmed Obisanwo. The suspects were Idowu Ayodele (53), Segun Ogunsanwo (53) and Akeem Salisu (55). While parading the suspects, the State Commissioner of Police, CP Bashir Makama, said four guns were recovered from the suspects, who claimed to be part of local community security group. Makama said the trio would face murder charge before a competent court of law. ALSO READ: Miss Nigeria advises parents to monitor children’s view on TV, social media The Police boss said the suspects, earlier in the month stormed a hotel in Ijebu-Igbo, and dispossessed people of their valuables and also held two young men hostage. Makama explained that one of those held hostage thereafter escaped from the abductors’ den while the other was so unlucky. LSEB, NCDMB train 50 participants on practical technical… DSS, INEC seek legislation against fake news Osun election tribunal set to deliver judgment in three… Jumia to host NBA star, Andre Iguodala’s interactive… The CP said, “These suspects went into a hotel and ordered everyone to lie down, dispossessing them of their valuables. They held two people hostage. One of those held in hostage escaped while the other was not lucky. ” A complaint was lodged with the Police and we swung into action. This led to the arrest of these three people and recovery of weapons. “Upon interrogation, they admitted to have killed the other young man and that his remains had been thrown into a river. “One of them claimed to be a member of safe corps, however, his claim had been debunked. They will be made to face the full wrath of the law.” One of the suspects, Akeem Salisu, who spoke with newsmen denied killing Obisanwo. He said the group were commissioned by the community to arrest cultists and thugs. Salisu added that his group usually arrest cultists and thugs in the community and handed them over to the Police. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...