A Sharia Court in Kaduna on Tuesday ordered a housewife, Hauwa’u Zailani, to return the carpet and mattress she received as part of her dowry from her estranged husband, Akilu Yakubu. The judge, Malam Muhammad Shehu-Adamu, gave the order after Zailani told the court that she was no longer interested in the union due to lack of care. “The union between Hauwa’u Zailani and Akilu Yakubu is hereby dissolved based on Khul’i. She will return his dowry to him,” he ruled. Zailani, who resides in Gandarko village, Kaduna State, earlier told the court that Yakubu abandoned her when she was ill and pregnant. ALSO READ: School Feeding: Kaduna govt to deal with erring education secretaries Kwara Assembly approves dissolution of three commissions World Humanitarian Day: Red Cross seek more support from… Nestlé, IITA engage youth agripreneurs on access to… EFCC search: No cause for alarm — Ambode She told the court that she spent eight months in her parent’s house with no news from her husband until she had a miscarriage. She prayed the court to dissolve the marriage. On his part, Yakubu, who resides in Kabobo village, Kaduna, denied the claims, saying that his wife told him she was going home to get spiritual help. He had prayed the court to give him time to reconcile with the wife, saying he still loved her. News Agency of Nigeria reports that the court had ordered the complainant to present witness after efforts to reconcile the couple proved abortive. The witnesses she presented confirmed that Zailani was abandoned by her husband when she was ill. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...