If you have ever experienced car trouble, you understand the importance of mechanics. They have the unique ability to diagnose and fix most problems with automobiles on the road today. To be a successful mechanic, proper training is crucial. The nightmare of an average Nigerian motorist today is the dearth of skilled mechanics.  Growing up, I vividly recall the availability of a vast number of students and graduates of government technical colleges to engage in various technical jobs. They possessed the requisite skills to get the job done. These graduates dominated various technical fields. There was never a shortfall of plumbers, masons, welders, carpenters, metal fabricators and electricians. Many of them rose to become the middle class and some even joined the upper-middle class. Teacher training colleges were the go-to place for recruiting primary school teachers; cooperative colleges, were there to feed the finance industry at the entry-level and the other monotechnics were the fertile ground for their various industries. We simply moved on as a nation and focused on making people without university degrees look or feel inferior. Don’t get me wrong. University education is a good aspiration and an amazing way to open people’s minds to critical thinking and windows of opportunities for development. Every society needs professors, doctors, lawyers, engineers, broadcasters, architects and other professionals to function and develop. It, however, also needs artisans, such as mechanics, plumbers, masons, tailors, electricians and carpenters to sustain itself. How societies adapt will play a key role in how competitive and how stable they are. The biggest wins from new technology will go to societies; that doesn’t just double down on the past, but can adapt and direct their citizens towards the industries that are growing. It is clear that for any economy to be successful in the near future, the workforce must be able to respond by effectively communicating, applying knowledge, and creative problem-solving skills. Rains, floods and your vehicle! What to know about fuel economy What’s the fuss about wheel balance and alignment? How roadworthy is your vehicle? Students today, will need to be equipped with skills that will be used to efficiently use resources effectively and harness our collective intelligence, in creative responsiveness. Isn’t it ironic that the fate of an average professor’s car is expected to be determined by the ‘never-do-well’ mechanic that was condemned to the profession by virtue of his poor academic performance? We must strive to have the best artisans! Here is what I propose: Finally, this system is reviewed regularly to ensure its objectives are being met. Mechanics who have gone through proper training are more likely to be skilled in all aspects of auto repair. Since mechanics must be able to constantly adapt to changing technology and repair techniques, training in these areas is needed to be successful. Since we will always need cars, we will always need experienced mechanics to fix them. Essentially, there will always be a need for well-trained mechanics. Companies searching for mechanics look for individuals with strong communication skills as well as analytical skills. They must also have knowledge of how different automobiles work and how to repair them properly. Individuals who have gone through auto repair training courses are more likely to be chosen over those who have not had proper training. Auto repair technician training isn’t just about learning how to fix vehicles. Trainees should learn good customer service skills as they will often have to discuss details with customers regarding problems found and repairs needed. They will also learn how to be detail-oriented in all aspects of auto repair. If you are thinking about becoming a mechanic, proper training is a must. With a working knowledge of electronics and mathematics as well as great customer service skills, you are sure to have good opportunities in the auto repair field. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...