The recent attack and humiliation of former Deputy Senate President of Nigeria, Ike Ekweremadu, in Germany by angry IPOB youths should be condemned by every right-thinking Nigerian. What is the offence of Ekweremadu? In short, for everyone who is familiar with the case of Nnamdi Kanu and the Federal Government, it was Ekweremadu who stood as a surety for the said Kanu in court before he was granted bail. The Igbo youths should tell the public the offence of Ekweremadu to warrant such humiliation. Police detain COZA pastor, Biodun Fatoyinbo, at force… For me, Senator Ekweremadu does not deserve to be beaten. The Igbo governors have been afraid of travelling out of the country following the attack on Senator Ekweremadu in Germany. The governors from the South-East should not entertain any fear of being attacked in foreign land by IPOB youths. Collaborating to end corruption Moving Nigeria forward On Wadume’s confession Revolutionaries and desire for change Nigeria is indeed a complex nation to govern. However, the best way to stop the IPOB youths from beating their governors in the diaspora is to tell their governors to listen to their angry youths. It is a national and international embarrassment to our country. Foreign leaders will begin to lose the respect for Nigerian leaders, particularly the Igbo leaders. Other regional leaders should learn from this; there are many people who are equally angry with our leaders simply because of selfish attitudes. What IPOB did to Senator Ekweremadu was a kind of revolution; they did such to register their displeasure towards their leaders before the international community. I don’t know what will happen to Nigeria’s unity in 2023 but northern leaders should forget 2023 presidency  for the sake of our unity. Jimoh Mumin Esq. 08034435211 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...