Four female students from Princeton College, Surulere, Lagos, under the tutelage of New Horizons Computer Learning Centre, the school’s ICT partner, have emerged the African regional winners for the 2019 Technovation Contest.This year’s contest took place at the Pan Atlantic University, Lagos, recently. The innovative application developed by Princeton College girls’ name, Frostbits, will solve the menace of obstructive parking in Nigeria, particularly in Lagos, with the use of location sensors, database, and app inventor’s interface and more. APC blames PDP for assault on Ekweremadu, says ‘opposition party… Centre for Black Culture holds annual Ulli Beier lecture,… Kogi: Aspirant tells APC to conduct fair primary Sanwo-Olu swears in nine permanent secretaries Lagos Assembly rejects Ajayi-Bembe, George and Sanusi,… According to the developers, users can easily park their cars without worrying about interference from other drivers. This app, developed by the girls, came first in the ‘Senior Division Regional 2019 Technovation Competition”. The names of the girls are: Miss Daniella Ekekwe (Grade 11); Miss Gbopemioluwa Olukoga (Grade 11), Miss Victory Yinka-Banjo (Grade 11), and Miss Tanyalouise Ekekwe (Grade 12). According to the Princeton Schools Education Director, Dr (Mrs) Dolapo Bankole, while congratulating the students and the parents and the teacher who collaborated to make this happen said: ‘’Our emphasis in Princeton school is to produce students with 21st century skills in Sciences and Technology, so that students from our school can compete effectively with their counterparts in Europe, America and Asia.’’ The Chief Executive Officer, New Horizons, Mr Tim Akano, while rejoicing with the Board of Directors and Parents of Princeton School for the deliberate quality education the school offers, said, “Princeton is one of the topmost schools in Nigeria where parents, who desire the best future for their children should patronise. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...