Some up coming young artistes on Thursday called on the Lagos State Government (LASG) to build music studios in several parts of the state to support their career. The artistes, who spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) at their Agege abode in Lagos, said the studios would remove many unemployed youths with music talent from the streets. Israel Adebanjo, 26, with stage name, ‘Rollz’, said he had performed at most music talent hunts organised at Agege but needed help to break into the music industry. “I will also urge the government to assist winners of talent hunt contests with studio bookings to excel in music,” he said. ALSO READ: Musician in free-for-all at petrol station ‘I’m done with natural childbirth’, says OAP… Miss Nigeria advises parents to monitor children’s… Artist canvasses appropriate penalty for piracy offenders Alaafin becomes TAMPAN Royal Grand Patron “The government should organise more of such contests to discover more up coming young artistes.” Lateef Hassan, 25, whose stage name is ‘Laze’ said he had chosen music as a career after watching the likes of Small Doctor ‘Temitope Adekunle’ and Wizkid ‘Ayodeji Balogun’ perform on stage. “I started singing since I graduated from Jubril Martins Secondary School. My elder brother’s friend has a studio around there, so, sometimes we go there and have a feel of what it is like to make your song in the studio. “I sing for my friends and I perform at small gatherings. I hope the government will one day come to our aid and support us with the token to produce an album,” he said. Olawale Akinpelu; 26 with stage name, “Whaley”, however, appealed to popular artistes to call the attention of the government on their behalf through their songs. According to Whaley, it is when those we see as our seniors speak for us that the government will listen to our plight. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...