The Federal Government on Saturday promised to address housing deficit by delivering one million houses per year to close the 17 million shortfall by the year 2033. The Minister of State, Works and Housing, Mr Abubakar Aliyu, disclosed this in Abuja on Saturday during an inspection of the Federal Housing Authority (FHA) mass housing project in Zuba, Federal Capital Territory. Aliyu said the government had decided to improve on current construction of 100,000 houses per years in order to meet the basic needs of the people. “The production now is low; we are constructing 100,000 houses per year and we hope to improve it by constructing one million houses per year in order to close the gap of 17 million to 20 million housing deficits by the year 2033. “That is the target of government, we are committed to doing that and to ensure that the programmes, policies are accomplished “We will provide enabling environment to attract investors into the sector to help solve the problem of housing deficit in the country and to achieve the government’s  goal by 2033,’’ he said. Aliyu also said that the problems associated with acquisition of lands would be addressed. ALSO READ: Take social media stories with a pinch of salt — Soyinka Speaking on the Zuba project, the minister said it was designed specifically to address the huge housing deficit for the middle and low income earners. Kano gov tussle: I have no case to answer —Ganduje Reps committee on abandoned communication projects begins… Gov primary: Bayelsa PDP elects 315 ad hoc delegates Yoruba leadership: No rancour in Afenifere He said the project which was to be completed by August was delayed because of the rainy season. The minister gave assurance that the government would deliver the project as soon as possible. “We will ensure that the project is completed soon, because it is one of our primary focuses. “That is why it is our first point of call after inauguration,’’ he said. Mr Umar Gonto, Acting Managing Director, FHA reiterated government’s commitment to ensuring that the common Nigerians have access to affordable housing He said that the project was among many others spread across the country by the federal government,. Gonto said that the houses were designed for low-income earners both in the public and private sector and the self-employed, once they meet up with the criteria. Mr Ibrahim Shuaibu, the Project Manager, who took the minister round the site, said the 764 housing units were at 75 per cent completion stage. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports the housing project is located near the Zuba Model  Market, the Zuba Spare Parts Market and the FCT College of Education. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...