The Minister of Police Affairs ,  Muhammadu Maigari Dingyadi, has reaffirmed that President Muhammadu Buhari is resolutely committed to pursuing his three cardinal objectives of economic reconstruction,  fighting corruption and improving security. Dingyadi disclosed this in Sokoto, on Friday at the Secretariat of the All Progressive Congress (APC) when he paid a courtesy call on the Sokoto State leadership of the party. The Minister said that the President had from 2015 to date, remained focused on fulfilling his campaign promises to Nigerians, premised on these three key programmes. According to him, ” the President has remained steadfast in this direction and even in 2019, he re-echoed these three cardinal issues. ” The successes recorded from 2015 to date would be consolidated. Even when he swore us in, he reminded us that, these three major cardinal agendas will be vigorously pursued from now to 2023.” ALSO READ: Bauchi gov, Bala Mohammed sacks political aide Toyota to build vehicle assembly plants in Ghana, Ivory… Bauchi gov, Bala Mohammed sacks political aide Gunmen kidnap Action Alliance National Chairman, Udeze, in… Task Force nabs 123 Jigawa indigenes as they landed in Lagos “As a Minister of Police Affairs, the issues of economic reconstruction,  fighting corruption and improving are part of the thrust of the Ministry”. He averred that, as an Ambassador of the State and the party, he has been saddled with an arduous responsibility which he would never waiver in diligently discharging. He also maintained that he will remain indebted to the leader of the APC in the state, Senator Aliyu Magatakarda Wamakko and the party, for finding him worthy of the enviable appointment as a member of the Federal Executive Council by President Muhammadu Buhari. The Minister solicited for fervent prayers by all Nigerians, to achieve the laudable objectives of the Federal Government,  for the common good of all the citizens. Speaking earlier, the State Chairman of the party, Alhaji Isa Sadiq Achida, said that, the visit was an epoch-making one as no Minister has ever visited the State Secretariat of the party. Alhaji Achida said that, the Minister has been tested and trusted, while he is diligent, honest loyal and patriotic. The Chairman further stated that the party in the State was intact and it has no any problem sequel to the sustained moral and financial support to it by its state leader, Senator  Wamakko. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...