It is said that you can be gifted with courage, determination, strength, endurance, compassion and intellect of legends like Albert Einstein, but if you continually immerse yourself in negative states, you will never achieve excellence or greatness. If Nigerians know the secret of accessing their most resourceful states, they will work wonders for Nigeria. It has been discovered that the state you are in at any given moment determines your perceptions of reality, and thus your decisions and behaviour. Seyi Makinde revokes controversial N7 billion Moniya-Iseyin road contract Therefore, to harness the multitude of resources that is within Nigeria, both in human and material resources, our political leaders, in power and out of power, those in the opposition, the media, critics, activists, intellectuals, concerned citizens, elders in ethnic associations, the youths, militants, and groups must put themselves in a positive state of resourcefulness to move Nigeria forward and watch her grow from strength to strength. Collaborating to end corruption Igbo youths, stop beating  your leaders On Wadume’s confession Revolutionaries and desire for change Seyi Makinde revokes controversial N7 billion Moniya-Iseyin road contract Nigeria needs to move it from its static state which the Nigerian brand of politics has clogged. Once the clotting is removed through a dose of resourcefulness on the part of all citizens through voluntary compliance, for example, the power sector is still not getting it right on billing, the public has not got it right on civic responsibilities, taking a cue from their counterparts in politics. Nigerians paradoxically have put Nigeria in the wrong state. The dirt and mud in politics has blocked the channel of resourcefulness. If we get it right on taxation and transparency to motivate tax payers, we can have a level of financial abundance that is far above and beyond the money we need to finance 2019 budgets as well as finance previous deficits also. John R. Jimoh, Ijebu-Ode. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...