Nigerian Tribune newspaper has been shortlisted alongside six others in the Newspaper of the Year category of the 13th edition of Nigeria Media Nite-Out awards which is expected to have not less than five governors, media gurus and prominent Nigerians as guests. Organizers of the Nigeria Media Nite-Out Award (NMNA), have stated that that those expected of the glamorous media event include the Governors Bello Mohammed Matawalle of Zamfara, Babjide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos, Aminu Tambuwal of  Sokoto, Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom and  Bala Mohammed of Bauchi. According to a statement by the Media and Publicity Manager of the award, Murphy Ajibade Alabi, other dignitaries expected are the first lady of Ondo State, Betty Anyanwu-Akeredolu, Vanguard publisher, Sam Amuka, Chairman of the Board of Telegraph Newspaper, Mrs.  Funke Egbemode, vice chairman of the governing body of NMNA, Omooba Segun Adewale and chairman of Lagos State Nigeria Union of Journalist, Dr. Qasim Olalere Akinreti. The theme of the 2019 edition of the award is Nigerian Economy and Political Development: Finding the Missing Piece which will be delivered by former presidential aspirant, John Onche Shaibu, who is the Keynote Speaker. Federal university Lokoja shuns NASU, SSANU strike Court restrains AGF, ICPC from seizing Yari’s… Put your activities on hold, FG orders youth council NGO offers healthcare to 300,000 under-5 children in Benue “The event will come up on Sunday, September 15, 2019 at the Lagos Airport Hotel, B Event Hall, Ikeja, also shortlisted 17 award categories for journalists. “This is an award that has been a vanguard of recognising the output of the media in our society for the past 13 years and we are not going to rest on our oars, even though it has not been easy to do this year in year out; this year, we intend to make it elaborate and special. We will be bringing Nollywood stars to the award to add glitz and glamour to the event. “We will also honour late Precious Owolabi with a posthumous award; he was a young man who believe in the profession practiced it passionately before paying the supreme price of death in the line of duty. As an organisation that always recognises the good work of journalists, we have to acknowledge his braveness even though he died a painful death. He will be honoured on the day of the event, we intend getting in touch with his family to receive it on his behalf. His case reminds of two Nigerian journalists Taiwo Awolusi and Krees Imobibie who died during the Liberia war in 1990,″ Alabi concluded  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...