A Gombe-based non-governmental Organisation, Gombe State Association of Women Care and Child Support (GOSWOCACS) on Wednesday commenced skills acquisition training for 200 girls in the state, aimed at discouraging street hawking. Malam Sani Danmalam, the association’s Chairman, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Gombe on Wednesday that the training, which is for six weeks, was on making of handbags, Cosmetology and Fashion design. According to Danmalam, the 200 girls are Orphans and Vulnerable people living under the care of guardians or less-privileged parents. ALSO READ: Miss Nigeria advises parents to monitor children’s view on TV, social media He was optimistic that at the end of the training, they would have become self-reliant, as well as employers of labour. The chairman lamented that in the course of hawking, the juveniles were exposed to numerous hazards. LSEB, NCDMB train 50 participants on practical technical… DSS, INEC seek legislation against fake news Osun election tribunal set to deliver judgment in three… Jumia to host NBA star, Andre Iguodala’s interactive… Danmalam said that the hazards to included accidents, sexual violence, and prostitution, among other problems. “The risk facing child hawkers in the modern day is indeed daunting, even for matured adults. “Therefore, all hands must be on deck to safeguard the future of the younger ones for a better tomorrow,’’ he said. Danmalam, however, lamented that the organisation was not financially viable as it relied on contributions from members to run its activities. He, therefore, called on public-spirited individuals and international organisations to assist by providing starter parks for the trainees. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the organisation donated scholastic materials to some primary schools pupils in Gombe metropolis recently. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...