The Jigawa office of the National Identification Management Commission (NIMC) said it registered 629, 230 persons in the state between 2013 and 2019. Alhaji Aminu Jakada, the coordinator of the commission in the state made this known in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Dutse on Tuesday. Jakada said that the registration was to speed up the enrollment of the residents for their National Identity Number (NIN). He called on those who had yet to enrol to do so before the mandatory use of the NIN is enforced. “So, people should endeavour to visit any of our centres close to their localities and enrol for their NIN. BREAKING: Deputy governor escapes death as robbers kill 3… Nigerians rank fifth among African students in Germany #EndSARS: [VIRAL VIDEO] SARS operatives shoot dead suspected… 12th African Games: Nigerian beach volleyballers lose to… ALSO READ: Buhari to Ministers―designate: We have responsibility to improve welfare of Nigerians “Youths and parents should be aware that the Joint Administration and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has directed that from 2020, all candidates writing UTME must have the National Identity Number,’’ Jakada said. The coordinator said that with the assistance of the state government, the commission was carrying out registration of residents in all the 27 local government areas of the state. According to him, the Emir of Kazaure, Alhaji Najib Husain, has opened 10 centres for enrollment of residents in his domain. He urged other stakeholders to assist in opening more centres in their communities to speed up the exercise. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...