THE presidency has said President Muhammadu Buhari is not indifferent to the killing of policemen by soldiers in Taraba State. This was disclosed by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu. Shehu, in his statement to the Channels Television on Monday, said Nigerians must be patient with Buhari, noting that the president would take action after the panel set up by the Chief of Defence Chief, General Gabriel Olonisakin, had submitted its report. He confirmed that a committee was set up during the National Security Council meeting to investigate the killing of three policemen and a civilian by soldiers in Taraba State. Tribune NUJ commends Seyi Makinde over Moses Alao’s… Do not select moneybags as my successor, Awujale tells… One killed, seven injured as police attempt to arrest… I’ll appoint an expert as agriculture minister ― Buhari ALSO READ: PDP, APC rake in N508m from sales of Bayelsa governorship forms The president’s aide said the insinuation of indifference on the part of President Buhari was untenable. “Contrary to the mischievous insinuations, President Buhari had ordered the Chief of Defence Staff to set up an investigation committee with representatives from all the security organisations in the country, including the police. “The president is not indifferent to the unfortunate incident and would take decisive action as soon as the report of the panel is submitted to him. He is following due process and procedure. “Putting the cart before the horse is not President Buhari’s way of doing things. Nigerians should show patience while the president awaits the report of the panel from the Chief of Defence Staff,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...