Veteran reggae musician, Orits Wiliki, has said the media must endeavour to promote music with morally upright contents because it is whatever they transmit on air that youths will accept. He said this while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Thursday. The artiste said that a substantial percentage of music produced by artistes in the 21st Century contained contents with little value. According to Wiliki, all artistes must stop singing about nudity, alcohol and money. ALSO READ: PMAN wants more cordial engagements by Ministers of Information, Labour “Sound wise, contemporary music is up to international standards and that is why it is being accepted by the public right now. “Nonetheless, the contents of these songs needed to be worked on. “There should be room for good and healthy contents because many Nigerians are on the lookout for inspirational lyrics,” he said. #BBNAIJA2019: Housemates celebrate Esther Ghanaian actress, Juliet, slams TV presenter over comments… Obamas make Hollywood movie debut with ‘American… PMAN wants more cordial engagements by Ministers of… He added that radio stations that played old music with relatable contents were having wider audience than those that were not. NAN reports that Wiliki stormed the industry in the mid 80s with his album `Tribulation’. ALSO READ: Glo commends Wizkid, Yemi Alade, Tekno et al for featuring in “Lion King” soundtrack He had since then continued to push out reggae tracks with his unique style of playing the talking drum as part of his instruments. He said that different genres of music came in different styles and fashions because music operates in a cycle. “Ten years ago, we were talking about a different genre of music. There is always a beginning and an end to the old genre for a new sound to evolve. “What we are experiencing today is the packaging of the old records into becoming the new. “Some of our artistes have been able to blend the melody of the old music with the new. “The new sounds from such mixing can be easily identified from anywhere in the world,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...