West Africa led the entries for the 2019 All Africa Music Awards (AFRIMA) with 38 percent. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Nigerian artists David ‘Davido’ Adeleke and Damini Ogulu aka Burna Boy were nominated for the award. AFRIMA’s call for entry, which opened on May 15, exceeded the 2018 submissions by 148 entries. Of the 8,157 entries submitted in 2019, Western Africa led the pack with 38 percent of the total entries followed by Southern Africa with 24 percent. ALSO READ: Tiwa Savage, Davido, Burna Boy, Simi nominated for 2019 AFRIMA Eastern Africa has 20 percent, Central Africa snagged 20 percent and Northern Africa got 4 percent. The 13-man International Jury of AFRIMA reviewed the entries from Aug. 7, 2019, to Aug. 14. They screened, assessed, graded and selected nominees into the 36 different Regional and Continental awarding categories of AFRIMA. Speaking on the release of the final Nominees’ List, Mr Delani Makhalima, a member of the International Jury of AFRIMA representing Southern Africa, said the entries were impressive. #BBNaija 2019: Khafi wins puzzle challenge, becomes Head of… #BBNaija Season 4: Tacha, Mercy receive strikes Gedoni, Jackye evicted from  #BBNaija season four Specdo to features Tekno, Solid Star in Manyan He said, “as with each year, the musicians never cease to amaze us with their incredible talent. As jurors, we are impressed with the quality of work being produced. “We are confident that the nominees’ list presented this year is a true reflection of world-class African talent and each year it gets harder and harder to judge and grade the standard. “All regions on the African continent continue to surprise us by what we see and hear. “It is encouraging to also see how the music lovers and fans are growing in record numbers to support the music. ALSO READ: 6th AFRIMA: 8157 entries set new submission record “We are enthusiastic to see this wave of appreciation transcend across the border and overseas. “We would like to encourage more musicians, songwriters, and producers to keep submitting and spreading the word of AFRIMA. “This is so that we can celebrate together the progress and pinnacles of where African music is reaching”, he added. The 2019 main awards event scheduled for Nov. 20 to Nov. 23 will span four days, packed with activities which include the Welcome Soiree and Music Business Summit (AMBS). It will also feature the 6th AFRIMA Music Village, a Guided Tour of the Host City, the exclusive 6th AFRIMA Nominees Party and the 6th AFRIMA Main Awards ceremony. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...