Some members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) recently escaped from orientation camps to avoid arrest for being in possession of fake university certificates, Director-General, NYSC, Brigadier- General Shuaibu Ibrahim on Thursday. Shuaibu who spoke during a media parley in Abuja accused some university administrators of enrolling unqualified Nigerians for mobilization into the youth service. “We have already informed all the Corps Producing Institutions (CPI) of our intention to blacklist any of them that engages in this act”, he stated. ALSO READ: NYSC criminalises mobilisation of unqualified graduates According to the NYSC boss, because some corps members were being rejected from their places of primary assignments, the Corps decided to test the proficiency and competence of corps members by “many of them were not able to write the alphabets correctly. “Some of them couldn’t even write a sentence correctly”, Shuaibu lamented while insisting that the Corps will abide by its enabling Act and bar unqualified Nigerians from being mobilized for the service. He noted also that certain individuals also present fake results sourced mostly from foreign institutions, particularly in West Africa, for mobilization into the scheme. “Let me reiterate our warning that any person who presents fake certificate in an attempt to get mobilized for service will be handed over to security agencies for prosecution. “Similar fate awaits any unauthorized person caught wearing NYSC uniform, especially to mislead or defraud unsuspecting members of the public. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...