The chairman of the Independent Corrupt Practices Commission (ICPC), Prof Bolaji Olasanoye has stated that the country had spent two trillion naira on constituency projects in the last 19 years without commensurate results during the induction of new members of the institute of quantitative surveyors in Abuja. He said ICPC was tracking these projects in 12 states of the federation. Imagine the impacts these two trillion frittered projects between 2000 and 2019 could have done for the socio-economy development of the country. Even before this shocking revelation, Nigerians were inundated with the frightening news on how funds allocated for constituency projects were corruptly diverted by our legislators. Constitutionally, the national assembly has no power to award contracts; the award of contracts is within the power of the executive arm during the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting, usually presided over by the president and his cabinet. They discussed the contract proposal and awarded them. These contracts have to pass through the national tenders board which advertises and ensures only competent companies are given the jobs. Since the return of democracy in 1999, it seems this constitutional procedures have been altered or stopped and the system completely abused by the government; the national assembly which is constitutional by empowered or mandated to make laws for the betterment of Nigerians has become the haven of corruption. Besides the mouth-watering salary and allowances they legally or illegally enjoy, this sizeable number of legislators is accused of budget padding and outright extortion during its oversight functions of MDAs. These Nigerians were not surprised when the two trillion naira constituency projects question was raised by the chairman of ICPC. Attacks on South African business interests Laxity in ministerial screening Need for new security architecture in Nigeria Time for peace and solidarity The constituency projects are projects which, if fully implemented, would have direct bearing on the lives of constituents. Think about the building of hospitals, schools, construction of feeder roads or youth empowerment programes. There are legislators who have implemented these projects, some have partly done it while majority collected the funds and refused to erect even a local or ordinary shanty. If two trillion naira could be voted for constituency projects without corresponding impacts, it actually means the funds were either mismanaged or diverted. Two trillion naira is a huge resource which if properly utilised could stimulate and accelerate the Nigerian economy. Now, ICPC wants to investigate how the constituency funds were used or spent in the past 19 years. Can the anti-graft agency win the war? Ibrahim Mustapha Pambegua, Kaduna SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...