STUDENTS of Ibadan City Polytechnic have been urged to embrace entrepreneurial skills in order to not just be successful in their studies but to also make meaningful impact in the society. The call was made by the chairman, governing council of the institution, Ambassador Yemi Farounbi, during the grand finale of the institution’s annual week. The programme, which was held at the Ibadan City Polytechnic campus on Friday, had in attendance some traditional ruler, including the Olura of Ira, Oba Adio Amuda; the Olukotun of Ikotun, Oba Dr Ayeni; and the Asaobi of Isaobi, Oba Oluwagbemiga Olowe. In his speech, Ambassador Farounbi lauded the proprietor of the school, Mr Amos Ajanaku, for his tremendous efforts in ensuring that the school imparts to the students both learning and good character. Importance of history re-echoes  at NNMA lecture TETFund boss challenges varsities on national development FUOYE dismisses ASUU’s allegations UBEC budgets N2.7bn for construction of classrooms in 5,010… He also expressed his happiness about the school’s noticeable progress within a short period of time. “I feel excited and great that Ibadan City Polytechnic is fulfilling its promises of giving any student that comes into the school a good academic training. “Today’s event is an evidence that the school is not just teaching the students how to excel in their studies, but how to master one or two entrepreneurial skills that would be useful to them in future,” he said. The former Nigerian Ambassador to The Philippines, however, admonished the students to ensure they participate in one or more entrepreneurial training that the school has set aside for them before the end of their academic voyage. “I urge you all not to leave this school without participating in any of the entrepreneur training that the institution has made available to you,” he said. The highlight of the event was a display, where the students were made to showcase their expertise in various entrepreneurial skills they have mastered.    SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...