Former Head of State, General Yakubu Gowon (rtd.), has described Osun State as a role model to other states in the country in terms of peaceful coexistence among the people irrespective of their religious differences. The ex-leader, who had arrived the state since Saturday, led a prayer for the country through “Pray Nigeria” with a view of achieving a peaceful, secure and more united Nigeria. He described as amazing the way and manner he found the good people of Osun living together in peace and harmony and playing their roles well with prayer and unity for the good of the state, the country and mankind. Specifically, he said he was delighted the governor, who is a Muslim, agreed to host him during the Muslim festive period, a gesture the ex-leader noted, others would have politely turned down on the ground that it was a Sallah period. Expressing satisfaction with the level of understanding and tolerance for one another in the state despite differences in religious beliefs, Gowon maintained that other states and even Nigeria as a country must imbibe such attributes. He said among the states in the South West that he and his Nigeria Prays Movement team had been to, Osun State stands out in all ramifications, confessing an increase in his love for Osun. He appreciated God for blessing the state with the governor who believes in the efficacy of prayer. Cabinet formation: Bringing members of other parties may… Missing vehicles: Ajimobi got the facts wrong — Oyo govt Lagos nude dance: We’ll use Tekno as scapegoat — FG Buhari salutes Indimi at 72 ALSO READ: Capital punishment awaits kidnappers in Ogun State ― Abiodun Gowon further maintained that Nigerians need to develop a sense of unity, love and respect for one another, adding that his greatest wish is for Nigeria to continue to dwell in unity and peace. Gowon said: “I am delighted to tell everyone that Osun is a role model state for other states in the country because it has attributes that must be adopted by all to have peaceful co-existence. All the religious bodies: Christianity, Islam and traditional religion are clearly playing out their roles here as prayer warriors for the good of the state, for the good of Nigeria, and for the good of mankind. “Honestly, among the states that we have been to as Nigeria Prays Movement, Osun State stands out. We were well received, and we saw your good character on display. The governor told me he is a man of prayers and he believes in prayers. Responding, Oyetola said he felt honoured to welcome the former head of state to the state, describing the retired general as a man of history that cannot be forgotten, adding that National Youth Service Corps was established during his time as the country’s leader and it fostered unity till date. He said that the retired general has continued to demonstrate how a statesman should be, stating further that even after leaving office, he still had the love of Nigeria at heart, as this was evident in his establishment of the Nigeria Prays Movement, a major spiritual body in the county. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...