The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Ogun State Command, on Thursday, advised all migrants in the State to register in the on-going migrant e-registration exercise across the country. The exercise, according to the Comptroller of NIS in the state, Doris Braimah, is the initiative of the Federal Government, to ensure that all foreigners residing in Nigeria were properly documented for planning and security purposes. Braimah while sensitising leaders of different foreign nationals at the command’s headquarters, in Abeokuta, explained that the registration can be done online, while the e-registration centre within the command premises is open for the exercise on working days. She added that the foreigners were granted six months amnesty to register without any penalty. The comptroller added that exercise would be flagged off by Governor Dapo Abiodun, next week. ALSO READ: Mother beats four-year-old daughter to death in Ondo Buhari, APC have fooled Nigerians says Secondus DPR seals gas plant over illegal operations in Ogun, arrest… $9bn damage against Nigeria in British court: FG to deal… CBN donates ‘Centre of Excellence’ worth N7bn to ABU “The federal government decided that it is important that the Nigeria Immigration Service register every foreigner in Nigeria. A committee was however set up and that is why we are here today. “By God’s grace, the registration will be flagged off next week by the Governor of Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun. We are here today to sensitise you of this move. It is safe for you to register so as to live above embarrassment from the security agencies. “Please speak with your people living in Ogun state and ensure that they come out to register. Migration has been happening even before we were born, but because of a lot of things that are happening today, we must document every foreigner. “Everyone that is not a Nigerian must register including the children under the ages of 18 years. Either you have travelling document or not, come forward and register. “Mr President has granted six months amnesty for people who are yet to register to do so. The only set of people who will not partake in the registration are people of the diplomatic community because we already have their details. “We have two types of registration, There is self-registration, where you can register from your home and then come here for thumb printing or you can come here and everything will be done for you here,” she added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...