As adherents of Osun Osogbo deity converged on the groove at Osogbo for the grand finale of this year’s festival, Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola on Friday charged indigenes of the state and those in diaspora to collaborate with his administration in promoting the annual festival. In his remark, Oyetola contended that Osun Osogbo festival, having been the most popular and recognised in Nigeria by UNESCO needed to be elevated to a world standard. He further maintained that “Osun Osogbo festival has blossom into an international event witnessed by about a million tourists all over the world. “The festival is a bound between Osun the river goddess and the people in need and the lesson in this festival is faithfulness which we need to imbibe for peace and development of the state”. “This festival is very important to the government and the people of Osun as it is our cultural heritage and remains the most popular and the most regonised by UNESCO.The government has done the renovation of the groove and we are   constructing a car park to   conform with the UNESCO standard. Kogi guber: Ata Igala confers chieftaincy title on former… Ekweremadu escapes IPOB members attack in Germany Adhere to professional ethics, medical practitioners advised Anambra 2021: PPA collapses structure to PDP “We urged our indigenes in diaspora to partner with the government to promote and project the festival for global recognition”, Oyetola concluded. This is just as the Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, Otunba Gani Adams promised to end insecurity, kidnappings, banditry and other forms of criminality in the South West within four months. The duo made these known while addressing a mammoth crowd of adherents, traditionalists, local and international tourists who thronged Osun Osogbo groove for the festival. According to Adams, who said he was coronated as generallisimo of Yorubaland, “parts of my duties among others is to defend and protect the Yoruba people against any criminality and to ensure that Yoruba people are protected against any forces.” “I am a warrior and I’m ordained to ensure that Yoruba people are protected. I am assuring you that I would use everything within my reach to make sure problem of insecurity becomes the issue of the past. I will make sure I crush the insecurity”, he stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...