The National Chairman of the Action Alliance (AA), Chief Kenneth Udeze, earlier reported to have been abducted by unknown gunmen at Dutse Alhaji, a suburb of the Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Abuja, on Friday, was not kidnapped as claimed but was actually arrested by the police with a valid court order. Tribune Online findings revealed that the AA National Chairman was arrested by the operatives attached to the Zone 11 of the Nigerian Police Force, with Headquarters in Osogbo, the Osun State capital on Friday after alleged series of evasion of arrest, as confirmed by the police. It was gathered that three of his associates had earlier been arrested by the operatives of the Zone 11 and were currently being investigated before Udeze’s arrest was effected on Friday. ALSO READ: ​MAPOLY Radio 99.7FM begins operation September ― Rector Sarz: Prolific producer who never stops winning EFCC arrests two suspected internet fraudsters wanted by FBI BREAKING: IG orders immediate arrest of Shi’ite leaders… Ebonyi recovers N60m from state, LG ghost workers The wife of the detained politician, Mrs Genevieve Udeze, and the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) had raised the alarm on Friday that Udeze was abducted by unknown gunmen at the premises of a commercial bank where he had gone to complain against the unauthorised heavy withdrawals he noticed from his account. They both alleged that he was whisked away in a waiting black SUV by his abductors as witnessed by his driver of many years. They further demanded his immediate release as well. While alleging that Udeze’s abduction is as a result of the crisis rocking Imo State, they demanded the probe of some political actors in the state. However, Police sources who spoke to Tribune Online indicated that the operatives actually identified themselves to Chief Udeze with a warrant of arrest duly signed before his arrest was effected on the spot. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...