THE chairman of the  Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Kano State chapter, Reverend Samuel Adeyemo,  has stressed the need for President Muhammadu Buhari to review the security architecture in order to address the security challenges facing the country. This is just as the Christian body commended  the state  governor, Umar Ganduje, for his efforts in protecting lives and properties  in every part of the state. N-Power beneficiaries appeal to FG for timely payment of stipends Adeyemo made this recommendation at the pastors solemn assembly for the peace and security of the church held  at Believers Fellowship Baptist Church, Kano. The world has lost conscience of decency, morality, says… When GOMAN led top Nigerians, clerics to National Altar  of… Day CAC Ibadan taught parents, Christians  how to overcome… Excitement as cleric fetes  children, others in Delta “Attacks in the North-East as well as banditry, kidnapping and armed robbery on the highways in other parts of the country are the basis for the appeal and the prayers,” he said. He also observed that God has been merciful to the city of Kano by shielding it from the growing wave of insecurity. “The wave of kidnappings, herdsmen killings, armed robbery attacks on our highways and the insecurity in nation prompted us to call for these prayers. Muslims and Christians must rise up and pray. “Secondly, let the security apparatus of the nation be reviewed, let them review it because we have the expertise, we have the materials to restore the nation’s security,” he added. He added that the coming together of all the pastors in the state for a solemn prayer on security was an acknowledgement of the protection of God and a prayer for the sustenance of the peace. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...