Alhaji Ahmed Matane, Secretary to the State Government (SSG) in Niger on Friday urged the people to be more security conscious in confronting the present insecurity problems bedevilling some parts of the state. He gave the advice in a statement made available to newsmen by the SSG’s Information Officer, Lawal Tanko, in Minna. Matane spoke during an interactive meeting with Fulani leaders, rural dwellers, security agencies and other stakeholders held at Kotonkoro in Mariga Local Government Area of the state. ALSO READ: Zamfara govt to construct 14 healthcare centres The secretary to the state government said that government was worried over activities of armed bandits, kidnappers and cattle rustlers. Matane said that government was leaving no stone unturned in holistically tackling the dastardly act once and for all in the state. He condemned in strong terms the degree of carnage and mayhem bandits and kidnappers are causing in some parts of the country. Matane reiterated the government’s continued determination to rid the state of any security threat. Toyota to build vehicle assembly plants in Ghana, Ivory… Buhari ready to fight corruption, insecurity, says Police… Bauchi gov, Bala Mohammed sacks political aide Gunmen kidnap Action Alliance National Chairman, Udeze, in… “The present administration led by Gov. Abubakar Bello is leaving no stone unturned in fashioning out strategies that will bring lasting solutions as well as forestall any breach of security in the state,’’ he said. Matane was optimistic that the interactive meeting would afford the people an opportunity to come up with strategies that would help secure the borders and communities from trans-border terrorism and migration of armed bandits and kidnappers. Earlier, the Commissioner of Police, Niger State Command, Adamu Usman, warned bandits, kidnappers, cattle rustlers and perpetrators of other criminal activities to desist from their nefarious activities or face the law. He urged vigilante groups in the area not to engage in any operations without the consent and involvement of the police or any security agency. The commissioner warned that violation of the order by any vigilante group will be decisively dealt with. Speaking at the occasion, Alhaji Hussaini Bosso, the Vice-Chairman, Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria, Niger State Chapter, said that those perpetrating banditry, kidnapping, robbery and other criminal activities were not from Niger but neighbouring states. Bosso was optimistic that the meeting would put an end to the migration of bandits, kidnappers and cattle rustlers from the neighbouring states to Niger. In separate remarks, the Fulani leaders and other relevant stakeholders resolved to collaborate with the security agencies to find lasting solutions to the security challenges and other criminal activities in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...