THE International Labour Organization (ILO), says it adopted the Centenary Declaration for the Future of Work 2019 in response to the challenges of globalisation, climate change and changes being experienced in the world of work as a result of technological innovations. The declaration, described as a roadmap for a human-centred future, was adopted during the 108th session of the International Labour Congress (ILC) in Geneva, in June this year. “The world of work is experiencing transformative change, driven by technological innovations, demographic shifts, climate change and globalisation. In response to these challenges and to mark 100 years since the ILO’s founding, a Centenary Declaration for the Future of Work was adopted in 2019 at the 108th Session of the International Labour Congress (ILC). The declaration focuses on three areas of action, which include increasing investment in people’s capabilities; increasing investment in the institutions of work; and increasing investment in decent and sustainable work. Nigeria’s Labour Ministry very weak — ILO International Youth Day: Nigerian youths urge govt to pay… TUC calls for review of revenue sharing formula Non-remittance of pension: Private sector  employers, state… The body called on all member states to ensure all people benefit from the changing world of work; ensure the continued relevance of the employment relationship; and ensure adequate protection for all workers. It also called on member states of ILO to promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full employment and decent work; and to set priorities for the ILO’s work, as outlined in its programme and Budget. The organisation said the Declaration draws inspiration from the ILO’s founding principles to underscore the imperative justice and reinvigorate the ILO to shape a future of decent work for all. It emphasised that the ILO’s Future of Work Initiative brought to light many of the transformational changes that are occurring in the world of work. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...