PEARLY Bluewaters International Consulting firm has stressed the need for organisations and businesses to deploy technology for business growth and continuity. The chief executive officer of the firm, Mr Victor Oshodi,  who gave the advice at a forum organised late last week by the National Information Technology Reporters’ Assocation (NITRA) in Lagos said businesses fail in the 21st century because they refused to allow technology to drive the businesses. According to him, the world has gone digital and every business, including Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) must automate their operations in line with modern technology to align with global trends in business. Giving insight into some of its technology solutions that address business and organisational needs, the project director, Pearly Bluewaters, Mr Joseph Ogunleye, said the management consulting firm with vast experience in providing intelligent business advice and solutions to businesses in Nigeria and globally provides unique service solutions to SMEs and corporate organisations based on their needs and challenges. PDP governors condemn killing of Police officers, commercial… Speaking on its business expansion and advisory services, Ogunleye said the firm’s Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) solution, which is developed in-house with 100 per cent local content, addresses the issue of big data analytics and that organisations could gather data, analyse such data and use the outcome for on-the-spot business decision. E-Nigeria to become Africa’s ICT conference, exhibition by… FRSC trains NCC workers on road safety regulations NITDA approves 5 ICT regulatory guidelines to boost economy TWINWash dance contest: LG rewards winners with LG products,… “Blue ERP software is used for both big and small organisations for its centralised approach to business processes. “With it, customers can collect, store, manage, and interpret data from various business units. Likewise, ERP is used to automate back-office tasks and streamline cross-departmental workflows. “When optimised, the solution can drive efficiency, lower costs and increase profitability. Our ERP software is a suite of applications that helps to manage core business processes. “We develop well-crafted websites, true-to-life business solution software that engage business people successfully and meet today’s business challenges and our clients’ business models,” Ogunleye said. According to him, apart from the firm’s indigenous developed business tools like E-invoicing and Inventory, the Pearly Bluewaters also has solution for complete school management called the Blue Intellect School, which is an online portal that addresses school needs from access, online admission, online fee collection, online library, automatic timetable generation, to online assignment through computer-based test (CBT). The school solution, which is currently deployed in private schools across Lagos and some few states in the country, empowers schools to effectively manage their students and expose them to digital skills that will prepare them for the future. Although Ogunleye expressed the desire of the firm to introduce the school management solution software to public schools, he however expressed worries that public schools may not be able to maintain it, for lack of adequate infrastructure like internet connectivity, laboratory equipment and other school management equipment. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...