Federal Government has called for more off-grid solutions as a means of guaranteeing adequate power supply to Nigerians. Speaking during the commissioning of the 2 x 60MVa, 132/33KV substations and associated 132KV transmission lines in Abeokuta, Ogun State on Thursday, the Vice-President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, stated that it is impossible to satisfy all power customers from the grid, hence the need to open up the market and allow for more off-grid solution providers on a willing-buyer willing-seller model. According to him, “It is evident that despite all the efforts that has been put into trying to expand the grid, the structure of the market today cannot deliver on the government’s promises to provide power for domestic and industrial use. “A substantial change in strategy is necessary. There is clearly a need for a change of strategy. What we have done in the past has taken us to a point where there is clearly a change of strategy. We need to open up the electricity market for other investors.” Furthermore, Osinbajo said that the distribution capacity of the 11 discos is significantly low, hovering at around 4,000 MW on average with a peak at about 5,400MW. ALSO READ: PDP must chase out saboteurs to win Lagos ― Segun Adewale Ekiti Commissioner heads RMAFC revenue allocation committee Presidential poll: Atiku, PDP file final written addresses… N-Power beneficiaries appeal to FG for timely payment of… I’ll ensure quality, affordable education in Osun ― Oyetola He added that despite all the availability of about 8,000MW of generation and 7,000MW of transmission capacity, the lack of discos’ infrastructure to absorb and deliver grid power to end-users has a largely restricted generation to an average of about 4,000MW, and sometimes even falling below 4,000MW. He, however, assured Nigerians that the Federal Government is committed towards ensuring effective and cost-reflective power supply in the country. In his remarks, the Chief Executive Officer of the Niger Delta Power Holding Company (NDPHC), Mr Chiedu Ugbo, said the new 2×60MVA, 132/33KV substation of Abeokuta, when fully come on stream, would provide reliable power off-take via six 33KV distribution feeders to the state capital (Abeokuta) and its environs. He explained further that the 1×60MVA transformer at Otta will provide additional power supply via three 33KV feeders to Otta and its environs. Besides, Ugbo underscored the importance of the projects and said they would impact positively on power supply to Abeokuta, Otta axis and Papanlantoro. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...