The eight-year-old wedlock between a couple, Olufemi Ekemode and his wife, Oyebola Ekemode, has been dissolved by Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State. Olufemi in his divorce suit alleged that his marriage to his wife had crashed because both were not compatible.  The plaintiff thus prayed the court to end their relationship. Oyebola refused to come to court despite being served a court summon and court hearing. Olufemi stated before the court that:”My lord, it’s necessary that I end my marriage to my wife since we are making no headway in it. “We contracted our marriage eight years ago. I work with a church in Lagos while she and our children live in Ife. I, therefore, shuttle between Lagos and Ife in order to ensure I give my family the necessary attention. “Our marriage unfortunately has been facing difficulties since we contracted it. The more we try to overcome these challenges, the more we become overwhelmed by them. We have stayed together these long because of our determination that our marriage must work. “My lord, my wife gave me a strange call early one morning while I was in Lagos informing me she was no longer interested in our marriage. According to her, her pastor told her there would not be an end to the difficulties in our marriage because I’m not her right husband. “The more I tried to appeal to her senses, the more resolute she was. “She later sent our two children to me and asked that I put whoever pleases me between the two in my custody while she keeps the other with her. He accuses me of adultery, monitors me, threatens to kill me… She leaves home under the pretext of attending vigil;… ‘My ex-husband owes me N37,000, I want it back’ ‘He brings his lovers to our room, sends me out despite… “I confided in my pastor who later counseled her and promised to give her N50, 000 every month to augment the allowance I give her every month. She acceded to this agreement but to my surprise packed her belongings out of my house after the first time she received the N50, 000, “the plaintiff stated. “My lord, I’m also convinced that my union with Oyebola should be dissolved because it has been a challenging one. “There was hardly a time we had enough to eat. We ate from hand to mouth and were in the habit of borrowing without being able to pay back. “I was living a comfortable life before I got married to my wife. I showered her with much attention and gifts while we were dating but immediately after we contracted our marriage and she moved in, my fortune began to nose dive. “I started experiencing a setback in my business which invariably took its toll on our survival. It became a herculean task feeding my family on daily a basis while our children’s unpaid school fees began to escalate. “My lord, I started to notice that any time I put my wife in confident about a contract I was pursuing, I would never get it. But if I kept it away from her, I would be awarded it. “Any time she knew or she was involved in anything that would enhance my life the issue would naturally meet with a brick wall. It took a while before I realised she is afflicted with hard luck. “It’s two years since she has parted ways and has got married to another man. “My lord, I want to move on with my life and this has spurred my decision of seeking a divorce legally, “Olufemi stated. After hearing the evidence of the plaintiff and considering the fact that the defendant refused to show up in court after being served two summons, which according to the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, indicated she was no more interested in their marriage, he ruled that their marriage be dissolved. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...