FOLLOWING the protracted crisis that has rocked Katsina Alla axis of Benue State, the State Governor, Samuel Ortom has suspended two 3rd Class Chiefs from Katsina-Ala, Chief Tivlumun Ubugh, Mue Ter Chongo and Chief Ayoleve Ornguga, Mue Ter Ipusu as well as the District Head of Mbacher, Chief Luke Atomigba. The chiefs were suspended for their roles in the prolonged crisis between Shitile and Ikyurav. In the statement issued by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Terver Akase, the suspension of the chiefs followed the recommendation of the Benue State Security Council after its emergency meeting in Makurdi yesterday Governor Samuel Ortom read the Council’s resolutions during a marathon meeting with stakeholders from the local government area also held yesterday at the New Banquet Hall of the Benue Peoples House, Makurdi. ALSO READ:  BREAKING: We did not raid ex-Gov Ambode’s residence ― EFCC He stated that the traditional rulers had neglected their duties and exhibited nonchalance towards efforts aimed at resolving the crisis. Kwara Assembly approves dissolution of three commissions World Humanitarian Day: Red Cross seek more support from… Court orders wife to return carpet, mattress to husband Nestlé, IITA engage youth agripreneurs on access to… The Governor noted that the traditional rulers had instead, resorted to fuelling the crisis based on vested interests, thereby contravening the code of conduct enshrined in the Local Government and Chieftaincy Law of the State. The affected traditional rulers are to face a panel to be constituted by the Tor Tiv to investigate them and determine appropriate sanctions. According to the Governor, the Council also directed that all the District Heads from the area who declined an invitation to attend a security meeting with Tor Sankera, Chief Abu King Shuluwa would be queried to explain why disciplinary actions should not be taken against them. He said Council also warned the Tor Sankera to be a father to all his subjects and eschew sentiments and personal interest, pointing out that he should work with all his subjects to ensure peace in his domain. Governor Ortom said security agencies were directed by Council to go after criminal elements responsible for the unrest in the area and also arrest and prosecute any politician found culpable in the violence. The Governor urged the people of Katsina-Ala to go about their normal businesses without fear of molestation and report suspicious elements to security operatives for prompt action, adding that the President had already given marching orders to security agencies to tackle banditry in the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...