Governors on the platform of the People Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) have backed the re-appointment of Sen. Chris Ngige, as the Minister of Labour and Employment by President Muhammadu Buhari. Their support for his re-appointment was contained in congratulation messages sent to the newly appointed minister by the Governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano and his Benue State counterpart, Dr. Samuel Ortom; in which they congratulated him for the deserved appointment by the President. In separate letters personally signed by the governors, they expressed delight at the development, describing it as a vote of confidence on his stewardship. “This is indeed a vote of confidence on your spirit of patriotism and competence as well as your ability to deliver on national assignments. I am particularly proud of your immense achievements in public service as I urge you to fly the prestigious Anambra flag in the discharge of your duties at the federal level, ” Chief Obiano wrote. While commending the President for re-appointing Ngige, the Benue State Governor, said, “ I write on behalf of my family, government and the good people of Benue State to congratulate you on your re-appointment as the Minister of Labour and Employment. I believe that you will bring your wealth of experience in your previous public service positions to bear on the discharge of your duties with greater dedication.” NYSC bans corps members from driving vehicles of religious… Lagos-Ibadan rail: Amaechi seeks more money to build bridges… NHRC condemns illegal detention of 40 Nigerians by Navy $9bn judgement debt: Solicitor General absolves staff of… ALSO READ: NYSC bans corps members from driving vehicles of religious bodies “I am also optimistic that you will live up to expectation and use your good offices to add value to the system for accelerated development of our dear country,” Ortom added. Also, the Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria, an affiliate of the Trade Union Congress of Nigeria said the re-appointment of the Hon. Minister was well deserved, having diligently discharged his duties in the last four years as the Hon. Minister of Labour and Employment. “Indeed, as strategic partners in the industrial relations arena in the Public Service, we can attest with all sense of responsibility, that your tenure witnessed relative industrial peace and harmony in the country,” a letter signed by Bobboi Bala Kaigama and Alade Bashir Lawal, National President and Secretary respectively said. The union went further, “expectations are high that you will intervene in the ongoing protracted negotiation in respect of the consequential adjustment arising from N30, 000 monthly National Minimum Wage signed into law by the President on Thursday 18th April, 2019.” In a similar message, a former Minister, Ibrahim Nakande Salihu said the re-appointment of Sen. Ngige did not come as a surprise knowing full well his “landmark achievements in your previous endeavour. I have no doubt in my mind that these achievements earned you the confidence and respect of Mr. President to merit your nomination.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...