THE leadership of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has called for the prosecution of politicians linked to activities of the alleged kidnap kingpin, Hamisu Bala a.k.a Wadume as alleged in his confessional statement to the police. The student body insisted that until those behind such heinous activities are brought to book, the country would continue to witness internal security challenges as well as other crimes and criminality. Public Relations Officer of NANS, Comrade Adeyemi Azeez, in a statement on Sunday in Abuja, commended the police for re-arrest of Wadume. He also urged the Inspector-General of Police to revisit the case of Badoo cult group in Lagos so as to prosecute those involved in the killings, some of the victims, Adeyemi noted were students. It would be recalled that the Badoo group operated mostly at Ikorodu, Lagos and attacked victims in their sleep with objects, and use handkerchiefs to mop up the blood, which the residents said each blood-soaked handkerchief sold for N500,000. Some of those arrested then by the police confessed that they have been paid various sums of money by their patrons for bringing them such handkerchiefs. The statement reads in part: “The widely celebrated arrest of the alleged kidnap kingpin, Hamisu Wadume, has not only fuelled our fire of trust in the Nigerian Police force but also has equally put a garment of honour on the Inspector General of Police Mohammed Adamu. PDP, APGA governors back re-appointment of Ngige as Labour… NYSC bans corps members from driving vehicles of religious… Lagos-Ibadan rail: Amaechi seeks more money to build bridges… $9bn judgement debt: Solicitor General absolves staff of… ALSO READ: Military ‘super camps’ not effective strategy against Boko Haram ― Gov Zulum “We thank the police boss for an honest fight against kidnapping in the country as history will not forget him. “But the Wadume’s confession of having links to politicians including a sitting governor has compelled us as Nigerians, students leaders and stakeholders in the country’s affairs to call for the unearthing of the said politician(s) and ensure that they are brought to book. “In a similar development, the Badoo menace which has been subdued through the effort of our security agencies and God majorly needs to be investigated as the suspected kingpin is yet to either face the wrath of the law or have his properties back if truly he is not guilty of the allegation levelled against him. “The activities of this dreaded group remains fresh in our heart as many of our students lost their lives when the said group was ravaging most especially in the Ikorodu part of Lagos state. “We, however, call on the IG to revisit the Badoo case so as to fish out all the evil politicians in the country as the country cannot be free of criminality until the politicians who have continued to stand as bedrock and financier of this unscrupulous elements are smoked out. “We are also stating with every sense of commitment that we shall support the police if our help is sought for in this national project as security is not a one man’s business,” NANS said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...