Edo State government may have finally heeded the cries of residents of Igbei Road, Auchi in Etsako West Local Government Area of the state following an assurance by the deputy governor, Phillip Shaibu, that palliative measures would be carried on the road to save it from gully erosion. The road, which used to be the best in the polytechnic town, is now riddled with gullies, making it almost impassable for motorists, commercial motorcycle riders, and other road users. Shaibu, who spoke shortly after inspecting the road which connects Igbei community to Benin and Auchi, disclosed that the state government was at the threshold of awarding the contract for a total reconstruction of the road but for the design which was almost ready. ALSO READ: Tambuwal accuses FG of politicising anti-corruption fight He said: “The design is almost ready. Dealing with the surface of the road won’t be sufficient, you must deal with the erosion. Makinde swears in 27-year-old Fakorede, 2 others as… Beware of fraudulent loan offers, CBN warns Buhari greets Olubadan of Ibadan at 91 Presidential poll: Tribunal slates Sept 13 to decide Buhari,… “But what I have seen here today is that palliative measures must first be taken to save the road and some of these houses. “As I go back to Benin now, our technical team will come to check what we can do to save this road before the real design is carried out during the dry season.” The deputy governor noted that the reconstruction which will fully commence during the dry season will come with drainage on both sides. A community leader and former Speaker of Etsako West Local Government Area Legislative Arm, Alhaji Sani Umoru, lamented that persistent calls for the rehabilitation of the road had not been heeded. The ex-councilor, however, commended the palliative measures promised by the state government pending the reconstruction of the road after the rains. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...