The Group Managing Director (GMD), Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mallam Mele Kyari, is to lead other team of discussants to X-ray topical issues in the oil and gas industry at the 2019 edition of the Association of Energy Correspondents of Nigeria annual conference. The event, scheduled to hold at the Jasmine Hall, Eko Hotel and Suites Victoria Island on August 22, will play host to managing directors of international oil companies and their indigenous counterparts. Also expected are CEOs in the power sector value-chain. According to a statement by the General Secretary of the association, Mr. Sebastine Obasi, the NNPC GMD, who has committed to attend the event in person when he played host to the association’s executives led by its chairman, Mr. Olatunde Dododanwa and some members in Abuja last week, will be sharing his over 27 years wealth of experience in NNPC as he delivers the keynote address on the conference theme — ‘Harnessing Oil and Gas Potential for National Development’ and strategies on how best to harness oil and gas potential for national development. Managing Director of ExxonMobil Nigeria who also doubles as chairman of Oil Producers Trade Section (OPTS) of Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI), Mr. Paul McGrath, is the chairman of the conference. Met Police officer, Khafi Kareem, faces sack for appearing on #BBNaija… Lack of adequate data inimical to oil, gas sector growth… We must not cancel power sector privatisation —TCN MD NNPC/SNEPCo cancer machine reduces treatment waiting time by… Oil service firms to benefit from AfCFTA —Wabote The conference will feature two technical sessions. The first technical session is titled: ‘Effects of Sanctity of Contracts on Commercial Operations” while the second technical session is titled: “Commercial Viability in Gas- to- Power Value Chain”. Speakers expected at the conference include: Director of Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), Ahmad Rufai Shakur; Group Managing Director of Oando Plc, Mr. Wale Tinubu; Managing Director of Aiteo Group, Victor Okoronkwo; Managing Director of ExxonMobil Nigeria, Mr. Paul Mc Grath; Managing Director of Total Nigeria, Mr. Mike Sangster; Managing Director of Nigeria LNG, Mr. Tony Attah and President of Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE), Mr. Debo Fagbami. Others are; Managing Director/CEO of Niger Delta Power Holding Company (NDPHC), Mr. Chiedu Ugbo; Managing Director of Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC), Mr. Adeoye Fadebiyi; Managing Director of Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN), Mohammed Gur;  Executive Secretary of Association of Power Generation Companies, Dr. Joy Ogali; The President of Nigeria Gas Association (NGA),  Audrey Joe-Ezigbo, amongst others. The highlight of this year’s conference is the conferment of ‘NAEC’s Award of Excellence’ on the Group General Manager (GGM), Group Public Affairs Division (GPAD), NNPC, Mr. Ndu Ughamadu, MFR, and ‘NAEC’s Lifetime Achievement Award’ on General Manager, Corporate Communications, Niger Delta Power Holding Company (NDPHC), Alhaji Yakubu Lawal. Other award recipients are Shell Nigeria, Chevron, Total, ExxonMobil, amongst others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...