Prominent Nigerians including a Federal Government delegation led by the Chief of Staff to the president, Abba Kyari and Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha converged on Sokoto on Saturday to witness the wedding ceremony of the daughter of Sultan of Sokoto, Fatima Abubakar and her groom Mahmood Abdullahi Yuguda. The wedding ceremony held at Sultan Muhammadu Bello Jummat Mosque Sokoto was also attended by Sokoto State Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, his Zamfara, Imo, Osun and Enugu states. ALSO READ: FG launches ”Not for Sale” campaign to address human trafficking Also in attendance were Emir of Kano, Emir of Gwandu, Emir of Brass, Emir of Keffi, Etsu Nupe as well as Oluwo of Iwo in Osun State. Gombe, Bangladesh explore areas of partnership in trade,… Ohanaeze calls for thorough investigation into Enugu… Name those who gave you N13m, APC challenges Wadume We will deliver our mandate — Tijjani Aliyu Others include prominent Islamic clerics, business mogul Alh Aliko Dangote, Deputy speaker of House of Representatives and Chief Justice of Nigeria. Fatima Abubakar’s hands in marriage to Mahmood Abdullahi Yuguda was sought by his representative, Emir of Bauchi, Alh Rilwanu Sulaiman Adamu from the bride representative, Emir of Gwandu, Alh Muhammadu Iliyasu Bashar. The marriage was solemnised by a group of Islamic clerics, comprising the Chief Iman of Sultan Muhammad Bello Central Mosque Sokoto, Deputy chief Imam of Bauchi and Professor Shehu Galadanci, the Chief Imam of National mosque and led by Sarkin Malaman of Sokoto, Sheikh Buhari Siriddawa after the payment of fifty thousand Naira bride price. Shortly after the wedding Fatiha, special prayers to commemorate the 63rd birthday of Sultan Muhammadu Sa’ad Abubakar III was offered and led by the Chief Imam of Ghana, Sheikh Usman Sharubutu. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...