Goldberg brand ambassador, Olamide and top A-list artiste in the industry, such as king of Juju music, Sunny Ade; Pasuma; Taye Currency displayed class the city of Lagos at the grand finale of Ariya Repete 2019. After three months and 11 events across eight cities, the music spectacle finally came to a conclusion last Friday, as thousands of music fans witnessed the final of Ariya Repete 2019. As expected, the night was full of performances from all the finalists. The nine remaining contestants were full of zest and charisma as they competed for the grand prize of N20 million. While three lucky winners etched their name in Ariya Repete history, they were not the only ones who left ICM with smiles on their faces, as everyone in attendance had the time of their lives thanks to stunning performances by the finalists and the guest stars. First off was Taye Currency. The Fuji veteran was full of life as he engaged the crowd in a sing-along. Currency is a very confident performer, and his charisma was on full display when he mounted the stage. Nude dance: NCAC vows to use Tekno as scapegoat, to teach… Nollywood Actor, Lateef Adedimeji Joins Rolad Properties As… Csl unveils Season 2 of higher institution music competition My plan is to be the best DJ in Africa —DJ Gavpop Next up was King Sunny Ade. It’s hard not to run out of superlatives after watching his performance. KSA continues to prove that age is nothing but a number, whilst also offering a timely reminder of his immense talents as a performer. Wrapping up the night were the performances of Pasuma and Goldberg Brand ambassador, Olamide. From “Eni Duro” to “Oil and Gas”, the hip-hop virtuoso took his fans down memory lane with a performance that will not be forgotten anytime soon. While Pasuma capped off the night with a stellar performance that was fitting of the occasion. The night also featured the launch of Goldberg’s new label and this was greeted by a roar of excitement from all in attendance. It’s safe to say this was a memorable night, which had it all. It’s no surprise, everyone is eagerly anticipating what the brand does next, If it’s anything like this then we’re here for it. The relaunch marks a new dawn for Goldberg Lager, which has now been reformulated for a greater tasting experience. The all-new Goldberg is the mark of respect and is now adorned with the image of the talking drum. The bottle also features a new crown cork, a motif design on its label as well as two beautifully designed medallions that speak to the excellent craftsmanship of the brand. All of these new aesthetic features powerfully reflects the stature and stance of Goldberg as the market leader. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...