A man, Olufemi Ige has dragged his wife, Taiye Ige before Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State seeking that it ends their 11-year-old relationship. My wife is afflicted with hard luck; she ruined me, dumped… He accuses me of adultery, monitors me, threatens to kill me… ‘My ex-husband owes me N37,000, I want it back’ ‘He brings his lovers to our room, sends me out despite…  Olufemi had sought for divorce on the accounts of misbehaviour and deceit by the latter. The plaintiff further pleaded with the court if his prayer was answered to grant him custody of their two children since his wife did not have time for them. Taiye acceded to divorce. “Taiye is a pain in the neck. I can’t stick her any longer, I pray that you separate us today, “Olufemi told the court. “My lord, I no longer have a say in our home because Taiye never ceases to rub shoulders with me. We quarrel over this everyday because I always tell her that two captains can’t be in a ship. “She has no respect for me. She flouts my orders at will and dares the consequence. “She has also proved to be unreliable over the years. I, therefore, find it difficult confiding in her or making any plan with her, “he stated. “Taiye is stubborn and always insists on having her way no matter how much I appeal to her to see reason. On many occasions she goes too far and we will end up in a brawl. “My lord, I’m tired of replacing items in our home due to my wife’s violent nature. Whenever we have a misunderstanding, she goes irate, smashes and destroys everything in the house. She is also in the habit of harming me with dangerous objects. “I have reported her to her parents but they have not been helpful because they lack the ability to sit her down and talk sense into her. “My lord, Taiye is a habitual liar. She lies to me she’s going for vigil but will never get to church. I no longer trust her because I don’t know where she sleeps anytime she leaves home under the pretext of going to church. “My lord, my wife’s movement is suspicious; I don’t want her to cut my life short in my prime. I pray that you separate us, “the plaintiff said. “My lord, Olufemi is making excuses to cover up his inadequacies in the home. He’s irresponsible and has failed in carrying out his duties. I have therefore added his duties to mine, “Taiye stated while giving her evidence. “He accused me of lying, but he’s the greatest liar. He lied to me when we met that he didn’t have a wife but few months into our marriage, I discovered he not only have a wife but also children. He took to maltreating me and our children because of his wife. “I never lied to him about attending vigil. I have never lied in my whole life. I’m a prayer warrior and always attend vigil to pray in order that peace might reign in my home. “My parents have mediated in our issue to no avail. He once cooked up a lie against me which got my father mad against me that he slapped me. “My lord, my husband is dancing to his parents’ will. They are the ones behind our crises.  His parents have never been in support of our marriage and have always sought a means of separating us. “If Olufemi is insisting on divorce, then let it be. But I implore this honourable court to please grant me custody of our two children who are still young and need the motherly care and attention, “the defendant pleaded. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade dissolved their union and granted custody of their two children to the defendant. The plaintiff was asked to pay the sum of N20, 000 monthly through the court as their feeding allowance. He was also ordered to be responsible for their education and health care. Both parties were advised to maintain peace. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...