Daredevil armed robbers operating on a motorcycle on Wednesday night shot dead a Point of Sales operator, identified as Adetutu, at Oke Ogba area of Akure, the Ondo state capital. Two of the hoodlums were said to have pretended to visit the shop to transact business when they demanded for the sales of the day from the young lady. According to an eye witness, the girl who had been operating the business in the area for some months tried to escape from the shop with the money when she was shot by one of the robbers. She said the gunshot attracted shop owners and residents of the area who all ran for cover while the robbers left with an undisclosed amount of money on a waiting motorcycle She, however, said the young girl gave up before help could reach her while the incident was reported to the police station. ALSO READ: NAPTIP nabs 62-year-old shoemaker for raping 12-year-old girl The eyewitness said, ” The sales girl was in the shop when the bandits came to them on motorcycle and pretended to do business with her. NAPTIP nabs 62-year-old shoemaker for raping 12-year-old… Man, 40, docked for allegedly stealing employer’s N1.9m… Police arraign company’s secretary for allegedly calling her… Lawyer, two others docked for allegedly defrauding woman of… “As they were trying to forcefully collect money from the sales girl, she attempted to run out of the shop while one the robbers shot her and collected certain amount of money from her . ” People scampered for safety with the gunshot, while all the shop owners and residents of the street ran for safety. This gave the robbers the opportunity to escape from the area before the arrival of policemen. The incident happened less than 24 hours after a middle-aged worker of a publishing company was shot dead in a night robbery at the Ajipowo/Ogundipe Estate in Akure. When contacted, the Ondo State State Police Public Relation Officer (PPRO), Mr Femi Joseph, who confirmed the incident said the command had begun investigation into the incident. Speaking on the incessant robbery cases in Akure, the state capital, in the recent time, he said the command was already working towards taming such ugly development in the capital city and other towns in the state. ” We have commenced investigation into the Wednesday robbery and I want to assure you that those criminals would soon be arrested, ” We are re-strategising our security architecture. The commissioner of police has met all the DPOs (Divisional Police Officers) in the state and I am sure the situation will be brought under control,” Joseph said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...