A youth group in the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kwara state, the Congress of Kwara Youths, an umbrella body of youth associations across the state, has urged the state chairman of the party, Honourable Bashiru Bolarinwa, to resign his appointment with immediate effect. Speaking to journalists shortly after an emergency meeting held in Ilorin on Monday, the spokesperson of the group,  Ishaq Ibrahim, who read the resolutions of the group, gave the party seven days ultimatum to remove Honourable Bolarinwa from office. Meanwhile, Honourable Bolarinwa, in his reaction, said that the youth group is baseless and faceless, adding that it does not have any link with the party. “The group is not in a position to ask for my removal as the chairman of the party because they are not recognized by the party. Let me also add that there is nothing the state government is doing that the party and I have not been supporting. I have always been with the governor in all his programmes,” he said. ALSO READ: Aare Latoosa sues for peace over Iyaloja chieftaincy title of Bodija market Makinde swears in 27-year-old Fakorede, 2 others as… Beware of fraudulent loan offers, CBN warns Buhari greets Olubadan of Ibadan at 91 Presidential poll: Tribunal slates Sept 13 to decide Buhari,… Ibrahim, who is also the coordinator of Ilorin Emirate Youths Assembly, noted that, “We have carefully watched the trend of political happenings in the state in the last few days and we hereby lend our voice to corroborate the position of other stakeholders in the state who have earlier called for the party chairman’s removal. “Honourable Bolarinwa’s disloyalty attitude to Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq doesn’t portray that of a true party helmsman who is expected to foster prudence, peace, unity and prosperity among members. He has demonstrated high level of indiscipline, arrogance and insubordination against the highest ruling class in the state. “We are urging him to retrace his step. Apologise unreservedly immediately to our governor and plead his loyalty to him so that the governor can continue to achieve his God-given aim of repositioning the state without any unnecessary distraction from within. “It won’t be out of place to state that there is an urgent need for the review of the current political arrangement in the state vis a vis across party structure. Presently, the Governor is from Kwara Central and minister of state for Transport, Deputy Governor and minister of Information is from Kwara South, while only the Speaker of the Kwara State House Assembly is from Kwara North. “We hereby urged the APC national leadership to urgently oust Honourable Bolarinwa and allow an experienced party man from Kwara North to replace him. Failure to heed to our demand will lead to total takeover and shutdown of the APC secretariat by our members.” The group, therefore, pledged its unalloyed loyalty and support to the peaceful co-existence of Kwarans especially youths towards national consciousness and democratic advancement. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...