I got this article on my WhatsApp group and I know it will bless your marriage. Please enjoy it. If you desire to be the husband every woman would love to have, here are 22 qualities of a good husband. Take note and be the one. Commotion in Ebonyi as mother of 4 bled to death after boyfriend gave her abortion pills He should be concerned about her thoughts and stories. A woman wants a husband she can open up to. An emotional companion  He should know when to hold back his tongue to prevent things from escalating especially when she is moody.  He should learn the art of communication; face to face and over the phone. Learn to check up on her, to engage, to chat her up and keep loneliness away  He should learn to give direction. Where are they going as a couple and family? He should offer confidence, vision and leadership  He should show commitment to the vision of their love through faithfulness. Leading from the front publicly and privately. Keeping off other women. How to draw water from the well of a frigid wife (2) If your wife is frigid, it’s all your fault Risks associated with oral sex (2) Risks associated with oral s3x He should date his wife no matter how long they have been together. Make her feel special, compliment her, flirt with her, pursue her, romance her, excite her heart, treat her like a queen.  He should make her believe in herself more, drowning her doubts, allaying her fears, reminding her who she is when she forgets, lifting up her spirits when she feels low, making her feel sexy and beautiful when she does not feel all that.  He should cover his wife and children in prayer, a prayer warrior in the spiritual realm, committing his family to his maker, putting on the full armour and going to war, accessing the spiritual blessings meant for his family  He should be a shoulder to lean on when she cries, the person she runs to when this world overwhelms her. Her cover.  He should make her feel desired and wanted. Turn her on like crazy. Open her tap of wetness. Know which buttons to push to give her sweet highs.  Whether she earns more than him or not, he should play his part in meeting the needs of the family and seek ways to get more provisions and investments.  He should be her voice of reason. The firm voice that counters her negative voices or the storms that shake her. He should be that man who tells her “I believe in you honey. You can do this. Credit: Rev Ham Ola  continueD  NEXT WEEK SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...