The Ondo State Government has promised to reposition the five unity schools and four special schools in the state. Mr Femi Agagu, the state Commissioner for Education, said this during a meeting with the principals and headteachers of the schools on Tuesday in Akure. The commissioner said that the meeting was to deliberate on the various challenges facing the schools in order to proffer solutions. He recalled that the schools were established to serve as models to others, adding that the state must maintain their status. ALSO READ: Former IGP Abubakar visits Sultan, set to curtail armed banditry Agagu urged the headteachers to be responsible for the discharge of their duties and monitor the teachers and students under them to ensure better academic performance. The commissioner also said that the government was deeply concerned about the welfare of the students in the special schools. BREAKING: Deputy governor escapes death as robbers kill 3… Nigerians rank fifth among African students in Germany #EndSARS: [VIRAL VIDEO] SARS operatives shoot dead suspected… 12th African Games: Nigerian beach volleyballers lose to… He admonished the headteachers to be proactive in their bid to make the students relevant in the society, adding that ” there is ability in disability.” Speaking on security in the schools, the commissioner urged the headteachers to be more vigilant, noting that security guards must always be alert. Responding, Mr Oyedeji Adegbenro, the Principal of Unity Secondary School, Epinmi Akoko, said in spite of the various challenges facing the schools, the principals’ efforts were yielding good results. According to Adegbenro, besides improvement in internal examinations, the good results in the last West Africa Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) results was a testimony of the principals’ efficiency and government’s commitment to the sector. Mrs Tolani Olaitan, who spoke on behalf of headteachers of the special schools, said efforts were being made to discover the talents of each student with a view to making them useful to themselves, their families and the society at large. The meeting had in attendance the principals of Unity Secondary School Epinmi Akoko; St.John’s Mary Unity Secondary School, Owo; St. Peter’s Unity Secondary School, Akure; St. Helen’s Unity Secondary School, Ondo and Unity Secondary School, Ode Aye. Also present were the headteachers of the Physically-Challenged School, Ikare-Akoko, Visually Impaired School, Owo, Hearing Impaired School, Akure and Mentally Impaired School, Okeigb SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...