Speaker of the Kogi House of Assembly, Prince Matthew Kolawole has congratulated Governor Yahaya Bello on his victory at the Governorship Primary Election of the APC held in Lokoja on Thursday. Kolawole made this known on Friday in Lokoja, in a statement issued to the newsmen by Mr Femi Olugbemi, his Chief Press Secretary. He described Bello’s victory as a well-deserved, adding that it was in view of the governor’s “monumental contributions in repositioning the party in the state in the last four years” that he got the ticket. ALSO READ: Kogi APC gov ticket: Bello thanks delegates, seeks aspirants’ support Kolawole appealed to the electorate to continue to have faith in the leadership of the governor and the APC-led administration in the state and national levels. He urged the electorate to vote for the APC in Nov. 16 governorship election in the state. Kolawole said that the issue of salaries has since become a thing of the past, stressing that it was heart-warming and good news to hear that August salary had been paid. Toyota to build vehicle assembly plants in Ghana, Ivory… Buhari ready to fight corruption, insecurity, says Police… Bauchi gov, Bala Mohammed sacks political aide Gunmen kidnap Action Alliance National Chairman, Udeze, in… News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Gov. Bello won as APC governorship candidate to contest the governorship election in Kogi at the end of the party’s primary election conducted on Aug. 29. In the primary election witnessed by representatives of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and Chaired by Governor Abubakar Badaru of Jigawa, Bello got 3,091 votes. Badaru, while announcing the election result said Barr. Babatunde Irukera scored 109 votes to clinch the second position while Hassan Abdullahi Baiwa, Member of the House of the National Assembly Representing Dekina/Bassa Federal Constituency got 44 votes. He also announced that Yahaya Odidi Audu polled 10 votes; Sani Lulu Abdullahi had seven votes while Engr. Abubakar Bashir had three votes. However, Badaru announced that Hadiza Ibrahim scored no vote, Danlami Umar Mohammed, Yakubu Mohammed and Ekele Aisha Blessing also scored no votes at the end of the exercise. Earlier, Rep. Hassan Abdullahi, representing Dekina/Bassa Federal Constituency of Kogi at the National Assembly and one of the contestants had staged a walkout on the conduct alleging that the exercise had been compromised. However, Dr Tuner Irukera, one of the aspirants, held that the party primary election exercise fell short of acceptable norms. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...