THE National Association of University Students (NAUS) has bestowed its National Outstanding Leadership Award on foremost architect and philanthropist, Chief Hassan Giwa, for being an “excellent example” to young people, especially students. Presenting the award to Giwa in his office in Abuja, the NAUS national publicity secretary, Mr Taiwo Oluwasegun from Bayero University,  Kano, said the honour was in recognition of the architect’s contributions to the development of architecture and construction industry in Nigeria and his efforts at promoting peace and good governance in the country. Oluwasegun, in company with other officers of the association, Mr Macaulay Vera from the University of Abuja, Mr Babatunde Emmanuel from the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria and Idemudia Lydia from the University of Nigeria, Nsukka, described the honoree as an “excellent example” to students and an ambassador of peace and the building industry in the country. According to him, the national secretariat of the association, which is an umbrella body of Nigerian students both in Nigeria and overseas, at its last congress decided to honour Giwa for his contributions to nation building and service to humanity. ‘UNILAG got N5bn for research in a year’ Govt’s policies responsible for dip in education standard  —… Parents of beneficiaries of Akinosun scholarship scheme laud… Buhari directs varsities to enrol on IPPIS In his response, Chief Giwa dedicated the award to God and described it as a push to do more in service to the nation and humanity. He promised not to relent in contributing to the development of his environment – immediate and remote. He noted that through the various developmental programmes of his Otunba Hassan Olawale Giwa (OHOG) Foundation, he had assisted many students and empowered many youths, as well as women and widows. Giwa promised the support of his company and the foundation for the progress of the association. Giwa, who is an indigene of Ibadan from Lagelu Local Government Area of Oyo State, is the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Amron Global Service Limited. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...