Hospitality company, TIME Hotels, which has its headquarters in the UAE, has boosted its executive team with the appointment of Bernard Fantoli as the new General Manager at TIME Grand Plaza Hotel in Dubai. The hotel, in a press statement made available to Travelpulse&MICE, Fantoli’s new role will be responsible for the day to day management of the 232-room hotel, including the recruitment and development of staff, annual budgets and assuring the highest levels of guest satisfaction are met. He will also be mandated with setting strategic plans that will drive the operational excellence of the hotel and boost team productivity. With more than 20 years experience, Fantoli has worked on four continents, including numerous food and beverage positions across Europe, China and the Caribbeans and several senior management positions, both here in the UAE and in his native Belgium for some of the leading global hospitality brands such as Hilton and Marriott. The Gambia returns to tourism marketing in Lagos, appoints… Nigeria, S/Africa, Tanzania, Ghana win ADGTP’s MICE… Lagos to host Turkish Airlines’ world’s largest amateur golf… AFRIMA: Promoting Africa through new narrative, incentives Fantoli also brings in-depth knowledge of TIME Hotels having worked as Corporate Director of Food and Beverage for the TIME Hotels portfolio since 2014 before being promoted to his new position as General Manager. Commenting on the appointment, Mohamed Awadalla, Chief Executive Officer, TIME Hotels, said Bernard’s skill set, paired with his international knowledge and sound understanding of the hospitality industry, will be vital to the success of our brand as we continue to expand our portfolio throughout 2019 and beyond as well as continuing to refine our existing offering. “We have always thrived on providing exceptional standard and high levels of service, and with our latest appointment we are further endorsing this commitment.” Fantoli added: “It is an exciting time to work for TIME Hotels as the company moves forward with its expansion plans, targeting 20 hotels by 2025. I am confident that my multi-layered and multi-market experience, as well as my innovative approach, will help me to develop a dynamic team which supports the company’s growth ambitions and continuously aspires to exceed guest expectations.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...