The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, called for a national policy to protect the nation’s porous borders over the rising wave of insecurity in the country. Abiodun stated this on Tuesday, in his remarks during a dialogue with business executives, held in Abeokuta, the state capital, that herdsmen attacks and the challenge of kidnapping could be nipped in the bud if the borders were adequately protected. The governor said he had written officially to President Muhammadu Buhari, and the National Boundary Commission, appealing for measures to secure the nation’s land and maritime borders. ALSO READ: Ambrose Ali varsity to punish students for disrupting ASUU meeting Suspected bandits kill three, abduct 18 in Kaduna LASG takes responsibility of medical bills of Ikorodu… Brain-dead woman gives birth to baby girl WHO appoints wife of Niger gov as expert on cervical cancer ” We share borders with Benin Republic in the Yewa North and Imeko-Afon. Unfortunately, these borders are very open while the Republic of Benin fortified their borders. “Their borders were heavily policed. They have done everything to discourage herdsmen from coming to their place. They even impose heavy fines on these herdsmen so they don’t go there. “So what they now do is to come into our areas through our borders in Yewa North and Imeko. So they don’t go there. I have formally written to the President and the National Boundary Commission, that we need to have a national policy on our borders. In Ogun State, we are not going to tolerate insecurity,” he added. He assured that the State would not tolerate any form of lawlessness or insecurity, while appealing to those in the private sector to collaborate with the government to support the Security Trust Fund initiative with funds and materials, to further strengthen the security apparatus in the gateway State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...