Mr. Kehinde Aremu, the Anambra State Coordinator of the National Youth Service Corps NYSC, has advised 1602 corps members mobilised to the state to imbibe the core values of the scheme, so as to maximally benefit from the exercises. The state Coordinator gave the advice during the swearing-in of the 2019 Batch B Stream 2 Corps members at the Umunya Temporary Orientation Camp in Oyi local government Area of the state, on Thursday. Aremu who disclosed that the batch B has 908 females while 694 are males, assured the corps members that they would be given the best orientation experience and attention they deserved without any form of discrimination. He said the corps members will also be exposed to aspects of the culture and tradition of their prospective host communities and will be engaged in military drills. ALSO READ: We will rescue abducted Sokoto Assembly member unhurt ― Police Aremu, gave the core values to include patriotism, teamwork, integrity, efficiency, and commitment to enable them to discharge their primary assignments wherever they were posted to. Buhari, APC have fooled Nigerians,  Secondus says NIS begins e-registration of migrants in Ogun DPR seals gas plant over illegal operations in Ogun, arrest… $9bn damage against Nigeria in British court: FG to deal… He adding that the NYSC in the state had a template that would integrate all corps members posted in the state to any part of the society. He thanked Governor Willie Obiano for his unwavering support and cooperation to the scheme in the state and for assuring the NYSC that the next swearing-in ceremony would take place at the near-completed orientation camp at Umuawulu/Mbaukwu in Awka South local government area, having occupied a Catholic Church premise for close 28years. “He stated that when completed as a promise by the state government, it will not only befitting the status of the scheme, will enhance the quality of service delivery of the scheme for the better harnessing of manpower and development of the state.” Declaring the event open, Governor Willie Obiano applauded the contributions of the NYSC to the development of the state and Nigeria at large. Obiano, represented by the state commissioner for Youth Empowerment and sports development, Mr. Afam Mbanefo, while augmenting a sum of ten million to corps members serving in the state for their feeding during the mandatory period, urged them to be of good conduct while undergoing their primary assignment. He restated the government’s commitment to the welfare and security of corps members, appealing to NYSC family to be patient with his government as they are working assiduously to ensure that the NYSC Ultramodern orientation camp at Umuawulu/Mbaukwu is ready for use before the end of 2019. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...