THE African Democratic Congress (ADC) will defeat the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the November 16, 2019 governorship election, the national chairman of the ADC, Chief Ralphs Nwosu, has said. He made the promise at a meeting held in Abuja on Monday with ADC elders, governorship aspirants, members of the state executive committee of the party and governorship aspirants. He stated: “It is time to say enough is enough; ADC will support your state and the people, but you all have the big work to do. We shall hearken to your demand to postpone our primary so that you can sort out yourselves completely. “We already have two aspirants, who purchased our forms; you must carry them along because we intend to do so. Luckily, one of them is already part of your team. We are an inclusive party. We do not discriminate.” Nwosu said the ADC had been understudying the malaise in the politics of the country with a view to correcting it, noting that the current ‘ugly trend in Kogi State’ was a reflection of the inept leadership in the country. “The general election of 2019, was a test case, and as you just confirmed our party, the ADC should have won one Senate in the Kogi East, a total of six members of the House of Representatives, and more than three-quarters of the state House of Assembly members in Kogi. Your governor conspired with a few bigots and slave masters to deny the people their wishes,” Nwosu said. ALSO READ: Makinde nominates 27-year-old OAU graduate as commissioner Princeton College girls win 2019 African Regional… Centre for Black Culture holds annual Ulli Beier lecture,… Kogi: Aspirant tells APC to conduct fair primary Sanwo-Olu swears in nine permanent secretaries He said the show of rascality and callousness by the leadership was due to their cluelessness, which the ADC was poised to bring to an end in Nigeria. Nwosu said the ADC was taking a very strategic approach on the Kogi election, hence the decision of the party to move its governorship primaries in Bayelsa and Kogi states from August 24th to September 4. “The executive impunity and recklessness and state-sponsored violence must stop. Everybody knows that the ADC is the main party in Kogi State. Take it from me, ADC will certainly win the governorship race in Kogi,” he stated. Also speaking, the national secretary of the ADC, Alhaji Said Abdulahi, said the party leadership was fully committed to working with the leaders to overcome all opposition at the poll. Earlier, the spokesman of the delegation, Professor Ambe Allaghi said the leaders believed that the ADC remained the only party that could bring about a paradigm change the administration of the state since it was created. According to him, the ADC would have the majority of the seats in the National and State House of Assemblies elections in the state if the election was not rigged and resort to the brutal use of force by the agents of the state. Professor Ambe said that the people of Kogi had resolved to resist Governor Yahaya Bello and other forces that might be planning to subvert the will of the people in the November poll. Ambe assured that the Kogi ADC leaders enjoyed the support of traditional and religious leaders, as well as retired civil servants, teachers and students from the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...