Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ilorin Zonal office has commenced investigations into allegation of N50 million bursary fraud made against some management staff of the Kwara State Scholarship Board. A statement by the head of the commission, Isyaku Sharu, made available to journalists in Ilorin on Thursday, said that those interrogated by the operatives of the commission over the case include the chairperson of Kwara Scholarship Board, the Executive Secretary of the Board, and the Board’s Accountant, among others. It was gathered that the Kwara state government in 2017 and 2018 had released the sum of N150 million as bursary allowances for 10,000 students who are indigenes of the state in various tertiary institutions. ALSO READ: Ex-Kwara lawmaker canvasses education development among Nigerian leaders The commission gathered that the board did not pay up to 4,000 students, alleging that it fraudulently converted the remaining ones to personal use. Buhari, APC have fooled Nigerians,  Secondus says NIS begins e-registration of migrants in Ogun DPR seals gas plant over illegal operations in Ogun, arrest… $9bn damage against Nigeria in British court: FG to deal… The petitioners, who are students in some various higher institutions of learning, had alleged that their names appeared as beneficiaries of bursary allowances at the Kwara State Scholarship Board but never received the money. During the interrogation with the operatives of the commission, the students, who sighted their names, matriculation numbers and signatures, became very angry, insisting that the names and matriculation numbers were correct but their signatures were forged. They claimed not to have been the original beneficiaries of the controversial bursary allowance despite their particulars on the scholarship board documents. The officials of the board had earlier told the operatives of the anti-graft body that the students were issued cheques but the Commission discovered that only a few beneficiaries were given cash. As at the time of filing this report, the EFCC said that the officials of the board were still being grilled by the operatives of the commission. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...