Insecurity has remained one of the major undoings of the country at the moment. It stares all in the face and there have been major calls to pull efforts together to fight the surge. In the last few years, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu has brought to the fore clear indications of transformation, thereby building on previous development indices in Ondo State. The developments witnessed across the various strata of Ondo State have over and over again demonstrated the fact that the state is in the right hands. Tomorrow’s strike will be total, comprehensive —Varsity workers Despite the daunting challenge of insecurity across the globe, with Nigeria not being an exception, Ondo State has continued to enjoy relative peace under the leadership of the current governor, Mr. Rotimi Akeredolu. It is therefore expected that all hands must be on deck in helping the governor to move the state further. All indigenes of the state and those who are interested in pushing the state forward must be ready to pull all resources together to guarantee a bigger, better Ondo State. Attack on Benue mourners condemnable Need for vocational centres Disorderliness on Nigerian roads Ending trajectories of Vision 20:2020 Yet, it must be stated that the governor needs to be given the support that is required fulfill good the campaign promises made earlier. Governor Akeredolu has repeatedly called on relevant bodies to invest in the progress of the state. This call must not be jettisoned, but rather be given the needed urgency that it requires. Ondo State remains one of the safest places to do business with a potential for high yield of profit in return. Ade Mabinuori, Akure SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...