Justice Taiwo Taiwo of a Federal High Court sitting in Abuja on Monday refused to grant an application seeking to restrain President Muhammadu Buhari from inaugurating the ministerial nominees that were recently cleared by the Senate. The Judge, in his ruling, dismissed the ex-parte application filed by a legal practitioner, Musa Baba-Panya, wherein he prayed the court for an order stopping the inauguration of the ministerial nominees. Justice Taiwo said he will prefer to hear the substantive suit and give a formal judgment rather than granting interim restraining orders as sought by the plaintiff. ALSO READ: Stanbic IBTC promotes healthy living, wellness among employees He ordered the plaintiff to effect personal service of the originating and other processes so far filed in the case on the defendants and return for a date for the commencement of the hearing. The grouse of the plaintiff is that the President’s non-nomination of an Abuja indigene as a ministerial nominee was disobedience of a subsisting judgment of the Court of Appeal. Baba-Panya claimed that the Court of Appeal, in the judgment delivered on March 15, 2018, in Abuja, held among others, that Abuja possesses the status of a state and should be so treated. According to the plaintiff, since the Constitution stipulates that every state of the federation should produce a minister, Abuja deserves to also be considered. Baba-Panya joined President Buhari and the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice as defendants in the case. Federal university Lokoja shuns NASU, SSANU strike Court restrains AGF, ICPC from seizing Yari’s… Put your activities on hold, FG orders youth council NGO offers healthcare to 300,000 under-5 children in Benue SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...