THE National President, Gan Allah Fulani Development Association, Alhaji Sale Bayari, has declared that Nigeria needs to review her position and pull-out of the ECOWAS free movement protocol through which armed bandits enter the country and endanger its security. Alhaji Bayari stated this while briefing members of the Oyo State Correspondents’ Chapel on the proposed anti-grazing bill which has passed second reading by the state House of Assembly. The group called for human face and alternative grazing space before the law is passed. According to him, “small and light weapons are not only in the hands of herdsmen but all Nigerians suffering insecurity.” Kogi guber: Ata Igala confers chieftaincy title on former… Ekweremadu escapes IPOB members attack in Germany Adhere to professional ethics, medical practitioners advised Anambra 2021: PPA collapses structure to PDP Bayari however stated that there had been a drop in kidnapping in the zone since the group met with former president Olusegun Obasanjo. While maintaining that there are over 300 clans of Fulani extraction of which Bororo is just one of them, the Gan Allah leader said generalising the crime of a few on the majority would be tantamount to injustice. “We pledge today that we shall ensure that our members are law abiding, obedient and respectful to constituted authorities while promising to go all out to ensure that criminal elements were flushed out of our communities and ethnic groups which may even make the enactment of the anti-open grazing law no longer necessary or obsolete. ‘We call  for a human face to this law in the event the it becomes absolutely necessary  for it to be promulgated and passed into law. We appeal for an alternative grazing space for our means of livelihood, which is the cattle, which we are rearing as peasant traditional stock owners, not as commercial livestock or cattle business stakeholders.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...