A middle-aged man Mr. Sunday Olorunleke has been stabbed to death by yet to be identified persons in Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital. Tribune Online gathered that the deceased who was said to be a commercial motorcyclist, popularly called Okada was killed at his residence located in Aba area of the state capital. Our correspondent learned that the father of two was alone in the house when the incident happened. His wife and children were said to have travelled to the village. They returned on Saturday morning to meet his corpse in the room. A source who confirmed the killing said the incident might have happened between Thursday night and Saturday, adding the man was sighted in the neighbourhood on Thursday morning. The source said, “the wife of the deceased put a call across to the some of the neighbours on Thursday when she could not reach her husband on phone and they informed her that they saw him that very day. Sarz: Prolific producer who never stops winning EFCC arrests two suspected internet fraudsters wanted by FBI BREAKING: IG orders immediate arrest of Shi’ite leaders… JUST IN: Action Alliance National Chairman not kidnapped, he… ALSO READ: South-East governors to meet Buhari, Service Chiefs over insecurity in Igboland “We were shocked after the wife arrived yesterday (Saturday) morning and met the door closed and sought the assistance of people to break the door where she found her husband corpse on the floor lying in a pool of his own blood.” Speaking with Tribune Online on the telephone, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in Ekiti State, Caleb Ikechukwu confirmed the killing. He revealed that investigation had commenced in a bid to arrest the perpetrators, calling on the people to go about their normal lawful activities. The police spokesman advised residents of the state to monitor strange faces and movements within their neighbourhood and report to the police for immediate action. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...