A week after soldiers in Ibi community Taraba State killed three policemen and a civilian, the Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai, has commiserated with the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, over the death of the officers. In a condolence letter signed by Buratai and sent to the IGP, the Chief of Army Staff mourned the officers, describing their death as “unfortunate.” He said that any officer or soldier found culpable in the killing will be dealt in accordance with the military laws. The Army chief while condoling with the family of the deceased, assured that proper mechanism would be put in place to avoid future occurrence. Meanwhile, informed security sources have described the most wanted kidnapper, Alhaji Hamissu Wadume, as a serial criminal that it said was “always in and out of prison.” In a dossier released to Saturday Tribune on the past criminal record, it said that he first went to prison for stealing a chicken, and later went back to prison after he stole yams and a motorbike. The source claimed that it was after he was finally released from jail that he went into fish stealing, from where he now ventured into kidnapping. The reliable source disclosed that from the first kidnapping deal, Wadume bought motorcycles and tricycles for his people in Ibi town. 33-year-old fake police officer arrested in Anambra for… 21 trailer loads of N5bn Tramadol, codeine seized in Lagos JAMB nabs UTME candidate for upgrading result Police parade Ibrahim Adamu, Idris Tobe as suspected killers… It was also gathered that apart from the Army Captain, who ordered their shooting, a deputy commissioner of police and an inspector in Taraba command have long been on the kidnapper’s payroll. Saturday  Tribune gathered that the kidnapper became so rich that he sponsored three House of Representatives members in the 2019 elections. The source said that after the shooting, the kidnapper escaped from the IGP Intelligence Response Team bus crawled into the bush from where the captain brought a welder to cut the handcuffs and the leg chain. It was gathered that the said captain shared a fence with Wadume’s house , and  both of them are always in contact. The source further revealed that immediately he was freed by the soldier he escape with his two wives to unknown destination. It was gathered that both the police and the Army have sent signals to all their formative nationwide to track down the kidnapper. The source disclosed that he was the godfather to most of the kidnappers operating in the North East, North West , North Central. According to the source, his escapedes were N50 million, N90 million and N100 million collected from kidnap victims. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...