The Lagos State House of Assembly has rejected the confirmation of three commissioner-nominees of the Governor Babajide Sanwo-olu. The three rejected Commissioner-nominees were Adekemi Ajayi-bembe, Olanrewaju Sanusi and Obafemi George. The Speaker of the Lagos State Assembly, Hon. Mudashiru Obasa made this known during the plenary session held On Monday at the chambers. Meanwhile, the remaining thirty-five commissioner-nominees were confirmed. Those cleared for nominations as commissioners and special advisers include Mr Oladele Ajayi, Mr Oluwatoyin Fayinka, Mrs Yetunde Arobieke, Mr Kabiru Abdullahi and Mr Joe Igbokwe. Others are Mr Bonu Solomon Saanu, Mrs Lola Akande, Prince Anofi Elegushi, Mrs Solape Hammond, Mr Moruf Akinderu-Fatai, Mrs Shulamite Adebolu, Mr Tokunbo Wahab, Mr. Rabiu Olowo Onaolapo, Mrs. Folashade Adefisayo, Professor Akin Abayomi, Dr. Idris Salako, Mr. Tunji Bello, Mr. Gbenga Omotoso, Mrs. Toke Benson-Awoyinka and Mrs. Bolaji Dada Others include Mr. Lere Odusote, Dr. Frederick Oladeinde, Mr. Gbolahan Lawal, Dr. Wale Ahmed, Mr. Moyo Onigbanjo (SAN), Mr. Hakeem Fahm and Mrs. Ajibola Ponle. Also confirmed were Engr. Aramide Adeyoye, Mr. Segun Dawodu, Mrs. Uzamat Akinbile-Yusuf, Mr. Sam Egube, Ms Ruth Bisola Olusanya, Princess Aderemi Adebowale, Mr. Tunbosun Alake and Mr. Afolabi Ayantayo. ALSO READ: Court remands farmer for allegedly stabbing colleague to death Speaking earlier, the Speaker noted that the resolution would not be based on educational qualification and oratory process. Princeton College girls win 2019 African Regional… Centre for Black Culture holds annual Ulli Beier lecture,… Kogi: Aspirant tells APC to conduct fair primary Sanwo-Olu swears in nine permanent secretaries He added that the nominees’ humility and relationship with the grassroots would be held in high esteem. Obasa also harped on the imperativeness of upholding the recommendation of the 16-man committee. “In carrying out the constitutional request, we will be looking beyond educational qualification and oratory prowess. “The resolution will be based on those who are ready to interact and accommodate our people. “We will also be adopting the recommendation of the 16-man committee as our resolution and in pursuant of section 192 of the 1999 constitution of the Federal Republic Of Nigeria,” the Speaker said. Obasa, however, noted that the Governor could still re-nominate and present them to the Lagos State House of Assembly for screening. Tribune Online investigated that the clash of interest necessitated the rejection of the three commissioner-nominees. A credible source within the Assembly disclosed that the rejected nominees are not the preferred choice of the party leaders in their respective constituencies. The source added that the Assembly did not want to disregard the party’s decision; hence the rejection. It would be recalled that one of the constant questions asked during the screening exercise at the Assembly was the knowledge of the leadership of the All Progressives Party (APC) in the nominee’s constituency and some of the rejected nominees were not able to answer them convincingly. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...