The Lagos State Police Command on Sunday said that Operatives of Operation Crush from the Anti-Cultism Unit, had arrested 25 cultists at Ijora, Mushin and Bariga areas of the state. This was disclosed in a statement signed by the Police Command’s Public Relations Officer, DSP Bala Elkana, and made available to newsmen in Lagos. Elkana said that one Olaitan Rilwan, male, 20 years old was found at Ijora Roundabout with an automatic pistol concealed in his bag. “The suspect confessed to be a member of ‘Aiye’ Confraternity,” the DSP said in the statement. He also said that one Mustapha Oseni, male, 23 years old and 22 others were arrested during a follow-up operation at Bariga by Operatives of Operation Crush. Elkana added that Operatives from the Anti-Cultism Unit also arrested one Olaitan Rilwan, male, 20 years old along Gaskiya road in Mushin. Applicant in court for allegedly threatening to kill priest Housekeeper, 2 others in court for allegedly stealing 17 die in Jebba-Ilorin highway crash Pandemonium in Enugu community as suspected herdsmen kill… ALSO READ: Surprise visit by Iran’s top diplomat ‘not a G7 event’, says Merkel “One locally-made pistol with eight rounds of live cartridges was recovered from him. The investigation is ongoing and all the suspects will be charged to court at the conclusion of the investigations,” the DSP said. He also said that the Anti-crime patrol team from Mushin Police Station led by Insp. Atipi Agasa while on patrol along Olorunsogo in Mushin area intercepted two hoodlums. Elkana said that one Omisogun Mathew, male, 25 years old and Yetunde Lawson, female, 28 years old were intercepted on a motorcycle. “On sighting the police team, the hoodlums attempted to escape but were given a hot chase. One locally-made double-barrel pistol with two live cartridges was recovered from them. “The suspects belong to a five-man armed robbery syndicate operating in Mushin, Ikotun and Igando areas of Lagos State. The suspects had been transferred to SARS for discreet investigation and will be charged to court after investigations,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...