The Federal Government has empowered more than 11, 000 graduates in Plateau State with N8.94 billion under the N-Power programme. Dr Sumaye Hamza, the Executive Assistant to Gov. Simon Lalong on Social Investment Program (SIP), disclosed this on Tuesday in her opening remarks at a 4-Day Sensitisation Workshop organised for N-Agro beneficiaries in Plateau. Hamza, who is also the state Programme Focal Person on National Social Investment programme (NSIP), said the amount did not include N-power Build where skills were provided as well as start-up tools and monthly stipends to over 900 youths. ALSO READ: NAFDAC arrests suspects over alleged agro-chemicals adulteration According to her, some of the components of the NSIP initiated by President Muhammadu Buhari administration and supported by Gov. Lalong include Job creation, Home-grown school feeding, Conditional Cash Transfer and Enterprise Empowerment Programme. “Government is committed to ensuring that the citizens of Nigeria are supported to boost Agricultural activities and subsequently get out of poverty. Snakebites: Gombe state records 23 deaths from January to… Malaria: Expert harps on environmental cleanliness Rape: Commission empowers 20 victims in Jigawa Africa planted a total of 3.14 million hectares of biotech… “This is the more reason why the programme seeks to also boost productivity especially amongst the marginalised and vulnerable women and youths. “It also aims at stimulating economic activities, creates jobs, improves livelihood and reduces inequality and gender stability in communities. “The more than 11, 000 N-Power graduates in Plateau are benefiting in the area of NTech, NHealth and NAgro right from inception from the N8.94 billion injected by the government in the state.’’ The focal person tasked the 200 participants of the workshop to be attentive, idealistic and focused to launch themselves into self-reliance and be employers of labour. She also urged the participants to emulate the conveyor of the workshop, Mr Badi Emmanuel of GIZ Nigeria, whom she described as a “motivator and role model” to be committed, determined and focused beneficiaries. Earlier, Emmanuel, the workshop convenor, said that the workshop was to sensitise the N-power Volunteers Start-ups under GIZ designated to Green Innovation centres for food and Agricultural sector. “This workshop is to ginger you, therefore, you should endeavour to share your experiences with each other to be equipped in self-economic decision making and understand the context of start-ups,’’ he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...