Nigerian students have taken the fifth position among the number of counterparts from the African continent studying in Germany. According to the latest report from Study in Germany website, as of 2017/18 Winter Semester, German universities counted a number of 1,970 students from Nigeria, and the figure arrived at placed Nigerian students among the five largest group of African students currently attending university in Germany. Low or no-tuition universities, affordable costs of living, highly ranked universities and overall attractiveness are all that make Germany one of the most popular study-abroad destinations. Nigerian students seem also attracted to studying in Germany, it was gathered. ALSO READ: NANS challenges Buhari on unemployment of Nigerian graduates Also, with the latest statistics collected from the 2017/18 Winter semester, it shows that 1,970 students from Nigeria were enrolled in German universities, statistics reveal that compared to a year ago their number increased significantly by 18 per cent if compared with 1,667 students that enrolled during the 2016/17 Winter Semester. BREAKING: Deputy governor escapes death as robbers kill 3… #EndSARS: [VIRAL VIDEO] SARS operatives shoot dead suspected… 12th African Games: Nigerian beach volleyballers lose to… Flood kills 6, pregnant woman, displaces more than 1000… Statistics also reveal that in terms of the chosen academic institution, 1,280 were enrolled in universities, 659 in “technical schools” (referred to as “Fachschule” in Germany) and the remaining 30 students were attending colleges of theology (theologische Hochschule). Also, looking at the statistics with the students’ enrollment by gender, there were 1,970 male students and 439 female students. Statistics further show that Engineering as a course is clearly the most popular degree for Nigerian students in Germany, while the statistics collected as Winter Semester 2017/18 show that 724 Nigerian students were attending Engineering degree course, and quite as expected, male students accounted for most of them totalling 638. Close to Engineering in students enrolment, are Economics and other Social Sciences courses, while findings show that last year, 470 students from Nigeria were studying for a university degree on these subjects. Mathematics and Natural Sciences also receive high patronate by Nigerian students, recording a total of 343 students admitted into those departments. Reports, as gathered, showed the number of Nigerian students in Germany is increasing at a steady speed, as the country has become a major attraction in the international higher education sector in recent years and currently counts over 378,000 international students. Thus, to a certain degree, it would be correct to expect a further increase in the coming years, reports said.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...