The macabre romance that occurred recently between troops of the Nigerian Army and the Police Force which led to the killing of three police personnel and a civilian in Taraba State is a dance taken too far. It is terribly sad. The unfortunate incident, coupled with claims and counter-claims from both sides of the divide, shows the absence of synergy among our security agencies. Nothing could be more evident than the grotesque handling of insecurity in Nigeria in the last decade as insurgency, kidnapping and other crimes snowballed into seemingly uncontrollable phenomena right before our very eyes. JUST IN: Presidential retreat for ministers-designate kicks off The cluelessness of our leaders in tackling the menace of insecurity makes one to constantly ask why our leaders love to handle snake the same way they handle earthworm,  knowing that the end result is nothing but doom. Why do they love to dissipate so much energy on curing ringworm while they watch leprosy fester? If a senseless killing as this is happening among the security agencies, then the claims of decimating the insurgents by the army is doubtful. If armed security men could be massacred by personnel of sister agency while they are in the service of their country, then ordinary civilians are nothing but chickens that could be mowed down at any time as a result of misconception, wrong information or stray bullets. Building Nigeria’s agriculture sector Re: Sex scandals in institutions Uniting for positive development in Oyo Attack on Benue mourners condemnable Each of the security agencies should be a shoulder to lean on by sister agencies, and not to stab one another in the back. In fact, they need a unity of purpose and good communication channel like never before in order to make headway and achieve massive success in the fight against insecurity. Relevant authorities should be contacted and be made aware of the presence of personnel of other agencies when operating in different zones other than their permanent stations. This will help eliminate confusion and impulsive actions. The government, as a matter of urgency, should stand up to its responsibilities and stop treating insecurity with kid’s gloves. It should not overstretch the patience of enduring Nigerians. The issue is beyond making statements upon statements at every political and formal gathering without any concrete action in place.  Akintunde Ishola isholaakintundey@gmail.com SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...