GUNMEN, again, on Saturday stormed two communities in Katsina-Ala Local Government Area of Benue State, killing many people among whom were mourners. Just some weeks back, no fewer than five people were said to have been murdered in the same local government. A community leader in one of the communities that were invaded on Friday night, Jerry Lorgeam, told Sunday Tribune that  some gunmen invaded the venue of the wake ceremony of a community leader in Tongov in Katsina Ala Local Government,  Tor Gbev Ikue Amaafu, and shot into the mourners killing about 20 people while others sustained injuries. Lorngeam further said that   while the people of the community were still mourning the late night attack, some gunmen rode on a motorcycle and opened fire on Ikyulav Tiev Community in the same Katsina-Ala, killing eight persons.. “The gunmen had earlier stormed the venue of  the wake  of a community leader in Tongov community and shot at the crowd. “At the time the people left, about 20 people were found dead. Ortom opens, closes defence at election tribunal Council of Imams berates CAN chairman in Kaduna over… Tomorrow’s strike will be total, comprehensive —Varsity… 3 feared dead, residents lament as rain wreaks havoc in… “Early this morning, gunmen attacked Ikyulav Tiev opposite Divine Love Girls Secondary School, Katsina Ala killing eight persons in the process, the community leader said. When asked what could be responsible for the incessant attacks, Lorngeam claimed that it might not be unconnected with the Shitile /Ikyulav Tiev communal clashes. Also, News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)  reported that about 10 gunmen opened fire on the mourners and killed many while others sustained injuries in the process. However, council boss of Katsina-Ala, Mrs. Virginia Kpindi, who confirmed the report, said the number of death was far less than the number being quoted but declined to give the actual figure of causality. The chairman said that the injured ones were receiving treatment at an undisclosed hospital. She blamed the incessant attacks on youth restiveness and called on the youths to get engaged in useful ventures. The Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr Mukaddas Garba, who spoke with (NAN) on Saturday in Makurdi, confirmed that the incident occurred during the burial of one Tor Amaafu. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...