The Oyo State Government on Monday said it would create new satellite towns to decongest Ibadan metropolis. Mr Abdu-Raheem Abiodun, the state’s new Commissioner for Lands, Housing and Urban Development, stated this in Ibadan shortly after assuming office in the ministry. According to Abiodun, Ibadan has a population of over three million people, making it the third most populated city in Nigeria after Lagos and Kano states. He said the state government would acquire lands in communities to enable willing residents to have access to their choice of land at affordable rates in any location in the state. ”This will help decongest Ibadan and allow for developmental projects that will help beautify the capital city and spread to the other major towns in the state. Princeton College girls win 2019 African Regional… Centre for Black Culture holds annual Ulli Beier lecture,… Kogi: Aspirant tells APC to conduct fair primary Sanwo-Olu swears in nine permanent secretaries ” The intention of the Gov. Seyi Makinde administration is to make housing affordable and available to the people of the state,” he said. ALSO READ: Unilorin NASU, SSANU join 5-day warning strike He, however, called on residents of the state to desist from erecting illegal structures on roads and stream setbacks. Abiodun also warned against dumping of refuse inside rivers, streams and waterways. The commissioner assured the people of the state of prompt process and dispatch of Certificates of Occupancy at an affordable cost. Abiodun further admonished workers in the ministry to exhibit a high sense of responsibility in the discharge of their duties. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...