SIR Emeka Offor Foundation has restated its commitment to support the Federal Government through the National Primary Health Development Agency (NPHCDA) to achieve the World Health Organisation’s Certification for a polio-free nation. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports Nigeria has achieved three years without a case of Wild Polio Virus (WPV) since the last isolated WPV case in Borno on Aug. 21, 2016. Sir Emeka Offor, the Rotary International Polio Ambassador to Nigeria made this known while briefing newsmen on Wednesday in Abuja. He said the news conference was part of the activities to celebrate three years without records WPV in the country. ALSO READ: UNICEF urges Kano govt to declare state of emergency on open-defecation Offor said that three years without poliovirus in Nigeria indicated that the years of fighting the menace of polio had received impetus since no child in Nigeria was paralyzed as a result of wild poliovirus. Buhari, APC have fooled Nigerians,  Secondus says NIS begins e-registration of migrants in Ogun DPR seals gas plant over illegal operations in Ogun, arrest… $9bn damage against Nigeria in British court: FG to deal… He said that the foundation had committed expertise, resources and time to support government toward achieving WHO certification of a polio-free nation. “Our resolve is irrevocable; our determination is strengthened as we look into the future to achieve the second milestone which is the certification of Nigeria and Africa as wild poliovirus free. “I encourage all of us to stay focused; our surveillance and vigilance must be raised now. “Our activities of advocacy, routine immunisation and field supervision must continue with alacrity as we approach the finish line,’’ he said. NAN reports that following this achievement of three years without the Wild Polio Virus, Nigeria has commenced the process of documentation toward the final certification by the Africa Regional Certification Commission (ARCC). The process involves a detailed assemblage and review of surveillance, Routine Immunisation (RI) and Supplemental Immunisation Activities (SIAs) Data by the National Certification Committee before submission of the final documentation to ARCC in March 2020. If ARCC is satisfied with the country’s documentation, Nigeria will be certified Wild Polio Virus-free. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...