5 Countries with Visa on arrival- Years back when planning a holiday abroad means dealing with the hassle of applying for visa. Those long lines at the embassies and then waiting for days before the arrival of visa. But not anymore! We now have countries with visa on arrival option, travelling abroad from Asia, Africa and other continent apart from Europe is no longer stressful as it used to be. With countries with visa on arrival option all you need to do is carry your bag and head to the country of your choice that fall under this category. Notice: Visa on arrival rules keep changing for every country. Make sure to check you meet up with all visa requirements before booking your flight. List of 5 Countries with Visa on Arrival Under this category of visa free countries in the world we have: List of Countries with Visa on arrival for Indians #1. Cambodia  People from Indian can obtain visa on arrival for a maximum stay of 30 days. Application cost for e-visa is US& 40. The service charge is also pecked at US$20. During the application for the visa you must have your passport photo with you, with enough funds to cover your stay in Cambodia and travel documents showing your flight tickets and completed visa application. Your passport needs to be valid for a maximum of six months from the date of your arrival. #2. Maldives  Maldives offer a maximum of 30 days to Indians. You must have your next destinations documents with you (Return tickets). Two passports with a proof of accommodation and a traveler with no accommodation must have enough funds. Also make sure your passport is valid for 5-6 months from the date of arrival. #3. Jordan  Sponsored: Money back guarantee diabetes total cure SPONSORED: HOW I TREATED AND CURED DIABETES OF 15YEARS Nigerian millennial weigh up on Bitcoin adoption Sponsored: How To Overcome Premature Ejaculation and Weak… Jordan is another country where anybody from Indian can get visa on arrival for two (2) weeks by paying US$ 60. You need to have at least US$1000 with you to cover your stay and a return ticket to your next destination. If you are existing Jordan from aqaba, which is through the Red Sea, you will be granted a 1-month visa for free. #4. Indonesia  If you are an Indian travelling to Indonesia all you need to get a visa on arrival is US$35, which is for maximum stay of 30 days! You must have evidence of funds that can cover your expenses during your stay; in addition you must have confirmed return tickets with you. Make sure your passport is valid for 5-6 month from the day of arrival. #5. Nepal  A single entry visa is available for every Indian for a maximum for 150 days. You must have your passport or Election Card with you. #6. Thailand  If you are considering visa on arrival countries for Indians, you can easily get a visa at US$ 35! You should know that this Visa won’t be valid after 30 days. In addition, you must have confirmed return ticket along with US$ 315.06 per person and US$630.06 per family. You will also be paying an entry fee of 2,000 TBH in Thai currency. Other countries with Visa on arrival options for Indians are: Uganda, Cape Verde, Palau, Ethiopia, Tanzania, and Samoa. List of Visa on Arrival Countries for Nigerians Below are countries offering Nigerians Visa on arrival: Above you have read on List of Visa on arrival countries for Indians and Nigerians.  Countries listed here would give you visa on arrival at fee for a specific period of time. Which has go a long way in reducing the stress of staying at the counter at embassy waiting for the queue to get to your turn, as visas are mostly granted by countries like America, Germany and other once you have genuine reasons for visiting, It is good to check out cheap destinations flight bookings on Travelstartso that this would guide the next travel destination. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...