The Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, sworn-in a 27-year-old graduate of the Obafemi Awolowo University, Temidayo Fakorede and two other commissioners to the 14 already inaugurated commissioners for the Oyo State executive council. The other two commissioners were Professor Raphael Afonja and Alhaja Fausat Ajoke Sanni. The swearing-in ceremony was held at the Executive Council Chamber of the Governor’s Office, Secretariat, Agodi, Ibadan. ALSO READ: Presidential poll: Tribunal slates Sept 13 to decide Buhari, Atiku’s fate The three new commissioners were assigned portfolios: Professor Afonja was assigned the Ministry of Works and Transport; Alhaja Sanni was designated as the Commissioner for Women Affairs while Mr. Fakorede is the Commissioner for Youth and Sports. Makinde, in his address after the swearing-in ceremony, urged the new commissioners to be committed and to key into the plans of the state government for a better Oyo State while shunning all anti-people conducts. Reacting to the politics that followed the appointment of the commissioners, the Governor stressed that his administration would not be about only his political party [PDP] but about the interest of the state, adding that putting the best forward would guarantee a better Oyo State. He said “With the swearing-in of these three additional commissioners, we have now gotten to the conclusion of selecting our commissioners for this administration. I made a speech when the other commissioners were sworn in earlier and it is basically the same thing that I am saying to the three of you again. Beware of fraudulent loan offers, CBN warns Buhari greets Olubadan of Ibadan at 91 Presidential poll: Tribunal slates Sept 13 to decide Buhari,… Kwara to overhaul health system, say AbdulRazaq , senators “We have presented our vision to the people of Oyo state, we have made promises during the campaign and one of the major promises I made at the heat of electioneering was to the youths of Oyo state. I told them that I will select one of them as the commissioner for youths and sports. “I promised them that whoever is going to be the commissioner of youths and sports will be below 30 years of age and I was conscious of the fact that we are not only going to talk about age but we are also going to talk about content. And I am happy today that we have in Seun Fakorede, the 27years old, who I am proud of as a product of this state. “This administration is not only about PDP, but it is also about Oyo State. The development of Oyo state. I made a promise that wherever I can get the people that will move Oyo State forward, I will go for them. “So, we should refrain from destructive politics. If we want progress for our state, we have to put our best forward. I am not saying we are above mistakes, we will make mistakes, no doubt but we will not allow those things that have held down our development in the past to hold us down. “When people want to talk to us, they better have their facts right because we are very slow in acting, but we will be deliberate and sure-footed on the path that we want to tread. “So, we have now in the cabinet of Oyo State, eminently qualified individuals and just like I charged the previous sets of commissioners, you shouldn’t see your positions as a way of making money. It is going to be business unusual in Oyo State and I want to charge the three of you. “Welcome on board, we are on the journey together and we look forward to you to key into the vision that we have for Oyo state and I believe it is doable, I believe we have assembled the best that we have been able to lay our hands-on.” The new cabinet will have its first State Executive Council (SEC) meeting today (Tuesday) at the Executive Chamber of the Governor’s office. According to the Governor, the swearing-in of the three additional commissioners have concluded the appointment of commissioners into the state executive council. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...