Kwara State House of Assembly has approved the dissolution of three statutory commissions inaugurated in May this year by the last administration. The affected commissions are Kwara State House of Assembly Service Commission, Kwara State Civil Service Commission and Kwara State Independent Electoral Commission. This followed three messages from Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRasaq, to the Speaker, Yakubu Danladi Salihu and read on the floor of the House, requesting the House to approve the dissolution through resolution in accordance with the provisions of section 6 (2) of the State House of Assembly Service Commission Law as amended and section 201 (1) of 1999 Constitution as amended to remove the chairmen and members of the affected Commissions on the ground of alleged misconduct. ALSO READ: World Humanitarian Day: Red Cross seek more support from Nigerians The Governor had in his messages to the Speaker disclosed that the affected officials had by their acts of misconduct demonstrated that they were incapable of discharging functions of their offices, pointing out that due process of affording the officials a fair hearing was duly complied with. World Humanitarian Day: Red Cross seek more support from… Court orders wife to return carpet, mattress to husband Nestlé, IITA engage youth agripreneurs on access to… EFCC search: No cause for alarm — Ambode The Chairman and members of the  House of Assembly Commission are Hon Babatunde A. Mohammed, Hon Nimota Aduke Ibrahim, Dr Atolagbe Sulieman Alege, Hon. Alex Bankole Kehinde. The State Civil Service Commission had Alh. Sakariyah A. Onimago as chairman, while Mr Samuel O. Bamisaiye, Alhaji Sharu Koro Mohammed and Alhaji Abdul Salam Apobiyi were members. The State Independent Electoral Commission had Alhaji Taiwo Banu Eleja as Chairman, while Jimoh Gabriel Yemi, Nasiru Ayo Lawal, Issa Abdul Kayode, Dr Dele Kayode (JP) Saidu Issa Abdullahi and Mohammed S.A Adesina were members. Meanwhile, the House has directed its Committees on Land, Housing and Urban Development and Tertiary Education to investigate alleged illegal acquisition, appropriation and conversion of Government property with survey no ” KWG. 927 and LAN/G. 1071 situated at Illoffa Road by Civil Service Clinic G.R.A Ilorin by private individual signed by Akewusola M. Oba and Sales of the Kwara State Government two Aircrafts at a cost of N5m only by the Rector of Aviation College and report to the House within 2 weeks, following the presentation of  two  Petitions by the House Leader Hon. Abubakar Olawoyin Mogaji and the Chief Whip Hon. Yusuf Musa Atoyebi at the floor of the House. The Petition on sales of 2 Aircraft was written by Kwara Restoration Agenda and signed by Alhaji Ibraheem Lambe Giwa Kwara Central, Hon. Michael Duro Adeleke, Kwara South and Mallam Umar Yahaya Ndana for Kwara North. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...