Management of the Kwara State University, (KWASU), Malete, has debunked insinuations making the rounds that the institution has increased fees for the 2019/2020 academic session. A statement by the acting Vice-Chancellor of the University, Professor Sakah Mahmud, which was made available to journalists in Ilorin on Tuesday said that tuition fees of both indigenes and non-indigenes remain unchanged while all sundry charges from the last academic session also remain the same. ALSO READ: Kogi gov to initiate policies for rapid educational transformation According to the  Vice-Chancellor, the institution in the last 10 years of its existence had maintained the lead as a fast-growing institution premised on academic excellence, research, administrative uprightness, and promotion of core values of skills and integrity. Kwara Assembly approves dissolution of three commissions World Humanitarian Day: Red Cross seek more support from… Court orders wife to return carpet, mattress to husband Nestlé, IITA engage youth agripreneurs on access to… ”We are determined as management and a workforce to attain a world-class status while placing a premium on the welfare of Kwarans and Nigerians as a whole. This can be attested to by our numerous community development efforts, interventions and projects across the State and Nigeria. “We also focus on education that is responsive to the needs of Kwarans and indeed Nigerians. That is why we place emphasis on entrepreneurship and all other programmes which place value on solving societal needs, including the newly introduced course in community development”, he said. He also noted with pride that KWASU had always adhered to the rule of law, acts and laws governing its establishment and operations, and most especially is the commitment to transparency and accountability in all its affairs. Professor Mahmud also reiterated the institution’s commitment to providing first-class education in consonance with world-class standards, reiterating the fact that School fees have not been increased in any way. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...