Rolad Properties and Allied Services Limited, a fast-growing real estate company with offices in Lagos and Ibadan has reached a new milestone with the announcement of its first-ever brand ambassador. Alongside his exciting journey in Nollywood, Lateef Adedimeji will be the face of Rolad Properties and Allied Services Limited. The MD/CEO Rolad Properties and Allied Services Limited, Dotun Oloyede expressed his joy following this laudable development. Nude dance: NCAC vows to use Tekno as scapegoat, to teach… KSA, Olamide, Pasuma, Currency show class at Ariya Repete… Csl unveils Season 2 of higher institution music competition My plan is to be the best DJ in Africa —DJ Gavpop He remarked, “We are delighted to announce our partnership with Lateef Adedimeji. This move is huge for us and we are excited about it because it summarises Rolad’s enthusiasm for providing affordable housing with excellent service and Lateef is excellent in his craft. We aim for excellence in every decision we make, whether it involves our service or the people that represent our brand, we always want the very best.” Lateef has already settled into his new ambassador role with Rolad Properties and looks forward to a healthy and long-lasting partnership. In his statement as shared on his Instagram page, he said “I’m very excited to represent Rolad Properties, I look forward to a long term partnership. Rolad indeed has the best deals in town and I cannot wait to share their offerings with the world.” Rolad Properties and Allied Services Limited is currently celebrating this partnership with the ‘Ileya Bumper Promo’ which gives clients and prospects the chance to buy any property, out-rightly or in instalments for gifts items. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...