It is with a deep sense of humility and utmost concern for the people of our dear Sokoto State that I wish to congratulate the governor of the state, Rt.Hon Aminu Waziri Tambuwal  (Mutawallen Sokoto),   on his re-election to pilot the affairs of the state for another four years. The re-election is, no doubt, a testimony by the good people Sokoto State to the considerable efforts of Governor Tambuwal towards the development of the state. Clearly, the decision to re-elect him was informed by an acknowledgement of his commitment to the attainment of genuine development of Sokoto State as evident in the adoption of measures for the promotion of peaceful coexistence among the people, enhancement of security and the execution of laudable physical projects in all parts of the state. Joint military exercise shut down activities at Nigerian borders Governor Tambuwal  has demonstrated enough competence in handling the affairs of Sokoto State which continuously strengthens the confidence of the people of the state in the capacity of the present administration to deliver dividends of democracy. It is important for me, therefore, to join the millions of people in Sokoto State and beyond in expressing the firm belief that Governor Tambuwal will not only continue to build on the development foundation be has laid in the last four years but will also introduce new strategies in his bid to bring about effective transformation of the state in the next four years. We all hope to see a much greater Sokoto State where security, tranquility and prosperity are guaranteed. The less used Nigerian Youths National security or tyranny? Rural communities, gender and demand for accountability Curbing rape, defilement On this note, I wish to respectfully call on the good people of Sokoto State to maximally support the governor in his bid to bring about tremendous improvement in the quality of their lives. In addition to the sincere commitment of the governor, what is also required to achieve positive results in the governance of the state is the full cooperation of the people in forms of due observance of established laws and offers of prayers for the success of the state government. Certainly, the challenges in the areas of security, economy, politics and social coexistence among the people of the state are enormous. It will take the kind of determination that has so far been demonstrated by the Sokoto State government under Governor Tambuwal, as well as a solid support of the various segments of the society in the state to achieve the desired objectives. It needs to be stressed here that the adoption and sustenance of necessary measures for the development of Sokoto State is a collective responsibility that should be discharged by all. Every person in the state is, in fact, a stakeholder in the project and partner with the state government in the service of the people. Finally, I wish to encourage the state government to continue to formulate and implement policies that will bring about positive changes in the lives of the people of the state. Even with the satisfaction being expressed by the people over the activities of the state government, there is the absolute need for consistency so that by 2023 when Governor Tambuwal will round up his second term, Sokoto State will be among the best states in the country. While, once again, congratulating the governor on his re-election and urging him to remain focused, I also wish to pray for peace, security and development of our dear Sokoto State. My most important hope at the moment is to live to see the Sokoto State of our dream. Long live Sokoto State, long live Nigeria. Dr Mahe Dange Sokoto State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...