The Enugu State Universal Basic Education Board (ENSUBEB) has distributed instructional materials worth N1.4 billion to over 1000 primary and junior secondary schools in the state. The Executive Chairman of the board, Chief Ikeje Asogwa, made this known on Wednesday in Enugu when the State House of Assembly Committee on Education visited the board on oversight function. Asogwa noted that the educational materials were distributed to the schools to improve teaching and learning, adding that every primary school in the state benefitted from the distribution. ALSO READ: How conflict, corruption slow investment in Niger-Delta ― Experts He said the board was also renovating dilapidated buildings and providing desks and sports equipment in schools across the state. According to him, the project is being financed through the Universal Education Board Commission,(UBEC) fund. On the recent recruitment of primary school teachers in the state, the executive chairman informed the committee members that the 1500 teachers were recruited on merit. Buhari, APC have fooled Nigerians,  Secondus says NIS begins e-registration of migrants in Ogun DPR seals gas plant over illegal operations in Ogun, arrest… $9bn damage against Nigeria in British court: FG to deal… Asogwa added that the teachers would assume duty in the next academic session. He gave the assurance that the board would cooperate with, and support the committee to ensure it succeeded in its assignment. The Deputy Speaker of the assembly, Mr Uche Akadu-Ugwu, commended Asogwa for the achievements the board had recorded since his assumption of office as chairman. He said the committee would not relent until total success was achieved in its assignment. Earlier, the committee Chairman,  Mr James Akadu, said the oversight was to ensure that the state government’s massive investment in education was secured in the interest of the public. Akadu urged the board for collaboration to ensure that the government’s policies and programmes were actualised. The committee chairman commended Asogwa for his speed in project execution and diligence in duty. He also commended Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi-led administration for the transformation of the education sector. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...