THE Nigerian Army has laid to rest a colonel and its other officers and men who  were killed in an ambush by Boko Haram terrorists recently. Theatre Commander designate, Operation Lafia Dole, Major General Olusegun Adeniyi, while speaking at the burial, vowed that under his command, the army would not sleep until normalcy was restored to the North East of Nigeria. Adeniyi spoke while presenting national flags to next of kins of the fallen heroes who were ambushed last month. Col. Kenneth Elemele was killed in an ambush on July 17 alongside private Akinola Ayinola, Lance Cpr Sunday Ajiibola, Lance Cpr Ayo Oguntuase and Lance Cpr. Daniel Dennis by suspected Boko Haram insurgents. Kogi guber: Ata Igala confers chieftaincy title on former… Ekweremadu escapes IPOB members attack in Germany Adhere to professional ethics, medical practitioners advised Anambra 2021: PPA collapses structure to PDP General Adeniyi, who represented the out-going theatre Commander, Major General Benson Akinruloye, in the burial of the slain heroes, noted that the fight against the lingering war was a collective one and as such Nigerians must continue to support them. Gen Adeniyi, who is yet to take full command of the theatre, assured the relatives of the fallen soldiers at the ceremony that the army would not fail in its responsibilities. “Let me assure all of you that these heroes did not die in vain. They died for their fatherland and that has great honor. This is because they never begged the enemy but faced them squarely and paid the supreme sacrifice. “We are proud of them because they paid the supreme sacrifice for their nation. It is my prayer that God will strengthen all of you regardless of what happens in the nearest future.” He consoled the families of the fallen soldiers in an emotion laden voice saying that the documentation processes  would be fast tracked. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...