Local government staff in Ekiti State have appealed to the state and the Federal Government to commence the payment of the new N30,000 minimum wage. Some of the staff who spoke in separate interviews with Tribune Online in Oye, Ikole, Ido-Osi, Ilejemeje council areas said the payment of the new minimum wage was long overdue and that government should not delay the payment. They explained that prices of food stuff and other commodities have been increased by market men and women since the announcement of the new N30,000 minimum wage. A staff of Oye local government, Mr Rotimi Dada, appealed to the Federal Government to support the state governors financially to enable them pay the minimum wage without any hindrance. Dada said that President Muhammadu Buhari had signed the new minimum wage bill into law since April 18 and “it is the duty of Federal Government to support the bill with a huge financial budget.” Another staff of Ikole local government, Mrs Dupe Williams said the delay in the payment of the new minimum wage was becoming unbearable, noting both the state and the federal are not taking the welfare of the Nigerians into consideration. Sarz: Prolific producer who never stops winning EFCC arrests two suspected internet fraudsters wanted by FBI BREAKING: IG orders immediate arrest of Shi’ite leaders… JUST IN: Action Alliance National Chairman not kidnapped, he… ALSO READ: Rain destroys bridge on federal road linking Gombe, Adamawa Taraba states She explained that the Federal Government always give preferential treatment to political office holders, ahead of the hardworking civil and public servants. Mr Godwin Ajayi, a staff of Ido-Osi, local government, was of the opinion that the delay in the payment of the minimum wage was a deliberate attempt by the Federal Government to frustrate the workers. Ajayi explained that the workers were suffering as a result of the meagre salaries currently being received, adding most workers are approaching financial institutions for funds to offset their bills. A worker from Ilejemeje, Mrs Folake Oni and Mr Tayo Agbaje, who is a staff of Moba local government areas respectively, appealed to the Federal Government to commence quick payment of the minimum wage. They said that the only way to solve the financial problems of the workers was for the government to agree to their demands in due time before “it results into crises between the National Labour Congress and the Federal Government.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...