THE Minister of Works and Housing, Mr. Babatunde Fashola on Wednesday directed the management of both Ministries to provide a budget draft within the next two weeks to be submitted to the budget office. Fashola gave the directive in an event to mark his assumption to the office a few hours after the inauguration of appointed ministers at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. He said: “One of the things we have to do is to quickly bring out a budget for the Ministry and we have to do that in the next two weeks and if we can do that and do it right because the budget will be article of faith and over the next few days, all of us from the smaller units to the departments must be concentrating on how to quickly help the permanent secretary and us present a worthy budget by this ministry to the budget office to FEC and from there to the NASS. ALSO READ: Presidency announces Adesina, Shehu, Akande others’ reappointment While also tasking the management of resource management, he stressed the need to cut costs and wastages. Buhari approves Ipaye’s re-appointment, others in VP’s… Gov race:PDP clears 34 aspirants for Kogi, Bayelsa primaries Sonaiya applauds Sanwo-Olu for 32% female cabinet, urges… Joint military exercise shut down activities at Nigerian… “The resources of the nation are not enough for all of us to do what we want to do, so like every home where there are competing needs, we will first have to cut wastages and also have to cut costs. Everything will become possible if we are smart, creative, and we are very patriotic. “So I will expect from all the departments, cost-cutting initiatives at the same time, how to do more with less. I think in this way, we will be contributing our own part to the larger national status of delivering prosperity, growing the economy and creating a better life for the people of Nigeria,” he said. Earlier, the Minister of State for Works and Housing, Mr. Abubakar Aliyu, urged staff to work towards achieving the mandate of President Muhammadu Buhari. He assured that the Ministry leaderships will not fail in their duties but also emphasized the importance of teamwork saying; “I want to assure you that we will not fail…l nobody can do it alone, so let’s work together in synergy.” Ends SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...