The Lagos State Electricity Board (LSEB), in collaboration with the Nigerian Content and Development Monitoring Board (NCDMB), has trained the first batch of 100 selected candidates for The Smart Electrical Engineering Training Programme. The Smart Electrical Engineering Training Programme is part of NCDMB’s capacity-building efforts towards maximizing utilization of Nigerian Human Resources. Speaking at the Certificate Presentation Ceremony held yesterday in Lagos, The Executive Secretary, NCDMB, Engr. Simbi Wabote described the programme as a revised approach to training in the oil and gas industry meant to signpost the end of training just for training sake. ALSO READ: DSS, INEC seek legislation against fake news Simbi noted that the programme has achieved 60 percent job placement rate with employment secured in AOS Orwell, Daystar Power Group, Eauxwell, Jubaili Bros and PNN amongst others. DSS, INEC seek legislation against fake news Osun election tribunal set to deliver judgment in three… Jumia to host NBA star, Andre Iguodala’s interactive… NCC assures Nigerians of pervasive broadband penetration… He also pinpointed the export of talents as international job placements have been secured with BIC Electric for four of the trainees. Wabote stated that the trainees will be needed in the sustenance of the sector as the nation moves towards the realisation of the provision of reliable power supply as it is imperative to the industrialization of the country. Speaking also, The General Manager, Lagos State Electricity Board, Mr Muktar Tijani stated that the programme is a response to the huge gap existing in the supply of human capital in the energy industry. Tijani charged the participants to leverage the available skills to better their profession in order to be able to live up to the expectation of the organizers of the programme. He emphasized that the candidates were trained on a wide range of topics and subjects important to the Energy/Power Sector value chain and related industries. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...