ALH Yahaya Audu, a governorship aspirant under the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kogi, says he is in the race to transform and better the lives of people of the state. Audu, the younger brother to a former governor of the state, the late Abubakar Audu, said this on Tuesday shortly after submitting his expression of interest and nomination forms at the APC National Secretariat on Tuesday in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the ruling party ended the sale of expression of interest and nomination forms on Aug. 20, while submission will close on Aug. 21. NAN also reports that the party has scheduled its primaries to select the standard-bearer for Aug 29. “We are starting the train of liberation and I’m calling on all ‘Kogites’ to follow this train which is going to bring a lot of transformation into the state. BREAKING: Deputy governor escapes death as robbers kill 3… Nigerians rank fifth among African students in Germany #EndSARS: [VIRAL VIDEO] SARS operatives shoot dead suspected… 12th African Games: Nigerian beach volleyballers lose to… ALSO READ:  BREAKING: Protest as EFCC raids Ambode’s house in Epe “The obvious reason is that I spent 38 years in Europe. I was a bank manager in London. This means that I know what it means to rule the state successfully,” Audu said. The aspirant promised to provide free education and healthcare if given the opportunity to serve. “I can assure you that my administration will take good care of the people of Kogi, particularly women in the state,” he said. In a related development, Mr Hassan Abdullahi, a member of House of Representatives, has joined the list of governorship aspirants in the state by picking expression of interest and nomination forms at the party secretariat in Abuja. Abdullahi, who is representing Bassa/Dekina Federal Constituency, said that if elected, he would ensure prudent management of public funds and deliver good governance to the people of the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...