Following the reconstitution of the board of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) by President Muhammadu Buhari, governors of the states making up the commission are meeting in Abuja to deliberate on the way forward for the commission. The states include Abia, Bayelsa, Cross River, Delta, Edo, Imo, Ondo and Rivers. The meeting is taking place at Bayelsa State Lodge in Maitama, Abuja. Even though the agenda of the meeting was not revealed at the time of his report, it will not be unconnected with the new board and other issues concerning the commission. In the new appointment approved by President Buhari’s, former Edo State Governor, Dr Pius Odubu emerged as the Chairman-designate. Politician, 2 others arrested over decomposing corpse of… Kogi Guber; SDP Certifies Natasha’ s Candidature Buhari commends supportive role played by NURTW members… Chibok Girls, Leah Sharibu, Sowore: Nigerians to protest… A statement issued by the office of the Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF) on Wednesday had also named  Bernard Okumagba from Delta State, as Managing Director of the commission. ALSO READ: Nigeria’s agric sector is underperforming ― Minister The 16-man new board also has as members, Otobong Ndem from Akwa Ibom, who was appointed as the Executive Director, Projects; Maxwell Okoh from Bayelsa State; Jones Erue from Delta State; Victor Ekhatar from Edo State; Joy Nunieh from Rivers State; Nwogu Nwogu from Abia State; Theodore Allison from Bayelsa State; Victor Antai from Akwa Ibom State; Maurice Effiwatt from Cross River State; Olugbenga Elema from Ondo State; Uchegbu Kyrian from Imo State; and Aisha Muhammed from Kano State representing North-West area on the board. Ardo Zubairu from Adamawa State is to represent the North-East; while Badmus Mutalib from Lagos State will represent the South-West region on the board. Governor Rotimi Akeredolu (Ondo), Ifeanyi Okowa (Delta), Emeka Ihedioha (Imo), Udom Emmanuel)Akwa Ibom) and the host, Seriake Dickson (Bayelsa) had already arrived for the meeting at the time of this report. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...