PROF. Yohana Izam, Vice-Chancellor, Plateau State University (PLASU), Bokkos, on Friday decried the epileptic power being supplied to the university by the Nigerian Electricity Supply Company (NESCO). Izam, who made the remark during a complaint visit to NESCO Head Office, Bukuru, said: “the low power supply is adversely affecting our academic activities.” He informed the management of the company about the power situation on the institution’s campus and urged it to improve the services. ALSO READ: Anambra govt flags off Meningitis vaccination “We are in your office to complain about the epileptic power supply to our university and express the need for you to improve the electricity supply to the institution. “It is very unfortunate and sad that it is happening when our students are writing their semester examination. Kogi guber: Ata Igala confers chieftaincy title on former… Ekweremadu escapes IPOB members attack in Germany Adhere to professional ethics, medical practitioners advised Anambra 2021: PPA collapses structure to PDP “The increase is expected to provide the lever for academic excellence and overall productivity of the University, ” he said. The vice-chancellor, who was accompanied by the University’s Director of Works, Josiah Mann, described as “unacceptable the unsteady electricity supply to the university. According to him, the undue treatment of the University by the company was uncalled for considering the efforts of its management to meet its obligations in payment of bills. Mr Abraham Adama, Assistant Manager, who received the vice-chancellor and his entourage on behalf of the management of the electricity company, assured them of immediate intervention. “I am assuring you that we shall respond quickly, particularly now that students are writing examinations. “While we apologise for the inconveniences the low supply has caused you, we wish to use the opportunity to appreciate the management of the University for the cordial relationship existing between us, ” Adama said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...