President Muhammadu Buhari has observed that the murder of Rev. Fr. David Tanko at Kpankufu Village on Wukari Road in Taraba state highlights the urgency required in finding a solution to the enduring Tiv/Jukun crisis. He has also called on the government and people of Benue and Taraba States to exercise restraint following the gruesome killing of the Catholic Priest. A statement issued in Abuja on Friday by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), said the President has directed the Taraba and Benue State Governors, traditional rulers, specifically the Tor Tiv and the Aku Uka of Wukari, religious and community leaders in the two states to meet urgently to bring an end to persistent violent clashes between Jukun and Tiv people. ALSO READ: Okorocha to Ihedioha: You can’t order my arrest, it’s a direct invitation to anarchy It quoted the President as saying:  “The murder of the Catholic Priest highlights the urgency of addressing this embarrassing and persistent conflict.” Describing such frenzy of human destruction, violent attacks on people and property in the communities by the warring parties as unacceptable, the President said the Federal Government will not sit idly and watch the deep-seated antagonistic relationship between the Tiv and Jukun people fester. The President said: ”I have watched with trepidation and disbelief how hate and bigotry have inhabited the human soul, resulting in brothers killing brothers. Toyota to build vehicle assembly plants in Ghana, Ivory… Buhari ready to fight corruption, insecurity, says Police… Bauchi gov, Bala Mohammed sacks political aide Gunmen kidnap Action Alliance National Chairman, Udeze, in… ”On behalf of the Federal government and the entire people of the country, I offer my condolences to the Catholic community, the government and people of Taraba over the losses arising from recent incidents involving the warring communities. “The persistent deaths and destruction and the seeming desire by the warring sides to push each other to extinction are embarrassing, and this is against the essence of our ethnic and religious diversity in the country. “Progress is impossible where violence and destruction are allowed to dominate our daily lives.” Acknowledging that the Tiv/Jukun violence is one of Nigeria’s most persistent and intractable security problems, President Buhari assured the affected communities that the Federal government will not leave them to their fate or treat cases of communal violence with levity and indifference. The statement further quoted the President: “The deployment of security men can only provide a temporary solution. ”The long term and lasting solution to this deep-seated antagonistic relationship between the warring factions depend on the willingness of those involved to listen to reason and give peace a chance. “It is time for leaders of the ethnic groups to come together and draw up a roadmap for lasting peace. The impact of this persistent violence on the social and economic life of the people is incalculable.” The statement said to this end, a high-level intervention from the Federal level made up religious, community leaders and top security operatives are being put together by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) to examine all issues underlying the conflicts in the hope of finding a permanent solution. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...