As the efforts towards achieving self-sufficiency in rice production in Nigeria thickens, one of Nigeria’s indigenous rice milling company based in Kano, Amarava Rice Mill, has said it is targeting to double its production capacity by September 2019. The Rice Mill which was commissioned in 2017 by President Muhammadu Buhari, is set to receive a major boost to its production capacity by over 100 percent to the tune of 500 metric tonnes daily even as it is heavily investing in the expansion of its millers. The Chairman, Fullmark Group (parent company of Amarava Agro Processors Limited), Sriram Venkateswaran, who revealed this while speaking with journalists, stated that the drive to boost capacity is geared towards promoting government diversification effort, reduce independence on the importation of rice and improve food security. Rice worth over N145bn smuggled into Nigeria since January ―… Keystone Bank empowers youths and business start-ups Seplat wins ‘Outstanding Indigenous Contributor to Gas… We must bridge 306 and 360/US$ forex rates ― Ahmed ALSO READ: Man, 40, docked for allegedly stealing employer’s N1.9m property “Currently, we produce 250 metric tonnes of rice per day, and with the coming expansion of our millers, we are set to double this capacity. This serves as a positive reinforcement for our local rice farmers because they will increase hectares used for rice cultivation. Not only that, we are engaging more farmers who will be directly involved in the cultivation process thereby boosting the agricultural productivity of the Nigerian economy”, he noted. He further stated that the expansion of the millers beyond its current capacity would generate more jobs both directly and indirectly across the country. He assured that Nigeria is on the track to attain its true status of the ‘food basket of Africa’. Venkateswaran urged the government at all levels, particularly the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to continue its support for agriculture, by committing more funding for agricultural investors and instituting enabling policies for local farming. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...