KANO State Governor, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has called on 1,450 Corps members posted to the state for one-year service programme, to drop all perceptions of being from different tribes, cultures, languages or religion, but should embrace one other as a family. This is just as the State coordinator, Alhaji Ladan Baba, appealed to the state governor, on the rehabilitation of the feeder road from Kusallah junction to the camp, as the motorist was using the bad road to charged exorbitant transport fare from corps members while coming to the camp. Governor Ganduje made the assertion on Thursday, when the State Secretary to the Government (SSG), Alhaji Usman Alhaji, was speaking on his behalf the swearing-in ceremony of the 2019 Batch “B” orientation course held on Thursday at the NYSC permanent orientation camp, Karaye Local Government Area, Kano, urged all Corps members to feel at home in Kano. ALSO READ: 17 die in Jebba-Ilorin highway crash The Governor said his government would remain unrelenting in the discharge of its statutory responsibilities on security and welfare of its citizens, Corps members inclusive, assuring them adequate protection of life and property while serving in the state. Buhari, APC have fooled Nigerians,  Secondus says NIS begins e-registration of migrants in Ogun DPR seals gas plant over illegal operations in Ogun, arrest… $9bn damage against Nigeria in British court: FG to deal… He further disclosed that the state government is committed to the implementation of the youth policies on improved participation of its teeming youths in all aspects of life enterprises that would strategically boost the economy. Earlier, the state NYSC coordinator, Alhaji Ladan Baba, said a total number of 1,450 corps members were registered, comprising of 719 males and 731 females. He called on Corps members to strive to be an employer’s of labour and not job seekers, noting that with the present economic situation government can not provide job opportunities for every teeming masses of the state. Alhaji Baba then commended governor Ganduje, for completion of two solar motorised boreholes, noting that the gesture has gone a long way, the Corps members could have been passing through in search of drinkable water, had it been there was no borehole. Alhaji Baba also appeals to governor Ganduje, to assist the camp, through completion of the General renovation of the camp, which has been abandoned by the contractor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...