THE Ataoja of Osogbo, Oba Jimoh Oyetunji, has announced that no fewer than one million people are expected in Osogbo during the Grand Finale of the 2019 edition of the annual Osun Osogbo Festival coming up on Friday, August 16, 2019. The Ataoja stated this on Wednesday in Osogbo during the presentation by Nigeria Breweries Limited (NBL) and Coca Cola Nigeria Limited some of the partners of the 2019 edition of the festival, saying that the event has been designed to be peaceful. Oba Oyetunji said that devotees, participants, tourists and guests are expected from Nigeria and outside the country, stressing that all arrangements have been put in place to have a successful festival. A statement by the Managing Consultant of Osun Osogbo Festival, Mr Toye Arulogun, quoted the Ataoja as assuring that adequate security has been put in place to ensure a hitch-free festival in collaboration with the various security agents. BREAKING: El-Zakzaky frustrating doctors, prefers to stay in… BREAKING: Buhari suspends Obono-Obla over corruption… ICYMI: Army deploys four mine-resistant vehicles for… I won’t let you down, Senator Oriolowo assures… ALSO READ:  Taraba killings: Buhari not indifferent to death of policemen —… He noted that the Federal Government, Federal Government agencies, Osun State Government, security agencies, Corporate Bodies, Institutions and individuals have committed to the unprecedented celebration of this year’s festival. Oba Oyetunji appreciated all sponsors and partners for their support to ensure the success of the festival, praying that every sponsor and partner will continue to prosper in their various endeavours. He explained that the festival is an annual ritual in fulfilment of the promise to Yeye Osun, the goddess of river Osun, stressing that over the years, it has grown in stature and reputation to merit a listing by United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO) in 2005 as a world heritage site. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...