PAYTV service provider,  Multichoice Nigeria has described the nation’s paytv market as very critical to its business, hence its  level of investment  in the market in recent times. Speaking with journalists of this year’s football season event in Lagos, recently, the Chief Customer Officer, Multichoice Nigeria, Mr. Martins Mabutho, stated that the  annual event,  the fourth in the series, was a way of identifying with  the passion of many football lovers in the country. He also  described the event as the company’s way of expressing its gratitude to its various sponsors for their unflinching support over the years. Ekweremadu escapes IPOB members attack in Germany “It is something we’ve been doing for the past four years.  You know football is big business in Nigeria. And it commands a huge followership among Nigerians. Besides many of those clubsides have a very huge followership base in Nigeria, too. So we believe it would be out of place for such competition to commence without putting an event together to mark such kick-offs. “So what we are doing today is to use this event  to punctuate and mark the start of a new season of all  the leagues, such as  Serie A, Laliga and  EPL that you find on Dstv,” he stated. My agenda for outdoor advertising practice in Nigeria… Why we repackaged Goldberg lager —NB Plc Outdoor advertising: Lewd mobile video stirs fresh… We are poised to redefine customer service in paints —Berger… Mabutho also believed the event was a way of reaching out to the paytv service providers’ partners, for their unflinching loyalty and patronage of the brand’s offerings. “This is also a way of saying let us come together and thank our sponsors, since  last season could not have happened without them and  this season couldn’t have happened without them. It is also meant  to appreciate  our subscribers,  and intimate them of our commitment to serving them the more. “Last year, we didn’t have Community Shield,  and we were vilified, this year we’ve brought it for you. We are bringing you 380 matches live and in HD. They are all on your Dstv Compact subscription and your other subscriptions. I think it’s a way of saying the season you all love, the season you have been waiting for is starting today,” he added. He disclosed that similar event would be held in other cities of the federation, as a way of  celebrating  football. According to him, the recent structure put up for the big Brother Nigeria TV,  a reality television show, in Nigeria, equipped with the state- of- the- art facilities, was informed by the company’s belief in the nation’s business environment and its commitment to enhancing it. “We operate in 49 countries, but Nigeria remains important to us in the Multichoice Africa Group, and that informs the level of investment we are making in Nigeria,  not only in Sports, not only in general entertainment,  but even in physical infrastructure.  An example is the  multi-purpose structure which has a never-used-anywhere-in-the-world equipment, put up for the Big Brother Nigeria Show,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...