ORAL s3x used to be a taboo subject, but these days it’s a common form of s3xual activity. With the growing awareness about oral s3x, and the increasing rate of enquiry one gets regularly on the moral, religious and legal desirability of oral s3x, I feel obligated also to let those of us engaging in oral s3x note that there are associated risks involved, so as to help us know what we may be up against as we savour the enjoyment of it. No matter the moral, religious and legal views on oral s3x, I strongly feel that the most important concern about it should be how it affects our health. That is, what oral s3x is contributing to our staying alive to enjoy more years of s3x. Or of what benefit is oral s3x to one, if it will reduce the length of years one will have to enjoy a great s3x life. The reality of oral s3x is that it puts one at the risk of one’s life being cut short. This is apart from the pains of years of ill health one may be subjected to due to oral s3x. Below are some of the risks involved in oral s3x. For avoidance of doubt, let me also define oral s3x as being using your mouth, lips or tongue to stimulate your partner’s genitals or anus. Both men and women can give their partner oral s3x. You’ve probably heard oral s3x called many names – ‘going down’, a ‘blow job’, ‘giving head’, a ‘69’ or ‘rimming’ (plus plenty more). But oral s3x has official medical names too: oral s3x on a woman (the vagina, vulva and clitoris) is called cunnilingus, and oral s3x on a man (the penis) is called fellatio. If oral s3x involves the anus, it’s called anilingus. Generally, you’re more at risk of catching an STI from oral s3x if you give rather than receive oral s3x – because you’re more likely to be exposed to genital fluids  Risks involved in oral s3x A range of s3xually transmissible infections (STIs) can be associated with oral s3x. Here are some of the most common ones.  Human papilloma virus (HPV) or genital warts HPV is known as the virus that can cause cervical cancer in women. But HPV can lead to a range of other cancers too – such as throat or oral cancer or cancers of other parts of the genitals – and other serious diseases. Risks associated with oral sex (2) Friendship: An essential ingredient to success in marriage… Friendship: An essential ingredient to success in marriage Effective communication in marriage HPV is a common virus that can affect both males and females. It’s passed on through either genital or oral s3x, through both heteros3xual and same s3x partners. Some strains of HPV result in genital warts – soft growths that occur on the genitals – although it’s rare for genital warts to be passed to the mouth and lips through oral s3x. Genital warts are very common, but can’t be cured. They may be treated with medications or surgery. Contracting HPV doesn’t guarantee cancer, but US studies have shown more than 50 per cent of cases of oral cancer can be linked back to HPV, for instance. Men are more at risk than women.  Hepatitis A Hepatitis A is a gut infection that’s passed on through contact with infected faeces. If oral s3x includes licking or touching your partner’s anus, even if it looks clean, you may be at risk of this disease. My book, enjoying great s3x life,is still available for sale. Please call 08112658560 for details To be continued next week. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...