The Lagos State Police Command has said it foiled an attempted bank robbery by a suspected team of robbers in Ejigbo area of the state and arrested its ring leader with his arms. The command’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Bala Elkana, stated this on Sunday in a statement. Elkana said that on August 9, at about 9.45a.m, the Ejigbo Police Station received a distress call that some armed robbers on motorcycles were operating outside Access Bank along Egbe Road by NNPC Junction at Ejigbo. He said a patrol team was deployed from the Ejigbo Police Station to reinforce the Mobile Policemen on guard duty at the bank and the patrol team engaged the armed robbers in a gun battle. “The armed robbers were overpowered and chased up to Egbe area where their ring leader was arrested after he had sustained bullet wounds but others escaped. “One Brownie pistol with one live ammunition was recovered from the suspect. The sum of N250, 000 earlier snatched from a female victim was recovered from him and handed over to her,” he said. Five siblings die in fire incident in Lagos Pandemonium in Lagos as stray bullet kills pregnant woman Man found hanging in front of shop in Delta Court sentences 2 men to death by hanging for armed robbery… The image maker said that the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) had taken over the investigation, stressing that efforts were on to apprehend other fleeing members of the gang. ALSO READ: Eid-el Kabir: Abubakar urges prayers, says there is hope for Nigeria Elkana also said in the statement that a car snatching ring leader was arrested on August 9 by Anti Crime Patrol Team from the Satellite Police Station. He said that the police foiled an attempt by the syndicate to snatch a Peugeot 307 salon car at Mosalasi area of Mile 2, along the Lagos /Badagry Expressway. The command’s spokesman said one Francis Abubakar, who was the ring leader of the gang was arrested, while one locally-made shotgun was recovered from him. “The Peugeot 307 was recovered and handed over to the owner. SARS has taken over the case with a view to apprehending other members of the gang. “Investigation is ongoing while the suspect will be charged to court,” Elkana said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...