Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has paraded one of the most wanted suspected internet fraudsters by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in Ilorin, Kwara state. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin on Friday, the Ilorin zonal head of the commission, Sharu Isyaku, who said that the 36-year-old suspect, Oyediran Joseph, was arrested in Ilorin, added that “the suspect had benefitted about N60 million from the loot via Western Union Transfer”. It is recalled that the FBI had reportedly arrested no fewer than 78 Nigerians in the USA involving in internet fraud and cybercrime-related offences amounting to millions of US Dollars. ALSO READ: Niger govt moves to tackle security challenges Mr Isyaku, who said that the Ilorin zonal office of EFCC covers Kwara, Kogi and Ekiti states, added that “just last three weeks, the US authority had written to us for assistance in tracking and possible arrest and prosecution of two most wanted FBI suspects in Nigeria. The commission accedes to their request. Toyota to build vehicle assembly plants in Ghana, Ivory… Buhari ready to fight corruption, insecurity, says Police… Bauchi gov, Bala Mohammed sacks political aide Gunmen kidnap Action Alliance National Chairman, Udeze, in… “The commission has been supportive of the activities of the FBI and every other foreign counterpart whose responsibility is similar or analogous to ours”. EFCC head also said that the zone had traced four properties linked to some cybercrime suspects in choice areas to Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti state. He said the properties include supermarket and plaza put in the region of between N800 million to N1 billion. “Within seven months of our operation, the Ilorin zonal office has independently arrested over 58 suspected internet fraudsters, secured conviction of 25 and got forfeiture of their exotic cars and money running into millions of Naira to the federal government. “We all know it is an image that sells a product and nothing else. Our strength as a nation is dependent on the vibrancy of our economy which is a common denominator binding us together. Businesses worldwide are being conducted through the medium of cyber, this underscores the need for all of us to come together in fighting the scourge of internet fraud and cybercrime with a view to making the cyberspace well-fortified so that foreign investors can come in and invest to further boost our economy”, he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...