The Argungu Unit Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps has returned the sum of four hundred and sixteen thousand naira to victims of a road crash in Argungu Local Government Area of Kebbi State. The accident which occurred on Saturday, August 17, 2019, at about 09:05 in the morning along bye-pass on Argungu – Birni Kebbi road near College Of Education, Argungu. This is contained in a statement issued by the Zonal Public Education Officer in Sokoto,  ACC Aliyu Maaji, and released to journalists in the state. According to the statement, “there was a reported case of a crash that involved a Toyota Carina 2 with registration number YYB 117 AA and a Toyota pick up van registered AA 98 GWN. ALSO READ: Truck driver docked for knocking down army corporal “Not less than four persons, all males were involved, in which three of them were injured but no fatality. Buhari approves Ipaye’s re-appointment, others in VP’s… Gov race:PDP clears 34 aspirants for Kogi, Bayelsa primaries Sonaiya applauds Sanwo-Olu for 32% female cabinet, urges… Joint military exercise shut down activities at Nigerian… “The victims sustained varying degrees of injuries and were conveyed to Argungu General Hospital.” The statement further disclosed that the Zonal Commanding Officer, ACM Kayode Olagunju, commended the efforts of his men and praised their integrity. He called on all officers and men in the Zone to continue to do their best and ensure the prompt rescue of road crash victims. He directed the operatives to always carefully document monies and other items recovered from scenes of crashes and these should be promptly handed over to the victims or relations of dead ones without tampering with any of the items. He, however, warned that the monitoring teams will always be on the road to fish out any staff that engages in extortion or compromise in the discharge of their duties. He further enjoined motorists to be more patient while on the road and obey traffic rules as well as regulations to avoid accidents which may result in sustaining injuries or loss of lives and property on the road. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...