As the newly inaugurated ministers assume duties, a group, Association of  Iron and Steel Fabricated Metal  Products ( AISFMP), has urged the ministers to hit the ground running in their various ministries to ensure the realisation of the agenda of President Muhammadu Buhari. The AISFMP in a statement signed by its national chairman, Dr. Kamoru Yusuf, specifically called on the Ministers of  Mines and Steel  Development, Honourable Olamilekan Adegbite and his counterpart in the Ministry of Industry,   Trade and Investment, Otunba Adeniyi Adebayo to come up with concrete policies and programmes that will resuscitate the steel sector and  the entire manufacturing sector . The group noted that a realistic policy framework from Minister of Steel and his counterpart in Trade and Investment would be complementary in promoting the economic diversification plan of the government. “Mines and Steels is one of the bedrocks of the Nigeria economy which needs serious attention due to the numerous challenges posing threats to the growth and development of Steel Industries in the country. “As one of the major players in the nation’s economy, we deem it fit to be given adequate attention in the interest of nation-building and in particular, economic revival. Nigeria, peace is the key Cancellation of pre-shipment inspection fuelling insurgency,… At coronation anniversary, Erinmo celebrates culture,… FG to recover N614 billion outstanding debt from 35 state… ALSO READ: Buhari, APC have fooled Nigerians, Secondus says “We congratulate the new ministers especially the duo of Honourable Olamilekan Adegbite and Otunba Adeniyi Adebayo, for their well-deserved appointments, we urge them to study the Industrial Roadmap Revolution for the sector among others. ” It is our hope that they will use  their rich experiences towards achieving the goals of the sector.” The group assured the ministers of their readiness to support them in their tasks towards nation-building process stressing that adequate consultation should be adopted in a bid to tackling the prevailing problems facing the sectors which has led to the collapse of many indigenous industries in the country. Dr. Yusuf also called on President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo to put the newly inaugurated Ministers on their toes for the actualisation of the next agenda policy of the government just as he called for the provision of enabling an environment for private investors to thrive. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...