Ile Tuntun Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State has dissolved the 23-year-old wedlock between a woman, Omolola Quadri and her husband, Mufutau Quadri. Omolola in her divorce suit accused her husband of battery and threat to life. She thus prayed the court to dissolve their union. “My lord, my husband turned me into his drum that he beats day and night for the 23 years we have been married. “He works in Lagos and returns home at weekends. I heave a sigh of relief any time he’s not in town because there will be peace in the house. Immediately he returns home at the weekend, he turns the whole house upside down. NHIS to deploy robust ICT to drive reforms for rapid transformation ― Prof. Sambo “He starts to give orders, shouts at everyone and will later pounce on me, beating me blue black. People easily know that my husband is around when they see me with swollen face or blood-shot eyes, “Omolara said. “Mufutu has proved to be irresponsible over the years. He doesn’t care about my welfare and that of our children. All he knows to do is to boast that he’s the head of the home. My wife comes to my office, strips herself naked,  fights… Despite her bad voice, she joined a music band against my… She denied me sex, said she wanted me dead —Husband Woman seeks N1.1m from ex husband as daughter’s feeding… “Our daughter fell into the hands of 419 and was duped of N150,000 belonging to her boss who got her arrested by the police. “My husband was indifferent to our daughter’s plight. It was my sister who stood for her at the police station and came to our aid financially. “We quarreled over this and he instructed me to move out of his house before he returned the following weekend. “I moved to my sister’s place and decided to stay there till he was appeased. Mufutau rained curses on me and my sister on phone throughout that particular weekend. “He threatened to send thugs to beat and humiliate me. “My lord, I was going out one evening not knowing that he had hidden in a bush along the path. He jumped out of the bush, pounced on me, held me by the neck and wrapped my hijab round my face. He would have strangled me but for the footsteps of passers-by that he heard. He released me and ran back into the bush. “My lord, this is actually what brought me to court. Mufutau will kill me if I don’t terminate our relationship today, “she stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...