THE wife of the governor of Lagos State, Dr Ibijoke Sanwo-Olu, on Thursday, advocated for exclusive breastfeeding to lower the risks of breast and ovarian cancer among women. Sanwo-Olu made the call at the annual breastfeeding week of the Lagos State Chapter of the Nigeria Association of Women Journalists (NAWOJ). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that she was represented by Mrs Funmilayo Obajimi, an official in the office of the Wife of the Governor. The governor’s wife, who is also a medical doctor, said exclusive breastfeeding could also help women to burn extra calories. ALSO READ: Expert suggests sensitisation as best approach to curbing drug abuse This, she said, is in addition to helping to lower the risk of osteoporosis, a medical condition in which the bones become fragile from loss of tissue. ”As a mother and medical practitioner, I clearly understand and appreciate the positive effect of exclusive breastfeeding for at least the first six months after delivery on babies. ”Any initiative geared towards bringing it to the consciousness of the people must be appreciated and supported. Truck crushes soilder to death in Abeokuta Oyo PDP chieftain berates protesters of Fakorede’s… Unilorin professor discovers anti-cancer, anti-TB drugs,… 27-year-old Fakorede, true Ibarapa son with huge prospects ―… ”When observed for the first six months after birth, exclusive breastfeeding helps in no small measure to reduce morbidity in children. ”It helps to strengthen the immune system and protects against serious diseases such as respiratory infection, low growth, diarrhoea, pneumonia among others,” she said. According to her, without mincing words, there are several benefits inherent in strict adherence to the practice of exclusive breastfeeding for both children and mothers. She also advised that all hands should be on deck to create an enabling environment for mothers to breastfeed optimally, considering the theme of this year’s celebration. She also encouraged fathers to give utmost consideration and to always create time to support nursing mothers. Sanwo-Olu commended the ‘Nawojians’ for putting up the event, as well as for giving her the opportunity to lend her voice as an advocate of exclusive breastfeeding. The Mother of the Day, Mrs Toro Oladapo, also emphasised the benefits of exclusive breastfeeding. Oladapo, a former NAWOJ President, also commended the association’s executives for organising the event. NAN reports that the 2019 event was entitled: ”Empower Women, Enable Breastfeeding.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!