The Executive Director, University of Lagos Business School (UBLS), Prof. Abraham Osinubi, says not less than 25 candidates have been shortlisted for the take-off of the school in September. Osinubu made the disclosure in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Lagos. According to him, the school to offer professional training, will be a focal point of knowledge and have its core value built on uniqueness, leadership integrity, business innovation and synergy. He said that the ULBS was set up by the University of Lagos to advance excellence in business education. ALSO READ: Taraba: NYSC hands over 3 suspects with alleged fake certificates to police “This school will provide executive professional degree, diploma and certificate programmes relevant to today’s working world and stand ready to help the new generation of business leaders and managers to solidify their immediate and long-term successes in business. Truck crushes soilder to death in Abeokuta Oyo PDP chieftain berates protesters of Fakorede’s… Unilorin professor discovers anti-cancer, anti-TB drugs,… 27-year-old Fakorede, true Ibarapa son with huge prospects ―… “We are going to start lectures with a total of 25 students even though we have the capacity to admit as many as 50 students. “Perhaps it should interest you to know that over 50 applied for the take-off of this programme; we are going to do our shortlisting for just 25. “We will accommodate a maximum of 25 because it is an executive classroom,” he said. The executive director added that the programme would cost a total of N4 million, and expressed the hope that the programme would bridge the gap between theory and practical. “We are set to bridge the gap between knowledge and what obtains in the industry so that there is no more gulf, no schism between what students are being taught and what are obtainable in practice. “We have facilitators from within the academia and the industry who are going to be taking courses together. “As a matter of fact, one course will jointly be taken by at least two facilitators, with one coming from the industry and the other from the academia; this is what makes us unique in the University of Lagos,” the executive director said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!