A chieftain of All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Lanre Razak, has expressed confidence that the Next Level mantra of President Muhammadu Buhari is real and not an empty slogan, urging Nigerians to double their support with a view to assisting him to consolidate and improve on his first term satisfactory performance. Razak, a former commissioner in the state, made the appeal while speaking with newsmen, pointing out that some steps Buhari had taken were clear testimony that he was all out to meet the needs and aspirations of the citizenry. According to him, Buhari’s insistence that all states must pay N30,000 minimum wage for workers is part of his commitment to the welfare of the country’s workforce. “I mean next level in education, next level in good infrastructure, next level of the good healthcare programme, next level of good agricultural development and programmes for Nigerians and next level of economic buoyancy,” Razak enthused. ALSO READ:  Shiites leader, El-Zakzaky, wife arrive in India for medical treatment… The astute politician contended that his belief that the president would move the country more forward was reinforced by the friendly 9th National Assembly which he stated would not hold the whole country hostage and thereby deny the nation of economic progress and development like the 8th National Assembly. BREAKING: El-Zakzaky frustrating doctors, prefers to stay in… BREAKING: Buhari suspends Obono-Obla over corruption… ICYMI: Army deploys four mine-resistant vehicles for… I won’t let you down, Senator Oriolowo assures… The elder statesman, while citing an example of Buhari’s determination to steer the country’s ship to a successful end, reminded that the president had taken concrete steps to rid the country of all forms of criminalities, including Boko Haram insurgency, cultism, banditry, kidnapping, robbery, among others. “Having realised that the security challenges in the country have external connection and foreign backers, Mr President has globe trotted to meet with all the heads of neighbouring countries with the sole aim of squeezing life out of the insurgents from all angles,” Razak said, adding that this step was in addition to the meetings with all the stakeholders in the country like the religious leaders, leaders of ethnic nationalities, security agencies and other leaders of thoughts. “This all-inclusive policy of Buhari has shown him as a leader that has the interest of the country at heart,” the APC chieftain said. “Nigerians should continue to appreciate God for giving us Muhammadu Buhari at a time the country needed a messiah badly. We should, therefore, double our supports for him so that he could be encouraged to continue the good work he has started four years ago,” Alhaji Razak said. On the ministers designate, the elder statesman expressed enthusiasm that President Buhari had walked his talk that he would pick those he knew can do the job to move the country to the enviable height in the comity of nations, assuring that, “The team he has put together is peopled by tested and trusted hands who know their onions.” On the crises bedevilling the APC in some states in the country, Razak submitted unequivocally that, the party had an effective crises resolution mechanism that would smoothen all the rough edges in the party, reminding that the National Leader of APC, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, would rally all the stakeholders round to make sure that normalcy returned to all the affected area. The politician further assured that Tinubu would not allow the party he was strongly involved in building to collapse, giving his “quantum selfless services to humanity and nation-building vis a vis restoration of full democracy to the country.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...