African Travel Quarterly, (Atqnews.com), has unveiled a shortlist of diaspora winners of the Africa Travel 100 Global personalities awards. The award recognises personalities of African origin, living in or outside Africa, with evidence of remarkable contribution to the development of the continent and diaspora in the area of tourism and travel, irrespective of their current nationality. The 15th edition of Akwaaba African Travel Market (AfTM) which is scheduled to hold from September 22 to 24, 2019 at Eko Hotels and Suites, Lagos, will also have the award event on September 23. The event will be part of the first African Tourism Diaspora Conference 2019, expected to draw top tourism personalities from around the world to Lagos. In a press release by the organizer  and made available to Travelpulse&MICE, explained that African Tourism Diaspora Conference is to mark 400 years of slavery. “Slavery, in the continent is a very sensitive topic that has created an uncomfortable relationship between Africa and the Diaspora. The conference is an opportunity to celebrate the merging of Africans, Americans, Caribbeans and the rest of the world during this memorable gathering expected in Lagos. “Africa, with 54 countries and a population of 1.2 billion has an unbelievable tourist attraction. The Caribbean and African diaspora have a unique culture, rich heritage and beautiful destinations for tourists, hence the need to connect and combine these wonderful cultures and population, creating a huge global market. “The African Diaspora Tourism Conference creates a platform to discuss, initiate, dialogue and celebrate a new relationship. However, the recognition of Africa as an encouragement for Africans and Diaspora Africans to explore, relate and live, using the African Diaspora Tourism Conference as the African platform to build a long-lasting relationship. “Posterity will remember that the improvement was earned not by coincidence, but by conscious efforts to validate the struggles, strengths, and linkages between African descendants on a pan-African level. “The African diaspora and Africa have the same unique culture, rich heritage and beautiful destinations for tourism and trade, therefore, there is a need to connect and combine these wonderful cultures and population as a market for mutual benefit.” The Africa Travel 100 Awards now in its 18th year has recognised over the years leaders, industry practitioners and government officials who have promoted and improved the tourism and travel industry, using unique platforms and innovative information to grow its lots. However, some of countries in Africa which have genuinely stepped on the pedestrian of MICE (Meetings, Incentives, Conferences and Events) through individual efforts and government contributions made up five per cent of the MICE Promoters categories of the African Diaspora Global Tourism Personalities awards. The five personalities voted for in the online criteria by the organizer are the governor of Cross River State, Professor Ben Ayade; organiser, Carnival Calabar, Nigeria; Mr Rick Taylor, a MICE expert from South Africa; Rabbi Kohain, Executive Director of Panafest, Ghana; Tom Kunkler, organiser of Kilifair and SITES in Tanzania and the energetic ‘Mama Bakassi’, Senator Florence Ita-Giwa, the band leader of Carnival Calabar, Nigeria.  AFRICAN DIASPORA GLOBAL TOURISM PERSONALITIES    INITIAL SHORTLIST OF AFRICAN WINNERS Transportation 1 Rohan Vos…….Owner of Rovos Rail (South Africa)  Aviation The Gambia returns to tourism marketing in Lagos, appoints… TIME Grand Plaza Hotel appoints Fantoli as new General… Lagos to host Turkish Airlines’ world’s largest amateur golf… AFRIMA: Promoting Africa through new narrative, incentives   Past African Legend of Travel Winners  Tourism Media  Tourism Administration  Hospitality/ facility owners  Travel Business  Tour Operations  MICE Promoters. 1.Governor Ben Ayade… Organizer Carnival Calabar. 2.Rick Taylor, MICE Expert (South Africa). 3.Rabbi Kohain, Executive Director Panafest (Ghana). 4.Tom Kunkler, Organiser Kilifair and SITES (Tanzania). 5.Senator Florence Ita-Giwa, Band leader, Carnival Calabar  Heritage & Culture SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...