With the Eleganza Group currently employing about 5000 people across Nigeria,‘Manufacturing is not another ideology that countries may or may not choose to practice, it is a key component for national growth.’ The company is rising to new heights and strengthening its position as a leading indigenous brand as well as one of the benchmark manufacturing companies in Nigeria. In July, the Chief Executive Officer of the manufacturing giant, Folashade Okoya, who helms the affairs of the company over the past decade with her husband, Chief Razak Okoya published an oped titled ‘Nigeria’s Manufacturing Power Couple on the Future of Manufacturing in Nigeria.’ The article has been featured in the prestigious Forbes Africa magazine and examines the need for greater automation in the manufacturing processes as well as the trends that will influence the competitive Nigerian manufacturing sector in the next decade. Ghanaian actress Juliet Ibrahim shares `unwholesome’… Tiwa Savage, Davido, Burna Boy, Simi nominated for 2019… Nude dance: NCAC vows to use Tekno as scapegoat, to teach… Nollywood Actor, Lateef Adedimeji Joins Rolad Properties As… Chief Mrs. FolasadeOkoya has been at the helm of affairs at the Eleganza Group, where she is using her entrepreneurial drive to strengthen the goodwill of the organization and its corporate positioning in Nigeria.At a time when the manufacturing sector has been dominated by men because it was considered to be too challenging for women, she has used her entrepreneurial prowess to show the relevance of women in the sector. The manufacturing industry is contributing nearly 13 per cent of GDP to the Nigerian economy. FolashadeOkoya and her husband are industrialists who have contributed greatly to this quota by transforming a small trading company into one of the largest conglomerates and indigenous manufacturers of household products in Nigeria.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...