THE President General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chief Nnia Nwodo, has called for a thorough investigation into the monstrous killing of a pregnant woman at Nchatancha-Nike community in Enugu-East Local Government of Enugu State. It could be recalled that there was a violent protest by the youths in the community over the killing of the woman identified as Mrs Pat Ngwu when her dead body was found in a bush near a stream last Thursday after she was allegedly abducted by suspected herdsmen. In a statement by the Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Emeka Attamah to the President General stated that though the executive members of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Enugu State chapter had visited the home of the victim, it was still necessary for him to add his voice to the condemnation of the dastardly and inhuman act. ALSO READ: Name those who gave you N13m, APC challenges Wadume Gombe, Bangladesh explore areas of partnership in trade,… Name those who gave you N13m, APC challenges Wadume We will deliver our mandate — Tijjani Aliyu Nigeria, US partnership will continue to produce mutually… Chief Nwodo decried the growing tendency of some detractors of the state government who are out to destabilise the peace and tranquillity in Enugu State. President General enjoined the state government not to be distracted by enemies of progress, but to continue to carry out measures it has put in place to secure lives and property in the state. Chief Nwodo called on security agencies to unravel the conspiracy and tendency of hoodlums who are making the state insecure through incessant kidnappings and killings which hitherto were absent. He commiserated with the family of the deceased and urged them to bear the loss with fortitude. Chief Nwodo called for general vigilance and precautions among the people to nip these acts in the bud.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...