Landwey, one of Nigeria’s most respected real estate companies with developmental projects in the commercial, retail and residential property segments have just acquired a 25 per ecnt stake in Vistafront, a tech platform for funding real estate projects online. Since investing in real estate can be a capital intensive project for many, Vistafron was established to give people the opportunity to fund real estate projects from the comfort of their mobile devices and earn good profit at the end of the project cycle Concerning the decision to acquire a stake in the company, that is currently causing a disruption on the startup scene, Mr  Olawale Ayilara, founder of Landwey said: “we are always proud when we spot an opportunity for our clients and followers to be further involved in real estate projects that will give them the best returns for their money. We understand the need to continually evolve as we serve our audience and we are glad that with this partnership, we can fully support and encourage everyone to fund real estate projects on Vistafront.” Police seal off venue where Soyinka, Falana were to speak in Lagos African telecoms regulators converge on Abuja for 2019… E-Nigeria to become Africa’s ICT conference, exhibition by… Experts task business owners on use of technology FRSC trains NCC workers on road safety regulations Vistafront will be gleaning from the wealth of experience that Landwey has in the business of real estate, to launch different projects that will be made available for funding on the platform. There is an ongoing project called Bloom 1, it is a bridge financing for land acquisition for 14,000 square meters nested in the heart of Lekki Epe Expressway, Lagos State, Nigeria. With as low as  N25,000 per unit  one can fund as many units as one likes and make 12 per cent in 6 months. Vistafront’s mission is to provide quality infrastructure for all, so 1 per cent of every unit one fund goes toward Social Infrastructure Impact Project (SIIP) like schools, community homes, hospitals and other social amenities accessible to the under-privileged. However, once 1 per cent of ones total funding reaches N10,000 for any project, Vistafront will automatically place a cap so that the total amount one pays for SIIP does not exceed N10,000  irrespective of the number of units funded. Mr  Segun Ajuwon, Managing Director of Vistafront said: “We have a lot of positive feedbacks since we launched and we have plans to continue to launch new projects. For every project we feature on the site, we also have in place a strict vetting process carried out by our in-house team and our other partners like Nachtwey Advisory Services Limited, a SEC registered Asset Management company, Emerging Africa Capital Group, a licensed Trustee firm and AXA Mansard, a trusted insurance company.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...