The Nigerian Army on Thursday denied reports of the attack on Gubio and Magumeri communities in Borno State by the Boko Haram insurgents. A statement by the Deputy Director Army Public Relations, 7 Division, Colonel Ado Isa, said the reports of the attack were false as the terrorist were unable to launch an attack on the communities. He said the troop of the Operation, Lafiya Dole was able to repel the terrorists who have planned to invade the communities to loot shops for food items. ALSO READ: How Boko Haram insurgents attacked Gubio town ― LG Boss The statement read, “The attention of the Nigerian Army in the Theatre of Operation Lafiya Dole has been drawn to reports on various media platforms indicating an attack on Gubio and Magumeri communities in Borno State at about 1735hrs of Wednesday the 21st of August, 2019. Nigeria, peace is the key Cancellation of pre-shipment inspection fuelling insurgency,… At coronation anniversary, Erinmo celebrates culture,… FG to recover N614 billion outstanding debt from 35 state… “To avoid further misinformation that could create unnecessary tension, the Theatre Command wishes to state that the attack was targeted at Nigerian Army troops deployed in the areas to enable the terrorists to gain access shops in the market in the towns to loot food items and other logistics. The attack was however repelled by the troops. “Consequently, due to the fierce exchange of fire, the terrorists were forced to withdraw in disarray from the town resulting in damages on buildings and property along their route of withdrawal. “There were no casualty on the security force (troops) and no loss or damage to own equipment as wrongly insinuated on social media. However, a vigilante sadly lost his life in a crossfire. Also, some civilians in the area reportedly sustained various degrees of injuries”. Isa said normalcy had been restored in the communities with residents going about their lawful businesses. The Nigerian Army, however, charged the public to collaborate with the military and other security agencies in the area of sharing of information and suspicious movement of criminals in their communities to proactively deal with criminal activities. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...