Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), of the Anambra State Police Command on Monday evening, invaded a compound in Achina community, Anambra State and beat up a 98 years old woman over a marital issue. It was gathered that the team of SARS operatives invaded the family home of the Okpalaku’s (in Achina), whose one of their sons is married to one Esther Chiemerie Nzekwe from Uga, both in Aguata local government of the state. It was also gathered that the couple was living in their family house in Achina, alongside the 98 years old mother of the husband, Mrs. Cecilia Okpalaku. The husband, Mr. Emeka Okpalaku who does his business abroad left his wife, Mrs. Esther and their female child with his aged mother at their home in Achina. He usually comes home regularly to visit the family. A community source who does not want her name in print said the trouble started when the husband visited home from abroad to find out that his wife had terminated her pregnancy that would have produced another child to the family. However, Esther’s husband, Emeka Okpalaku opted to pull out of the marriage, having noticed about the abortion of the unborn baby. Emeka sent his wife packing, leaving their female child in the custody of his age mother. The story changed when his embattled wife stormed the husband’s place in Achina with some SARS operatives. Buhari approves Ipaye’s re-appointment, others in VP’s… Gov race:PDP clears 34 aspirants for Kogi, Bayelsa primaries Sonaiya applauds Sanwo-Olu for 32% female cabinet, urges… Joint military exercise shut down activities at Nigerian… They invaded the house and forcefully took away the girl child. It was alleged that the SARS operatives attacked and assaulted the 98-year-old Mrs. Cecelia, who tried to stop them from taking away her grandchild. The SARS injured the women, together with other grandchildren who wanted to resist. Our source also confirmed that the aged woman is currently hospitalized after she was harassed and injured by SARS operatives. When contacted, the Anambra State Police Public Relations Officer, S.P Haruna Mohammed said it was a false allegation. Mohammed, who gave a different account of the story said the embattled couples never wedded, though the police have commenced investigations. According to him, “the real fact in the issue was that the man confiscated the credentials of his fiancee in order to deny her report to NYSC orientation camp which dateline closes today (Tuesday) and was preparing to travel back to Japan where he base. “The complainant lawyer has written a petition to the Commissioner of Police, Mr. John Bassey Abang, who has ordered for a discreet investigation into the matter. “However, as soon as the suspect sighted the Police he locked the house and hide and the police used the power of ingress to gain access into the house but the suspect allegedly escaped through the window.” he narrated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...