Representatives of Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) were on Tuesday at the office of Ibadan Chamber of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture to sensitise members of the chamber on the newly introduced metering scheme called Meter Access Providers (MAP). Head of Branding and Corporate Communications, IBEDC, Mrs Angela Olanrewaju, told the Tribune Online that the new metering scheme allows customers to get metered ten working days after payment has been made. She further stated that this would make IBEDC customers to say goodbye to estimated billing. Olanrewaju hinted that customers have the options to pay upfront or instalmentally. Speaking on the activities of persons impersonating IBEDC staff, Olanrewaju said: “What we are doing in that regard is that we are doing a lot of sensitisation and one of the areas where these impersonators actually affect our business is the area of payment. Suspected bandits kill three, abduct 18 in Kaduna LASG takes responsibility of medical bills of Ikorodu… Brain-dead woman gives birth to baby girl WHO appoints wife of Niger gov as expert on cervical cancer ALSO READ: Abdulrazaq sends N135bn supplementary budget to Kwara assembly “What we are encouraging customers now to do is that they do not need to pay cash, they should rather use all our other alternative channels of payment. You can use our accredited banks and some online platforms such as Quickteller. And when you have to pay cash to any staff, make sure you get an IBEDC branded receipt.” She concluded. Also speaking with the Nigerian Tribune shortly after the sensitisation programme, President, Ibadan Chamber of Commerce, Mr Ismaila Alapa, said though there have been series of sensitisation programmes on meter distribution to electricity customers on social media platforms. Despite that, some concerned Nigerian citizens have not had the privilege to ask pertinent questions bothering their minds on this matter. “We believe that a forum like this would help greatly to bridge the gap and improve the relationship between the IBEDC and our members who are part of its numerous customers. That is why we organised this forum and we believe the representatives of IBEDC have done justice to that.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...