A perofessor of animal science at the Institute of Agricultural Research and Training (IAR&T), Obafemi Awolowo University, Moor Plantation, Ibadan, Professor Akinyele Oluwatomisin Kingsley Adesehinwa has been elected  as the new secretary of the All Africa Society of Animal Production (AASAP) during the 7th All African Conference of Animal Agriculture (AACAA) which held recently in Accra, Ghana. He beat Dr Samuel Mbuku, President of Animal Production Society of Kenya, who was also a member of the International Organising Committee for the 7th AACAA. Professor Adesehinwa has since assumed duties as the new scribe of AASAP. Missing vehicles: Ajimobi got the facts wrong — Oyo govt Professor Adesehinwa studied at the premier University of Ibadan, where he obtained B.Sc (Animal Science), M.Sc (Agricultural Biochemistry and Nutrition), and PhD (Animal Science). Farmers urged to consider production of local cattle breed The need for government to produce national livestock… NASC to wage war against adulterated seeds Ogun poultry farmers want inclusion of egg in school feeding… He started his academic and research career in 1992 as Livestock Extension Specialist in the National Agricultural Extension and Research Liaison Services (NAERLS), Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, from where he transferred his service to the Institute of Agricultural Research and Training, Ibadan under Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife in 2003. He rose to the rank of Research Professor in Animal Science in the same Institution in 2010. He also had a certificate training in Pig Stocksmanship at JSR Genetics in the United Kingdom in 2012. He has over 27 years of Academic, Research and Technology Transfer Experience in Animal Science and Livestock Production Systems, both nationally and internationally. Professor Adesehinwa has been a Governing Council member of the Nigeria Institute of Animal Science since 2011. He currently chairs the Animal Biotechnology Science discipline of the Institute after serving two terms as the Chairman of the Swine Production Science Discipline. He is also the Chairman of the Institute’s Membership Committee and Secretary to the Board of Fellows’ Membership and Ethics Committee. He has served as Head – Livestock Improvement Programme and on several Committees of the Institute of Agricultural Research & Training and Faculty of Agriculture, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife; Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria and University of Ibadan, Ibadan at various times. He served for several years as the Publicity Secretary and later General Secretary, apart from being one of the Founding Members of the Animal Science Association of Nigeria (ASAN). He currently heads and conducts research in Monogastric Livestock Production Unit at the Institute of Agricultural Research & Training, Ibadan and teaches same at the Department of Animal Sciences, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife. He is the Principal Investigator for Korea-Africa Food & Agriculture Cooperation Initiative (KAFACI) Livestock Research Projects in Nigeria and National President of Pig Farmers Association of Nigeria (PFAN). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...