Former Governor of Enugu State and Senator representing Enugu East Senatorial District, Chimaroke Nnamani has decried the recent spate of killings by suspected Fulani herdsmen in the south-east states. Recall that a Reverend Father, Paul Offu and a pregnant Regina Mba lost their lives in the last few days to suspected Fulani hoodlums. The Chairman, Senate Committee on Cooperation & Integration in Africa/ NEPAD, in a statement he personally signed and made available to newsmen in Abuja, he described the killings as barbarous and horrendous while he commiserated with the families of the victims. Speaking specifically on his home state, Senator Nnamani called for collaborative efforts to ensure the success of the proactive measures taken by Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, as he “urge all those who have ideas to lend their voice towards finding a lasting solution to the menace.” The statement read in part: “The recent spate of the killings in Igboland, the latest being in my own constituency of Enugu East Senatorial District where Rev. Fr. Paul Offu and pregnant Regina Mba were gruesomely murdered by hoodlums alleged to be Fulani herdsmen is barbarous and horrendous. I condemn in totality the odious and dastardly acts and extend my heartfelt commiseration to the families of the victims. PDP, APGA governors back re-appointment of Ngige as Labour… NYSC bans corps members from driving vehicles of religious… Lagos-Ibadan rail: Amaechi seeks more money to build bridges… $9bn judgement debt: Solicitor General absolves staff of… ALSO READ: Wadume: NANS calls for prosecution of politicians involved “I have taken note of the actions of the governor of Enugu State, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi and these actions are highly commendable – actions such as the convening of emergency security meetings. “Consultations with traditional rulers, president generals of autonomous communities and other relevant groups and stakeholders; repeated personal visits to the affected areas including the victims; clearing of forests and bushes that serve as criminal hideouts; reorganization and equipping of neighbourhood watch groups. “Recruitment of 1,700 forest guards in line with the resolution of the South-East Governors Forum; and the directive for council chairmen to mount vigilante security checkpoints; amongst others. If given time, these actions will completely stem these atrocities. “I also have full confidence in the government and people of Enugu State and all relevant groups within the Enugu system that this too shall pass. I urge those who have ideas to lend their voice towards finding a lasting solution to the menace. “We must come together to sustain the existing peace and good governance in our beloved Enugu State.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...