Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has congratulated the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III, who turned 63 years on August 24. The governor felicitations was conveyed in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, on Sunday in Asaba. He commended the Sultan for his untiring efforts at promoting and advancing the cause of peace, unity and positive development in the country. Okowa said that Nigerians at all levels appreciated the Sultan for his immense contributions toward building bridges of unity and peaceful coexistence among the citizenry. “My family, the Government and people of Delta felicitate with you, the Sokoto Emirate Council, the Government and people of Sokoto State on the occasion of your 63rd birthday anniversary. Four children, 20 others escape death in Anambra auto… Hajj: 1,091 Kaduna pilgrims return from Saudi Arabia ―… Kanu, IPOB not helping Igbo nation, says group NiMet predicts thunderstorms, rains for Monday “Your usual timely and wise counselling on national issues keeps us, leaders, in check at all times. ALSO READ: Kanu, IPOB not helping Igbo nation, says group “We acknowledge your exemplary role as head of Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), President-General of the Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) and co-Chairman of Nigeria Inter-Religious Council (NIREC). “We also appreciate your support for education in Nigeria as a key to the promotion and protection of human life and dignity because man has no dignity without education. “As you continue to use your exalted throne to promote peace, unity and positive development in the Caliphate and across our nation, be rest assured of the support, partnership and cooperation of the government and people of Delta.” Okowa prayed that Almighty Allah would grant the Sultan more years of good health to continue in his many services to the nation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...