Gospel ministers in the country are also concerned about the current state of the country, especially insecurity and other issues bedevilling the country. As a result, the leadership and entire members of the Gospel Musician Association of Nigeria (GOMAN) brought dignitaries from all walks of life to their maiden National Altar of Praise and Prayer for the nation at the Molete Baptist Church, Ibadan, Oyo State, to intercede for the nation. Some of the dignitaries at the event included former President Olusegun Obasanjo, who was represented by Dr Doyin Okupe; Reverend (Mrs) Tola Oyediran, represented by her son, Mr Olumide Oyediran; the Eleruwa of Eruwa, Oba Samuel Adegbola; Chief (Mrs) Kemi Jaiyeoba Olorunsogo; president of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC), Pastor Abraham Akinosun; Pastor P. F. Owa; Apostle Sunday Popoola; Reverend Edward Alabi and Reverend Idowu Animasahun,  among others. N-Power beneficiaries appeal to FG for timely payment of stipends Speaking at the event, president of the association and veteran gospel musician, Evangelist Funmi Aragbaye, said the event was imperative as it was part of the efforts of the association to join hands with other Nigerians to seek the face of God for  restoration of peace in the nation. The world has lost conscience of decency, morality, says… CAN in Kano urges Buhari to review security architecture Day CAC Ibadan taught parents, Christians  how to overcome… Excitement as cleric fetes  children, others in Delta “We are all concerned about the current state of the country and we are all worried, especially over the security challenge, which is much in the South-West region. This is becoming very serious. This is why we organised this programme  for God to intervene in our matter. “Nigeria is a great country and we cannot allow the devil and its emissaries to dominate the affairs of the country. So, we believe that God will hear our prayers and supplication for a better country. We pray for leaders to lead us right and for a peaceful coexistence among all Nigerians,” she said. She also noted that the event, with the theme: “As in the days of Jehoshaphat,” was to promote unity among gospel musicians, as well as reaffirm the vision of GOMAN, which was established 35 years ago. One of the high points of the event was the presentation of awards to former President Obasanjo as the patron of the association. It was received on his behalf by Dr Okupe; while Reverend (Mrs) Oyediran was decorated as matron of the association. The event also came alive when gospel artistes, including Evangelists Bola Are, Bukola Akinade, Timi Orokoya; Seun Oluwatunmbi; Bose Adeiwa and Labaster Praise, among others, thrilled the guests. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...