THE Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has  said it recorded 271,112 complaints from January 2015 till July 2019 from which 95 per cent has been successfully resolved. The executive vice chairman (EVC) of the commission, Professor Umar Garba Danbatta, revealed this recently during the second edition of Conference of African Telecommunications Regulators on Consumer Affairs (CATCO) in Abuja. The conference hosted by the NCC had the theme: ‘Empowering the Telecom Consumer in an Era of Technological Evolution.’ #PMBInJapan: Buhari arrives for 7th Tokyo International Conference in… “We are ensuring that telecoms service delivery is improved through continuously monitoring of activities of our licensees in order to treat consumer right and offer them value for their money. NIMC to extend NIN enrolment to Austria, Germany Anambra govt trains 10,000 teachers to fight cyber crime Landwey acquires stake in Vistafront African telecoms regulators converge on Abuja for 2019… “We believe that service delivery on the parts of our licensees in this era of technological evolution should be the totality of how telecoms operating companies package, provide and deliver those services to their consumers,” Danbatta said. He said the commission introduced two major initiatives as part of measures to empower the consumers, which were the Do-Not-Disturb (DND) 2442 Short Code, and the 622 Toll-Free Line. He said the DND 2442 Short Code is used by consumers to control what they receive on their phones as unsolicited text messages or calls while the 622 Toll-Free line is to ensure improvement in service delivery. Danbatta explained that 21 million subscribers had signed up for the Do Not Disturb (DND) initiative and NCC had continued to create more awareness on it through various outreach programmes and other stakeholder engagement fora. The EVC said that consumers could call the 622 number to escalate their unresolved complaints to their service providers for effective resolution through the commission’s intervention. Danbatta said that the commission had commenced aggressive enforcement of compulsory compliance with the NCC’s Code of Corporate Governance for telecommunications industry. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...