Men of the Ondo State Police Command have arrested the mother of a four-year-old girl who was allegedly beaten to death in Akure, Ondo state capital. The suspect, simply identified as Mrs Babalola was said to have rushed her unconscious baby, Testimony, to the Ondo State University Teaching Hospital in Akure, after beating her for allegedly possessing evil spirits. Testimony was, however, confirmed dead by the doctors at the hospital after examining her while her mother fled with the corpse immediately she was confirmed dead. ALSO READ: Mother beats four-year-old daughter to death in Ondo The Police had been searching for the mother of the baby and her husband who was said to have fled to an unknown destination. LSEB, NCDMB train 50 participants on practical technical… DSS, INEC seek legislation against fake news Osun election tribunal set to deliver judgment in three… Jumia to host NBA star, Andre Iguodala’s interactive… A source also confirmed that the little girl used to be tortured severally by her father,  Felix Babalola, after being told that she was possessing evil spirits by a white garment church. Since the incident happened, the police had been making unsuccessful efforts to arrest the couple who fled to Ikare Akoko The couple was arrested last Saturday by some policemen from Ikare Akoko but it was learnt that the residents of the community allegedly prevented the men of the command to arrest the couple. However, the state Police Public Relations Officer, (PPRO) Femi Joseph confirmed the arrest of Mrs Babalola but said the father of the deceased was still evading arrest. He said, ” We have arrested the wife on Monday, but we are yet to arrest the father but I can assure you that he would soon be arrested while our investigation was still ongoing on the matter. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...