Primate of the Church of the Lord Prayer Fellowship Worldwide (TCLPFW), Most Reverend (Dr) Rufus Ositelu, has asked the Federal Government to stop the planned implementation of the Rural Grazing Area (RUGA). Speaking at the 2019 Tabieorar festival at Ogere-Remo, Ogun State, Ositelu noted that animal farming is a private business, just as he noted that owners of the animal farming should be responsible for it. He, however, commended the government for suspending the project, adding that the suspension was not enough, but outright cancellation of the project is the answer. The cleric also frowned on violence against women and child abuse in the country, saying “all forms  of wife battering, rape, discrimination, gender inequality and child abuse, which are on the increase are uncalled for.” He added that these forms of violence should be tackled headlong through appropriate legislations. Ositelu, who preached on the theme: “God of Possibilities,” noted that the major problem Christians are facing is that they struggle to trust God absolutely in all situations, even as he advised them to learn how to trust God absolutely and give their lives to God completely. Address security problem, Akinfenwa tells FG The world has lost conscience of decency, morality, says… When GOMAN led top Nigerians, clerics to National Altar  of… CAN in Kano urges Buhari to review security architecture The founder of New Generation Church of Christ and a philanthropist, Reverend Mother Esther Ajayi, who was one of the guest ministers of the programme, promised to support the church with N3.55 billion on its current project. According to her,  “the love I have for the Christendom, especially the white garment churches, is second to none and that she would not always hesitate to give necessary support to the development and growth of Christianity. “This is my first time at Tabieorar. God’s hand is upon this ministry and this is why it will continue to wax stronger. I am delighted to be here with 420 delegations from my church,” she added. The Comforter. It is always a delight to be in the midst of the children of God. I am happy to support the church,” she added. The Superior Evangelist of the Celestial Church of Christ (CCC), Olatosho Oshoffa, also promised that CCC would contribute to the success of the project. Caption: Founder, New Generation Church of Christ, London Reverend Mother Esther Ajayi;  Primate, Church of the Lord Prayer Fellowship, Most Reverend (Dr) Rufus Ositelu; former General Secretary, Reformed Church of America, Reverend (Dr) Wes Granberg Michaelson and Superior Evanglist, Celestial Church of Christ (CCC), Olatosho Oshoffa, at the 2019 Tabieorar festival at Ogere Remo, Ogun State on Thursday. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...