The entire staff and students of the Federal College of Education, Special, Oyo, have expressed their satisfaction over the administrative prowess and commitment of the Provost of the college, Professor Kamoru Usman, towards the development and sustenance of the institution in the last four years of his administration. This declaration was made on Wednesday, during his inauguration and administration of the oath of office he took for the second term as Provost of the college, as approved by the Federal Government, having performed excellently well during his tenure. According to them, Professor Usman is a round peg in a round hole for the institution. They also described him as an epitome of integrity and an exemplary leader in the education sector in the country. Speaking on the occasion, Dr (Mrs) Olubunmi Owoeye, one of the chief lecturers in the college, confirmed the ingenuity of Professor Usman in his relationship with the staff of the college, describing him as a gem and highly democratic in the administration process who always ensured conducive working environment for every staff in the institution to operate. Speaking in the same vein on the occasion, Mrs Mariam Abimbola, member of the college council, Vice Chairman, academic staff union in the college, Mr Adeola Popoola, the Vice-Chairman, Senior staff union of the college, comrade Iyabo Aleem, and Students’ leader, comrade Abiodun Olatundun, Unanimously, described Professor Usman as visionary leader to work with, and to entrust the staff and students’ welfarism . According to them, his impact on the ongoing transformation process in college is enormous. “He is a problem solver,” they said. ALSO READ: Thrills, frills as Dapo Abiodun inaugurates ICU centre at RCCG Plateau varsity to commence faculties of health sciences,… Yabatech gets $100,000 grant from Ford Foundation BUK expels 24 students over fake entry qualification UNICEF partners Bauchi govt to tackle challenges of… In his response, Professor Usman attributed his success story in the college to the cordial cooperation he received from the college community ever since he assumed office as the provost about four years ago. According to him, no tree can make a forest, God and the entire college community, including the students made everything possible including his second reappointment. ‘’My first four years in office has been very keen with a lot of experiences. But I thank God for the quality of staff and responsive students that I met on the ground made many things to work very well in the progressive direction. Initially, I met some challenges on campus, which, with the help of God and the dedicated and understanding staff, we were able to address each one of them peacefully. “By the grace of God, our next four years will be to pursue to fruition the dream of the college, which is to become a full-fledged University of Special Education. If this vision is achieved, it would be first of its kind in the sub-Sahara region, which will attract international students. “This college has everything in terms of teaching and research facilities and human capital it requires to run degree programmes. No university in the country runs some of our programmes at the degree level. So, when our students graduated from college they could not proceed for their degree programmes, they eventually have to change their course of studies. This is why it has become inevitable for this college to be upgraded to an autonomous degree-awarding institution in the country. The college will need more fund to run its programme,’’ he said. Professor Usman was appointed as the Provost of the Federal College of Education, Special Oyo, in 2015, as the first Oyo town indigene to have ever assumed the office of a provost in the college since its inception in 1977. He is expected to manage the helm of the affairs of the college for another four years. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...