PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has directed the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to stop providing foreign exchange for importation of food into the country, with the steady improvement in agricultural production, and attainment of full food security. He gave the directive while hosting All Progressives Congress (APC) governors to Eid-el-Kabir lunch on Tuesday in Daura, Katsina State. He said the foreign reserve will be conserved and utilised strictly for diversification of the economy, and not for encouraging more dependence on foreign food import bills. “Don’t give a cent to anybody to import food into the country,’’ a statement signed by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) quoted him as saying. President noted that some states like Kebbi, Ogun, Lagos, Jigawa, Ebonyi and Kano had already taken advantage of the Federal Government’s policy on agriculture with huge returns in rice farming, urging more states to plug into the ongoing revolution to feed the nation. ALSO READ:  Missing vehicles: Ajimobi got the facts wrong — Oyo govt “We have achieved food security, and for physical security, we are not doing badly,’’ he said. President Buhari said he was particularly delighted that young Nigerians, including graduates, had started exploring Agric-business and entrepreneurship, with many posting testimonies of good returns on their investments. Tribune NUJ commends Seyi Makinde over Moses Alao’s… Do not select moneybags as my successor, Awujale tells… One killed, seven injured as police attempt to arrest… I’ll appoint an expert as agriculture minister ― Buhari Buhari said the incoming ministers will be “taught’’ and thoroughly guided to ensure they meet the targets of the APC-led government for the people, with regular monitoring of their performances and scaling up of targets by the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (OSGF). The President assured that he will attend the Presidential Policy Retreat organised for the ministers by the OSFG, and insisted on compliance with laid down targets on key sectors of the economy that will directly impact on the livelihood of Nigerians. In his remarks, the Chairman of the Nigerian Governors’ Forum and Governor of Ekiti State, Dr John Kayode Fayemi, said the President’s sense of justice, fairness and forthrightness had turned a major inspiration to governors on the way forward for the country. He said the challenges faced by states “were enormous,’’ but the governors had remained undaunted, assuring the President of strong support and “the very best effort’’ to overcome all the obstacles. The Chairman of the Progressive Governors Forum and Governor of Kebbi State, Alhaji Atiku Bagudu, appreciated the President for the unique leadership style of maintaining a healthy relationship with governors on an individual and collective basis, pointing out that they had been “energised’’ to do more in their states. The governor commended the President for making bold and courageous efforts to reposition the economy for majority Nigerians through inclusive policies. “The country is more secure than in 2015, and the country is more prosperous than in 2015 because you are working for the majority of the people,’’ he added. The governor said the party had been repositioned, after the 2019 elections, to work for the benefit of the majority of Nigerians, noting that “there will two elections this year and we need to work towards winning the two states.’’ SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...