Less than three months after sworn in, Deputy President of the Senate, Ovie Omo-Agege,  on Friday, doled out eight Toyota Corolla cars and other items to members of his Delta Central Constituency. Other items given out by the senator included 45 tricycles, 175 motorcycles and 186 grinding machines. The items were presented to the beneficiaries at his country home, Orogun in Ughelli North Local Government Area of Delta State. The beneficiaries were drawn from the eight local government areas of the district. Omo-Agege was represented by the Director-General of his Campaign Organisation, Mr Francis Onomeyo at the event. He said the gesture was to appreciate the people for their massive support for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). He said the empowerment would have been done before the 2019 general elections but had to be postponed due to the pressure of the elections. APC-led govt demonstrates purposeful leadership ― Oshiomhole Boko Haram attacks: Gov Zulum briefs President Buhari Ogunoye installed as new Olowo of Owo Help us conduct conduct credible elections, Chad begs INEC “Labourers deserve wages. This is just to appreciate the people for their support to me, President Muhammadu Buhari and the APC, ” he said. Omo-Agege urged the beneficiaries to use the items judiciously to attract more benefits. ALSO READ: Oyo PDP chieftain berates protesters of Fakorede’s nomination as commissioner “The beneficiaries should put the items into proper use and not to disposed them,” he said. The beneficiaries included Ward Chairmen, Secretaries, women and youth from the senatorial district. One of the beneficiaries, Mrs Oghenetejiri Okoro, who’s wife to late Felix Okoro, an APC member, thanked Omo-Agege for the gesture. She said that proceeds from the tricycle she received would be judiciously channelled toward feeding the children and their tuition fee. Another beneficiary, Mrs Confidence Ajaghor, who’s APC Women leader in Uvwie Local Government Area commended the senator for putting smiles on their faces, but solicited more empowerments from the senator. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!