Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu, has said that he would on Tuesday fully inaugurate the State Executive Council by swearing in his commissioners and Special Advisers (SAs). Sanwo-Olu expects confirmation on his new commissioners and Special advisers (SAs), to be given on Monday by the House plenary to be presided over by the speaker, Hon. Mudashiru Obasa. Recall that the screening were formally completed last Friday by the committee of the state House of Assembly. The governor, according to a statement by his Deputy Chief Press Secretary (DCPS), said this at the weekend while speaking during the courtesy visit paid to him by a body of retired top civil servants under the aegis of the Association of Lagos State Retired Heads of Service and Permanent Secretaries (ALARHOSPS). Governor Sanwo-Olu said he would not delay the swearing-in of commissioner-and special adviser-designates already cleared by the State House of Assembly, assuring that the wheel of governance would be in full gear before the end of the coming week, in fulfilment of his campaign promise to inaugurate his cabinet within 90 days. The governor had described the body of retired civil servants as “valuable assets” to the state, noting that their actions while in service contributed to the “enviable height” Lagos attained among states in the country. Speaking further, Governor Sanwo-Olu disclosed that new permanent secretaries would also be sworn in on Monday to complement the activities of commissioners and SAs. “Next week, by God’s grace, we are swearing in all other complements of cabinet and also permanent secretaries to have the engine of governance on full swing. At that point, we believe that all the campaign promises we made can come to reality and Lagosians can benefit more from the choice they made at the last election,” he said. The statement hinted that cabinet members were expected to be allocated their individual ministries during the inauguration ceremony. ALSO READ: IPOB attack on Ekweremadu affront on Igbo race ― Omo-Agege Oyinlola, Adesina, others urge Nigerians to emulate Beier,… [ICYMI] El-Zakzaky to Indian official: Your hospital, a… Flood kills one, destroys property in Gombe, Gov Inuwa… Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation audit team commends… The ceremony, which is slated to hold at Adeyemi Bero Hall, Alausa, Ikeja by 10.00 am, will witness a total of 38 people, including Mr. Tunji Bello, former SSG to immediate past Governor Akinwunmi Ambode; and some former commissioners who also served under him as well taking their oath of office. The former commissioners, who would be part of the new exco are: Hon. Lola Akande, Prince Anofi Olanrewaju Elegushi, Mr. Gbolahan Lawal, Dr. Wale Ahmed, among others. Also, the list includes former Editor of the Nation newspaper, Mr. Gbenga Omotosho; spokesperson of ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, Mr. Joe Igbokwe; Mrs. Solape Hammond, daughter of former governor of Ondo State, late Dr. Olusegun Agagu, among others. It would be recalled that Governor Sanwo-Olu had earlier on July 14th, 2019 sent names of 25 nominees as commissioners and SAs to the State House of Assembly, with the breakdown of the list indicating 17 men and eight women. ALSO READ: 78th birthday celebration: IBB sues for peaceful co-existence among Nigerians The governor later on August 13th, 2019 forwarded the final list of 13 names as nominees for same positions of commissioners and SAs. A committee of the House headed by the chief whip, Hon. Rotimi Abiru, just last Friday concluded with the screening of the nominees and the lawmaker representing Shomolu Constituency 2 is expected to submit the committee’s report to the plenary Monday for confirmation. Meanwhile, Governor Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu, will on Monday swear in nine newly appointed permanent secretaries. The ceremony will take place at the Lagos State House, Alausa, Ikeja as confirmed by the statement that conveyed the appointment. Those to be sworn in are Mrs. Sanyaolu Kikelomo Morenike, Engr. Sodeinde Olalekan Nurudeen, Mrs. Shitta- Bey Titilayo Khadijat, Mr. Musa Mooruf Olawale, Mrs. Durosimi-Etti Olorunkemi and Mrs. Kalesanwo Olayemi Yewande. Others are: Engr. Agoro Moruf Olawale, Mrs. Odeneye Belinda and Mr. Olawale Mesewaku Babatunde. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...