The video skits comedian known as Brother Solomon and born Onoruvie Godswill Enweroghene is enjoying a big chunk of popularity and easily could be singled out in a crowd for the good works he has produced. With close to 500 thousand followers on Instagram, he has a community of fans spread across different classes of people and fame could be said to be smiling his way. But what would his life have been like without the social media platform of Instagram, to the Delta State man, that is a thought unimaginable? “Seriously, I don’t know what would have become of me without Instagram. I wouldn’t have achieved my dream of becoming a comedian without Instagram or social media. I post my video skits on Instagram, YouTube and Facebook. I send them too via the broadcast list on WhatsApp. Sometimes, the environment, where I find myself, inspires me. “Sometimes, something could happen where I am, then I will imagine more on it and come up with some crazy and educative concepts,” he said in a chat with our reporter. Speaking further he said he never knew he was popular until he had an encounter with the police and the experience thought him something he would never forget. ALSO READ: We will strength police to be effective, meet global standards’ Minister Up-and-coming artistes urge LASG for studio to support… Alyson Stoner didn’t even rehearse her epic VMAs performance… Kim Kardashian calls Psalm West  the “Best Baby” Theatre, films, will foster national integration —UNICAL VC “I never knew the Police also enjoys my comedy not until a team of F-SARS stopped me while I was driving and asked for my papers which I presented. My papers were faultless and they still asked me to follow them to their office. When their boss saw me and he was like “are you, not Bro Solomon the comedian, the one that runs with one shoulder bent? And I said yes.” So he asked them why they arrested me and the squad leader couldn’t say anything. He ordered for my immediate release. You can imagine if I weren’t a comedian, they would have laid a false allegation on me just to extort money from me, he said. “Since then, I have resolved this is a line for me to toe in life. The joy when people park their cars just to say ‘hello’ makes me marvel. I will be like, my fans love my videos,” he beamed. But life has not always been so kind to Brother Solomon as he had to struggle hard to achieve the fame he enjoys today. “I have always dreamt of being an actor but there wasn’t a direct link to becoming an actor, so I started doing funny videos for fun and it went viral. I discovered people loved them and I continued with it. Before I knew it, I got so deep in it that my passion for it grew so strong that I couldn’t even do without it. “Although it’s paying off gradually. When I say gradually, I mean when I started, I was spending my own money just to make sure I make videos available. I remember back then I used my school fees to buy a camera, used my savings to buy a phone for editing and upload and many more like that. I can remember how much I spent on data. “I even went hungry just to buy data for upload and monitor my video views/comments. I might not have been getting much from my current business but I earn little from adverts, emceeing at weddings. The little I get gives me hope that the future will be better,” he added. Brother Solomon is the CEO of Laughpills Comedy. He was born on October 30, 1992. He’s from Isoko North local government area of Delta State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...