Bishop of Ibadan Diocese, Anglican Communion, Most Reverend (Dr) Joseph Akinfenwa, has tasked the Federal Government and security stakeholders across the country  to, as a matter of urgency,  address the security situation  in  the country. Akinfenwa made the call during the 61st annual corporate thanksgiving service of the Association of Church Musicians of Ibadan Diocese, held at St. Mary’s Anglican Church, Oluyole Estate, Ibadan. The bishop, who is  also the grand patron of the association, said kidnapping, banditry and other crimes had become a lucrative business in the country, urging the Federal Government to reposition its security apparatus for effective service delivery so that the nation will be habitable for all and sundry. “Our security officers are always on top of the situation. If you have a good car, you must not drive to certain areas at a specific period in the country. Kidnapping has taken the central stage in the affairs of the nation,” he said. Ositelu calls for stoppage  of RUGA implementation The world has lost conscience of decency, morality, says… When GOMAN led top Nigerians, clerics to National Altar  of… CAN in Kano urges Buhari to review security architecture He said that to wage war against corruption in the country, people  in leadership  positions needed  to  declare their assets  in a transparent and honest manner, lamenting that only a few complied with the directive of the Federal Government. “God manifests Himself in the atmosphere of good music. When we are happy, mourning, praying or carrying out other activities, we sing. Music is power of worship,” he said. The bishop, however, commended the leadership of the association and the awardees for  contributing  positively   to  the development  of the  diocese and the society  over  the years. The  event also featured posthumous awards presentation to the late E. O. Ogunseye; Ebenezer Amaechi; Chief E.O. Agboola; Mr Tunji Adesipe and Betram Okoro, towards  their contributions to the growth and development of the diocese. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...