Senator Babajide Omoworare has thanked President Muhammadu Buhari on his appointment as Presidential Adviser on National Assembly (Senate). He replaced Senator Ita Enang. Senator Omoworare in a statement he personally signed thanked his principal for the confidence reposed in him while promising to ensure “mutually satisfying relationship between the National Assembly on one part and Ministries, Departments and Agencies on the other part, as we toil towards accomplishing unparalleled achievements for the Federal Government, as well as guaranteeing good governance for the People of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.” ALSO READ: Buhari to Ministers―designate: We have responsibility to improve welfare of Nigerians The statement issued last night read in part:” Mr. Femi Adesina, the Special Adviser to the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria has just announced my appointment as a Presidential Aide to Mr. President for the National Assembly (Senate). BREAKING: Deputy governor escapes death as robbers kill 3… Nigerians rank fifth among African students in Germany #EndSARS: [VIRAL VIDEO] SARS operatives shoot dead suspected… 12th African Games: Nigerian beach volleyballers lose to… “I am grateful to God Almighty and to His Excellency, President Mohammadu Buhari for the opportunity to serve his government as his primary liaison with the Senate. I gladly accept this rare and coveted privilege to advance the administration’s legislative agenda, promote its policy priorities in the Senate and foster Mr. President’s constitutional responsibilities in the National Assembly. “As I resume the helms of President Buhari’s Legislative Office team, I am aware of the importance of ensuring a more productive working relationship between the Executive and the Legislature. I have spent the past two decades working passionately as a parliamentarian, policy strategist, legislative strengthening advocate, and lobbyist. Therefore, it is my sincere but humble hope that my knowledge, expertise, and network of contacts in the National Assembly will be positive and outstanding resources to my new office, this administration, and the Nigerian nation. “In pursuit of building further blocks in the Executive/Legislature relationship, I shall lead a team that will rely on the robust experience of the National Assembly leadership as well as the cooperation and cohesion of all the Distinguished Senators and our Honourable Representatives. I also look forward to a mutually satisfying relationship between the National Assembly on one part and Ministries, Departments and Agencies on the other part, as we toil towards accomplishing unparalleled achievements for the Federal Government, as well as guaranteeing good governance for the People of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...