Police in Lagos State said on Sunday that five children of the same family were burnt to death at Abagbo Village, Takwa-Bay area of the state. The spokesman for the command, DSP Bala Elkana, confirmed the incident in a statement, saying that police had begun to investigate the cause of the fire incident. Tarkwa Bay is one of the small islands located on the Atlantic coast. It is an artificial island created during the construction of the Lagos Harbour. Elkana said that on August 7, around 10:30 a.m., the Takwa Bay police station received information about a fire incident at Abagbo Village, Takwa Bay on August 6, which claimed the lives of five children from the same family. According to him, a team of detectives led by the divisional police officer visited the scene. “The mother of the victims, Mrs Florence Asoye, stated that she left home about 6:30 p.m to Takwa-Bay Jetty, only to come back to see her room completely razed by fire. “She said that she had left her children under the care of one Suliat, who locked the children in the room and left for an unknown destination. Police foil bank robbery, arrest kingpin in Lagos Pandemonium in Lagos as stray bullet kills pregnant woman Man found hanging in front of shop in Delta Court sentences 2 men to death by hanging for armed robbery… “The children, who were burnt beyond recognition, were: Folake Ogundiya, 13; Abigail Ogundiya, eight; Daniel Bakare, six; Chidinma Achomye, two and Nnamdi Achomye, one” he said. ALSO READ: ICYMI: Pension fund swells to N9.12 trillion Similarly, the police also commenced investigations into the death of a woman who died in a hotel room at Morogbo in the Badagry area of the state, where she lodged. The spokesman of the command said that on August 9, about 2:00 p.m., the Morogbo police station received information that one Jessica, a lodger in South Bound Hotel, Morogbo, was found dead in her hotel room. Elkana said homicide detectives visited the scene and found the corpse of the deceased on the bed face up, with swollen face and foam- like fluid coming out of her mouth. “Her throat was knotted with clothes suggesting that she might have been strangled. “There were bloodstains all over the place. The corpse was evacuated to a mortuary for autopsy while the scene was preserved for forensic analysis. “The Commissioner of Police for Lagos State, CP Zubairu Muazu, has ordered the State Criminal Investigation Department based in Yaba to take over the investigation,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...