Last time we began looking at the power of vision. Vision is the the picture which shows the potential of purpose. It is the mental picture of the preferred future state based on purpose. “Vision is a mental picture of the future. It is an idea of what the future can hold, but has not yet happened. Vision is the thing inside of us that guides us. It creates a desire to grow and improve. Vision embodies our hopes and ideals. It gives us a sense of purpose. Visions brings us flashes or glimpses of what is possible.”  Chantal Bechervaise Lack of vision leads to abandoned projects because not having a vision means one cannot see the preferred future so the likelihood of giving up when the going get tough is very high. A man with a vision sees the light at the end of the tunnel so he keeps plodding on till he arrives at the destination his vision has shown him. A man with vision is propelled by his vision. All he sees is the possibility of what is ahead- abandoning ship midstream is no option. A man with a vision is more likely to be relentless in his pursuits than a moan without a vision. “Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.” – Jack Welsh Vision propels action. You cannot see a glorious future and not want to do whatever is necessary to see it come to pass. The power of purpose Leadership is who we are plus what we do Beginnings and endings (1) Beware of burnout “A vision is a mental picture of the result you want to achieve—a picture so clear and strong it will help make that result real. A vision is not a vague wish or dream or hope. It’s a picture of the real results of real efforts. It comes from the future and informs and energizes the present. A vision inspires action. A powerful vision pulls in ideas, people and other resources. It creates the energy and will to make change happen. It inspires individuals and organizations to commit, to persist and to give their best. A vision is a practical guide for creating plans, setting goals and objectives, making decisions, and coordinating and evaluating the work on any project, large or small. A vision helps keep organizations and groups focused and together, especially with complex projects and in stressful times.” John Graham Vision generates focus and eliminates distractions. When a man or an organization has vision they harness all their resources towards executing the vision. Whatever does not further the execution of the vision directly or indirectly is discarded. Vision create boundaries. A man of vision is not likely to just “ scatter” his life in many things but disciplines himself to do only things that relate to his vision. The vision determines his priorities. Everything we do must revolve round our vision. Our vision must be central to our lives. We must work the vision through meaningful pursuits so our impact in life will be great.  Our vision must not be limited. Vision expresses the potential of our purpose and potential, many times, is unlimited – we can go as far as we see. For our lives to count we must have a global vision – we start small but we see and think big. This will demand hard work. “What is your vision worth to you? If it’s not worth very much, you will abandon it. Your vision aims and defines your impact. Like light, your vision will be the mark you make. Focus all of your energy and direction and your life will cut steel like a laser. Little focus makes little impact. Maximum focus, maximized impact.” Mike Henry Snr CONCLUDED. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...