About seven hundred and fifty less-privileged persons in Ihiala and Ekwusigo local government have benefitted from the empowerment largesse of wife of the Governor of Anambra State, Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano. Mrs Obiano, who is also the founder of the NGO; Caring Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFE, was in the two Local Government Areas in continuation of her August meeting tour to the twenty-one Council Areas of State. Nigerian Tribune report that at the two Local Government Areas, Obiano’s wife, gave out bags of rice, cash and school supplies to seven hundred and seventy-seven indigent widows, the aged, disabled and school children. Mrs Obiano, who was represented by the Commissioner for Children and Women Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue, resounded her unwavering faith in helping the downtrodden, irrespective of social, ethnic and religious classifications. Kogi guber: Ata Igala confers chieftaincy title on former… Ekweremadu escapes IPOB members attack in Germany Adhere to professional ethics, medical practitioners advised Anambra 2021: PPA collapses structure to PDP She said her NGO, CAFE was an open home that welcomes, trains and empowers people with varying skills especially the less privileged persons. ALSO READ: Flood disaster: Bauchi govt orders opening of blocked drainages The Deputy Speaker of the Anambra State House of Assembly, Dr Paschal Agbodike, and his counterpart representing Ihiala One, Honourable Chidi Udemadu, who hails from Amorka, where the Governor’s wife recently built a new bungalow and pipe-borne water for an indigent widow, noted that Mrs Obiano’s penchant for charity is driven by the urge to give, having been a believer in the adage that a life worth living is worth living well. On his part, the State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr C-Don Adinuba, was of the view that the wife of governor swift intervention in the Ozubulu child marriage saga, of which the girl child involved had since been adopted by the Ministry of Children and Women Affairs, gives credence to the fact that she is humanity’s beacon of hope. In their separate welcome addresses, the wife of Transition Committee Chairman of Ihiala Local Government Area, Mrs Stella Okafor, and her Ekwusigo counterpart, Mrs Chika Enendu, described the seventeen convenience and water facilities built by CAFE in different markets in Anambra State as an unprecedented show of compassion to Anambra women.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...