The Minister of Police Affairs,  Alhaji Muhammadu Maigari Dingyadi,   has revealed that the  Ministry was reintroduced by President Muhammadu Buhari, as a way to strengthen the Nigeria Police in other to enable the force not only to meet global standards but also to be more efficient. The Minister spoke in Sokoto, on Saturday, when the members of the Correspondents’ Chapel, Nigeria Union of Journalists ( NUJ), Sokoto State Council, paid him a Congratulatory visit. According to Dingyadi, ” the President saw the need to reintroduce the Ministry, so as to assist the Officers and Men of the Nigeria Police, to synergize with the other security agencies, to effectively combat all forms of crimes in the country. “This is our assignment and we will pursue it with all the required vigour. We will assist them to fight all crimes. ” We will also soon map out our blueprint to assist the President to stem the tide of crimes. The Nigeria Police will be adequately reequipped. ALSO READ: NGO empowers petty traders in Lagos Sarz: Prolific producer who never stops winning EFCC arrests two suspected internet fraudsters wanted by FBI BREAKING: IG orders immediate arrest of Shi’ite leaders… JUST IN: Action Alliance National Chairman not kidnapped, he… ” While according top priority to training and retraining,  we will also ensure the proper motivation and welfare  of the Officers and Men of the Nigeria Police, to make them more productive.” The minister further disclosed that, the payment of pensions and gratuities would be given due attention, while the ongoing recruitment of ten thousand policemen was on course and that, the gesture would be routinely sustained. He, however, assures that,  the Ministry will also prioritize community policing, adding,” it is important to have peace and security in all communities across the nation. He further appealed to Nigerians to always consider the Police as their friends and give them the necessary support and credible intelligence reports. The Minister commended the members of the Chapel for the invaluable gesture and assured that the existing cordial relationship between them would be sustained. The Chairman of the Chapel, Abba Lawan Kurmawa said the visit was to felicitate with the Minister on his well deserved appointment. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...