There is a gap in the voices of women demanding  for inclusion and accountability on issues affecting them in Nigeria as most women are not aware that their voice can be heard using the social media platforms. In Nigeria, in most rural communities, women are ignorant of the fact that they can demand accountability using their voices. The omission in the system of grass-roots and gender accountability in the Nigeria public sector has made corruption a monster. Corruption, they say, is a cankerworm that has eaten deep into the fabric of Nigeria. The consequences are grave due to the systemic erosion of public resources that could be channelled to the general good of the public. Corruption has held the growth and development of public access to basic amenities. So many people have been victims of the said corruption. The demand for accountability and anti-corruption does not address women’s issues as a strategic concern as this has limited their voice being heard. National security or tyranny? Curbing rape, defilement IGP, take note Building Nigeria’s agriculture sector Rural dwellers rely mostly on basic amenities such as health care, education/schools, housing, food and agriculture subsidies, social services, transportation, electricity and water. There should be collective rural women movements that will drive demands for accountability from governments. They should not only vote but influence policy makers and legislators. Women’s community base groups should be strengthened for increased participation. They should be enlightened not to rely on peanuts given to them by politicians but to demand accountability during and after electioneering periods as this can help bridge the gap. Salmat Abdulwaheed, Abuja. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...