AS the world marks World Humanitarian Day, the Red Cross Society has called on Nigerians and the government to support its activities, especially its efforts to meet the needs of people in a humanitarian crisis. Mr Nwakpa Nwakpa, Head, Communication and Advocacy unit of the organisation, made the call in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Monday in Abuja. NAN reports that World Humanitarian Day is marked globally in recognition of humanitarian personnel and those who lost their lives while working for humanitarian causes. ALSO READ: Company screens more than 1,000 women for breast cancer(Opens in a new browser tab) “It is also a day set aside to highlight humanitarian needs, the causes and how best such needs can be addressed,” Nwakpa told NAN. He said that humanitarian needs vary from emergency responses, search and rescue, evacuations, disaster risk reduction and cash transfer programmes. Kwara Assembly approves dissolution of three commissions Court orders wife to return carpet, mattress to husband Nestlé, IITA engage youth agripreneurs on access to… EFCC search: No cause for alarm — Ambode “Humanitarian needs range from life-saving messages, First Aid and prison visits, promotion of detainee welfare, protecting civilians, supporting health services, helping those affected by armed conflict, reuniting family members who were missing, among others. “This day, we are remembering the heroes who have paid the supreme price; those who died in the cause of saving other lives. They cannot be forgotten. “We also recognise volunteers around the world, who are the first to respond to cases of emergencies, disasters, conflicts, flood, epidemics, among others. “It is therefore important that Nigerians recognised the significance of the day while honouring those who have contributed and offered support toward humanitarian causes,” he said. He said that humanitarian needs in Nigeria and around the world were enormous, and called on government, well-meaning Nigerians, NGOs, and development partners to offer support. Nwakpa, however, appealed to those affected or attacked in the cause of responses not to give up, urging those offering support to also not get weary in doing good. He further called on the government to ensure that humanitarian aid workers were protected from harm as required by the International Humanitarian Law. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...