THE Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has announced plans to close the runway at the Akanu Abiam International Airport in Enugu effective August 24, 2019. This move, according to FAAN, is aimed at resolving the existing safety/security concerns the airport runway has been creating for flight operations. While declaring that a date to reopen the runway will be communicated in due course, the management of Nigeria’s Air Peace Airline has thrown its weight behind the decision to shut down the runway, saying it will allow a proper repair and maintenance of the airports runway which the management says has been giving it serious safety concerns. Criticisms continue to trail alleged extra frequencies to… NAMA emphasises importance of licensing to safety Turkish Airlines introduces new cabin uniforms ‘Nigeria needs to play pivotal role in ACFTA’ “For the avoidance of doubt, Air Peace is fully and totally in support of this decision. Though the decision will affect the traveling public and, of course, the airline, we place the safety of the flying public, our crew and equipment above any commercial benefits. “The government should go all out to put everything in place, within the period of the closure, that would make the airport rank among the best international airports in the country. We plead with the Federal Government to make the airport a 24 hour flight operations airport by improving the night landing infrastructure.” The airline also used the opportunity to thank the Federal Government for the appointment of Captain Hamisu Yadudu as the Managing Director of FAAN, saying the appointment was a testimony to the Federal Government’s resolve to put result driven persons at the helm of its agencies. Air Peace is not alone in this thought. Since his coming, airlines have started enjoying the services that would definitely improve the standards in the industry.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...