It is happy time for popular Fuji musician, Ramon Akanni (a.k.a) RK1, as family, close associates and fans will today storm his country-home, Ogbomoso, to join him in the celebration of his 51st birthday. Though instead of throwing a bash, the Fuji exponent had decided to have special time with his creator, as he would lead others to the popular Lalonpe Mosque for a prayer and thanksgiving programme to mark his special day. According to him, it is imperative to have a reflection of what and how far God has brought him in life and for a successful career, especially in His presence with such occasion. Oyinlola, Adesina, others urge Nigerians to emulate Beier,… [ICYMI] El-Zakzaky to Indian official: Your hospital, a… Flood kills one, destroys property in Gombe, Gov Inuwa… Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation audit team commends… “I don’t want to be an ingrate, this is why I am committed to spending time in God’s presence for the gift of life, as well as to make more supplications. God has really been faithful to me in all ramifications. So, I feel this is the best way to mark my birthday. We will always have more aspirations in life, but I thank Allah for what He has blessed me with in life through music. I am delighted to lead my family and well-wishers to God’s presence today in celebration of my birthday,” he said. ALSO READ: Stay away from duty posts, NASU, SSANU direct varsity workers RK1, who has been in the industry for over 35 years, also expressed his gratitude to God for his fruitful career as one of the successful Fuji musicians in the country. It was, however, gathered that close associates and fans would eventually host RK1, at Imperial hotel, after the prayer session, as part of efforts to celebrate the Fuji act, as well as make the event memorable. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...