THE Ondo State Police Command on Monday said the soldier allegedly involved in the rape of a female student of Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba Akoko, Ondo State, would be arraigned on Thursday. The State Police Public Relations Officer, Mr Femi Joseph, who disclosed this said the suspect would be charged to court this week. He said: “We are taking the suspect to court on Wednesday and if we don’t take him to court on Wednesday, we will certainly take him to court on Thursday.” He denied the plans by the Police and the army to sweep the case under the carpet, saying the allegation is not only false but an attempt to smear the image of the security agencies in the state and assured that justice would take its due course on the matter. ALSO READ:  I’ll give marriage another chance again if…. —Juliet Ibrahim Cabinet formation: Bringing members of other parties may… Missing vehicles: Ajimobi got the facts wrong — Oyo govt Lagos nude dance: We’ll use Tekno as scapegoat — FG Buhari salutes Indimi at 72 Meanwhile, a group under the auspices of the Women for Advancement Group, Ondo State chapter, has commended the army for dismissing the alleged randy soldier. The State Coordinator of the group, Mrs Kemi Kamar, in a statement signed by her, called on the police to ensure that the suspect was brought to book. She said: ” Now that the case is with the police, we want to appeal to the police to do a proper investigation and charged the case to court without any delay. This will serve as a deterrent to others who think they are above the law.” It will be recalled that the suspect, identified Adelola, was alleged to have raped a 300-level student of the Department of Religous and African Studies of the AAUA, at the military checkpoint along Ikare Akoko-Akungba Akoko road, two weeks ago. The suspect was said to have been dismissed over the alleged act by the authorities of the Nigeria Army before he was handed over to the police for onward prosecution. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...