The recently signed Memorandum of Understanding between the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) and the Lagos State Waterways Authority (LASWA) over control of waterways in Lagos State is presently generating confusion among boat operators in the state as many have raised the alarm of double taxation on ferry operators. Speaking to the Nigerian Tribune exclusively, a boat operator who identified himself as Niyi Obadeyi explained that if truly the MoU is not meant to legalise double taxation, officials of both agencies need not be at the jetty side when ferry operators are loading. 530 NPA pensioners lament non payment of entitlements Nigerian ports cannot attract bigger vessels —Christian Holm NIMASA launches C4i system to tackle maritime insecurity Shipping companies to surcharge shippers over… According to Obadeyi, “Most times, the officials of LASWA and NIWA are always at the jetty side during loading operations. After paying for NIWA sticker, LASWA officials too will come and meet you, demanding for money. Most times, the money is not receipted. The question is, since there is an MoU, what are the LASWA guys doing at the jetty side? We thought their operations has been harmonised with that of NIWA. When they come to meet you, it’s difficult to turn them down because they are necessary devils.” Another operator who craved anonymity explained that the MoU has only legalised double taxation on ferry operators in the State. In his words, “Now that there is an MoU, we are most often times obliged to part with money when officials of both agencies approach you at the jetty.” When contacted on the matter, Spokesperson of LASWA, Nkechi Ajayi debunked claims of double taxation on ferry operators. “Boat Operators used to complain of double taxation by both LASWA and NIWA before. The Sticker NIWA gives is for Registration of their boats to ply the waterways. LASWA doesn’t charge before loading. Before the MoU, theoperators pay a monthly fee for use of state infrastructure which needs to be maintained. However, this is all in the past now as LASWA and NIWA are now in partnership towards sustainable Development of the Inland Waterways in Lagos,” the LASWA Spokesperson stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...