THE Rector, Abia State Polytechnic, Aba, Prof. Ezionye Eboh, has underscored the need for Nigerians to strive towards retaining their identity in a dynamic society by consistently promoting their distinct way of life and cultural values. Eboh said preservation of the culture of the people was necessary in order to showcase their original values and character. Eboh, represented by Deputy Rector, Academics, Chief Chikwendu Mpamugo, stated this during the Polytechnic’s 2019 Cultural Day Fiesta held at its Pavilion on Friday. ALSO READ: Police arraign businessman for allegedly abducting 16-year-old girl “This event in all its beauty and history is a wonderful medium for our students to express themselves through art, dance, music and other cultural displays. “It is also a time to relax from strenuous classroom activities, which we think our students deserve. Kogi guber: Ata Igala confers chieftaincy title on former… Ekweremadu escapes IPOB members attack in Germany Adhere to professional ethics, medical practitioners advised Anambra 2021: PPA collapses structure to PDP “In a time when various cultures around the world are losing value, we owe it to the future generations to ensure continuity of our beautiful heterogeneous yet, well-blended cultures. “This is why this festival will continue in Abia State Polytechnic for years to come. The Rector thanked all persons who contributed to the success of the event adding that “they are all a blessing to the institution.’’ Other stakeholders who spoke urged the students to desist from mixing Igbo and English language in order not to send the language into extinction. The students displayed various aspects of their cultures including types of food, styles of clothing, hairstyles and manner of speech. They also made various presentations ranging from dance drama, mock news, songs and cultural displays and parade. Mr Chinedu Orji, the Abia Speaker, HRH, Eze Love Nwogu, Aaron Uzodike, Aba North State Constituency, Mr Marshal Israel, Federal Commissioner, Public Complaints Commission and others received “Ambassador of Culture” awards on the occasion. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...