Boxing legend and cannabis fanatic Mike Tyson has been enjoying the relaxing life during his retirement. While speaking on the Hotboxin’ podcast, as reported by The Mirror, Iron Mike revealed just how much weed he smokes each month. He said: ”What do we smoke a month? Is it $40,000 (£33k) a month? It’s $40, yeah, $40,000 a month.” Former NFL offensive tackle Eben Britton, Tyson’s co-host on the podcast, then revealed: ”We smoke 10 tons of weed at the ranch a month.” The former world heavyweight champion owns a 40-acre cannabis ranch close to California’s Death Valley, which he decided to open after the US state legalised weed. The 53-year-old has his own school for prospective weed growers at the ranch called ‘The Tyson Cultivation School”. Deji of Akure commends Akeredolu on development initiatives Osun APC, SDP coalition is unshakeable, says APC chair,… Fake corps members scale fence during screening — NYSC DG Ekiti Commissioner heads RMAFC revenue allocation committee ALSO READ: Family demands investigation into Police Inspector Ediale’s killing in Taraba Tyson even admitted to smoking marijuana before he beat Andrew Golota in 2000, which he won after Golota failed to answer the bell for the third round. Tyson scored a technical knockout, however, the decision was later changed to a no-contest after testing positive for the drug after the fight, Dailymail reported. He says that he has taken cannabis all his life, but claims the Golota fight was the only time he had smoked weed and fought, saying it ‘didn’t affect me. It affected Golota.” Tyson is a strong proponent of the positive effects of cannabis and is looking to advance the research into CBD, often used to treat inflammatory ailments. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...