A Federal High Court in Abuja has been asked to declare the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu a fugitive in the United Kingdom. Apart from being declared a fugitive, the court is also asked to order his arrest and repatriation from wherever he is hiding in Great Britain back to Nigeria to stand his trial within 21 days. The plaintiff, Mr Donald Okonkwo, joined the British High Commission in Nigerian, the Directorate of State Services and the Attorney General of the Federation as defendants in the case. In the suit, the plaintiff, through his counsel, Abiodun Sodiq Babalola, prayed the court to determine, “Whether the 1st Defendant is not under obligation to repatriate the IPOB separatist leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, being a fugitive cum terrorist from the Great Britain where he has been hiding since September, 2017 under the cover of his citizenship status back to Nigeria so he can stand his trial for treasonable felony, amongst other sundry offences, pending against him before Justice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court Abuja. ALSO READ: Two Policemen feared dead as suspected gunmen abduct Medical Director in Edo “Whether by a true interpretation of Sections 1, 4 and 5 of the Terrorism (Prevention) (Amendment) Act, 2013, the 2nd Defendant has not abdicated his duties by failing, neglecting or omitting to arrest and extradite Kanu, from the Great Britain back to Nigeria so he can stand his trial for treasonable felony, amongst other sundry offences, considering the Bench Warrant issued on 28th March 2019 Justice Binta Nyako for the arrest of Kanu after it was determined that he flouted his bail conditions”. Makinde swears in 27-year-old Fakorede, 2 others as… Beware of fraudulent loan offers, CBN warns Buhari greets Olubadan of Ibadan at 91 Presidential poll: Tribunal slates Sept 13 to decide Buhari,… The plaintiff also wants the court to determine whether the AGF, as the Chief Law Officer of the Federation is not under a statutory duty to advise  the President and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to severe diplomatic relations with the 1st Defendant for harbouring Kanu, being a fugitive cum terrorist in the Great Britain and whether the failure of the 3rd Defendant does not amount to abdication of his duties under the of the Terrorism (Prevention) (Amendment) Act, 2013. He also asked the court to declare that the British High Commission, that is, the 1st Defendant is under obligation to repatriate Kanu, being a fugitive cum terrorist from the Great Britain where he has been hiding since September 2017 under the cover of his citizenship status back to Nigeria so he can stand his trial for treasonable felony, amongst other sundry offences, pending against him. A declaration that by a true interpretation of Sections 1, 4 and 5 of the Terrorism (Prevention) (Amendment) Act, 2013, the 2nd Defendant has abdicated his duties by failing, neglecting or omitting to arrest and extradite the IPOB leader from the Great Britain back to Nigeria so he can stand his trial for treasonable felony, amongst other sundry offences, considering the Bench Warrant issued on 28th March 2019 Justice Nyako for Kanu’s arrest after it was determined that he flouted his bail conditions. He also wants the court to declare that the AGF is under a statutory duty to advise the President to severe diplomatic relations with the 1st Defendant for harbouring Kanu being a fugitive cum terrorist in Great Britain and that his failure to so advise amount to abdication of his duties under the of the Terrorism (Prevention) (Amendment) Act, 2013. “An order compelling the 1st & 2nd defendants to forthwith arrest and repatriate Kanu from wherever he is hiding in Great Britain back to Nigeria to stand his trial within 21 days from the date of delivery of judgment in this suit. “An order directing the 1st defendant to tender public apology to the Federal Republic of Nigeria in three national dailies within 21 days from the date of delivery of judgment in this suit for her complicity in facilitating the escape from justice and harbouring of Kanu in the Great Britain, thereby allowing him to cause innocent Nigerian citizens serious emotional trauma through the instrumentality of incessant threat of violence, breach of peace and overthrow of the legitimate government in Nigeria”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...