Following the recent spate of robbery incidents on the campus of the University of Ibadan, Vice-Chancellor of the institution, Prof. Idowu Olayinka, has imposed a 5-hour curfew on the campus community. Olayinka who made the decision of the management known in a press release on Tuesday said movements are restricted on the campus between 12 midnight and 5am as from Wednesday 14th August 2019. According to the release titled “Partial Curfew From 12 Midnight Till 5am” and made available to Tribune Online, all students and members of staff are enjoined to produce a means of identification when asked by the campus security operatives. The statement reads: “The University Security Committee met today to review the current security situation on the Campus of the University of Ibadan. “A major decision of the committee is to enforce a partial curfew from 12 midnight till 5 am as from tomorrow, Wednesday 14th August 2019. “All students and members of staff should be able to produce a means of identification if and when accosted by security staff. “This partial restriction of movement will be in place until further notice. “Kindly ensure strict compliance, please, as part of efforts of ensuring the safety of all members of the community.” Tribune Online recalls that armed robbers invaded two female hostels in the campus community recently. VAluables of students were carted away while some students sustained different degrees of injuries in the process. UI imposes partial curfew on campus over security challenges Following two robbery incidents recorded in the halls of residence, the management of the University of Ibadan on Tuesday imposed partial curfew on the campus. The partial curfew, which takes effect from Wednesday (August 14), is between 12 midnight and 5am. This decision was taken at a meeting of the University Security Committee, which reviewed the current security situation on campus. Tribune NUJ commends Seyi Makinde over Moses Alao’s… Do not select moneybags as my successor, Awujale tells… One killed, seven injured as police attempt to arrest… I’ll appoint an expert as agriculture minister ― Buhari A release signed by the Vice Chancellor, Prof. Idowu Olayinka, directed that all students and members of staff must have means of identification when asked by security operatives. According to the vice chancellor, all male visitors to the three female hostels (Awolowo Hall, Queen Idia Hall and Elizabeth Hall) are to be received outside the halls, while female guests will be screened. ALSO READ: Zazzau Emir laments frequent cases of rape of minors Olayinka added that any male visitor seen loitering around female halls beyond 8:30pm will be taken as a suspect. Recall that two female hostels at the university — Awolowo and Abubakar Abdulsalam) — were recently invaded by thieves who robbed and injured both male and female students in the process. “A major decision of the committee was to enforce a partial curfew from 12 midnight till 5am as from Wednesday, 14th August, 2019. “All students and members of staff should be able to produce a means of identification if and when asked by security staff. This partial restriction of movement will be in place until further notice. “Kindly ensure strict compliance, please, as part of efforts of ensuring the safety of all members of the community. “In view of recent security situation on the campus, male visitors are henceforth prohibited from entering the above-listed female halls of residence. “The residents of the aforementioned halls can only receive their male visitors outside the hall. “Female visitors should be screened at the porters’ lodge. “Moreover, all male visitors are expected to leave the precincts of the female halls by 8:30 pm. “Anyone found loitering will be regarded as a suspect,” the statement added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...