For those who are not familiar with the the Bible, the name ‘Shechem’ may not ring a bell. But it is apposite to state upfront that it is a name associated with a man with the dubious honour and inglorious record of being the first person, as recorded in the Bible, to be conquered by lust and moved to sexually assault a female. Shechem raped Dinah and her brothers; Simeon and Levi would not let it go; they attacked Shechem, killed him and every male in the city, then went away with their women, children, wealth and all they owned in the city that was Israel’s first capital. Of course it was not the time of the rule of law and democracy. Even the International Criminal Court could not be cried to for justice. Though Dinah’s brothers’ conduct can be described as condemnable and atrocious, it aptly conveys the frustration and the extent families of victims of rape can go to express their anger when unchained by the law. In Nigeria today, rape has reached an epidemic level; from six-month-old babies to toddlers, teenagers to septuagenarians, it appears no one is insulated from the havoc of the restless nozzles of the Rasputin on the rampage across the country. In spite of the earaching daily newspaper reports about the scourge of rape, the crime is arguably Nigeria’s most under-reported crime; victims are held down by a number of reasons ranging from fear, shame, threat to their lives and families by their tormentors, etc. In a country where people are quick to blame victims of rape for their ordeal by accusing them of dressing indecently, positioning themselves for rape or simply accuse victims of making up stories for ulterior motives, it is understandable if victims choose to remain silent till thy kingdom come; especially when they have a slim chance of getting justice. Young addicts: why parents should act now Scourge of internet fraud The less used Nigerian Youths Supporting Tambuwal for greater Sokoto Also worthy of mention is the Dakolo-Fatoyinbo rape controversy. While it may not be right to nail Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo to the cross based on the allegations raised by Busola Dakolo before he is convicted by a court, there are Nigerians who have already given their verdict and labelled the woman a bloody opportunist who only wanted to be ‘settled’ by the pastor, among other ridiculous conclusions. It explains why many victims would just place their tormentors’ case files on God’s table and just move on with their lives as if nothing happened. But Nigeria does not have the monopoly of men that mete out inhuman treatment to women. According to a survey conducted by Thomas Reuters Foundation in 2018, India emerged the world’s most dangerous country for women. Reuters report took into consideration the risks women face from sexual violence and harassment, cultural and traditional practices, sex slavery, human trafficking, among others. Afghanistan, Syria, Somalia, Saudi Arabia and Nigeria occupy second, third, fourth, fifth and ninth positions respectively. Beyond the lamentation that the rising wave of rape has provoked, it is about time we had special courts for rape cases to fast-track dispensation of justice. Nigeria will also be the winner if we remake our laws to accommodate execution of perpetrators the crime. Having anti-rape laws is not enough, the Nigerian government must ensure enforcement of the laws to protect women against rape. Ladesope Ladelokun, Ogun State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...