A smooth skin is every woman’s dream but it doesn’t come by magic. Although some people are graced with beautiful skin without much stress, others work theirs out. You need to be intentional about it. It is important to note that consistency is key.  Here are a few tips to help you achieve smooth skin. 1) Know your skin type: A lovely skin begins with knowing your skin type so as to know the products that will work for it. As our faces are different, so also our skin types. So, you need to know whether you have a dry skin, oily skin or combination of both. 2) Have an adequate amount of sleep daily. That means you must sleep for seven-eight hours daily as stress causes several skin problems. 3) Drink up to two litres of water daily. It keeps your internal organs hydrated and your skin healthy. Do not wait until you are thirsty before drinking. 4) Avoid sugar as it triggers hormones to be released in the body that cause breakouts. Why I declined top offer at Chevron —Bimbo Ajibola Women need to educate themselves to make smarter choices… I keep working on becoming a better version of myself… Consistency is the key to success —Mary Njoku, CEO, ROK 5) Never go to bed with make-up on your face. Ensure you remove makeup and wash your face even when you are too tired to take a bath. Don’t rely on face wipes. 6) Treat your neck as an extension of your face with all the tender loving care (TLC) you can give to it. 7) Change your sponge often: They are not meant to be permanent. Do not use a sponge for more than two months if synthetic and two weeks if a loofah or local sponge. 8) Consistently wash and sanitise everything that comes in contact with your skin, especially your face-towel, pillowcases, make-up brushes, puffs and mobile phones. 9) Avoid popping your pimples and touching your face generally so you don’t transfer germs from your nails to your face. 10) Eat balanced diets, especially fibre and hydrating foods. 11) Exercise often and shower immediately afterwards. 12) Use of sunscreen during the day even when it is cloudy will help you to achieve a smooth skin as sunscreen has been shown to reverse and prevent aging as it protects your skin from the damaging rays of the sun. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...