THE immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, has explained the rationale behind the policies and actions of his eight-year administration, including those that were deemed controversial among the general public. Ajimobi was addressing leaders and chieftains of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state from the nine local government areas that make up Oyo Senatorial district at a stakeholders meeting held on Friday at the party’s state secretariat in Oke-Ado, Ibadan. According to the former governor, all the policies and actions of his government were carried out in the best interest of the state and its people. Commotion in Ebonyi as mother of 4 bled to death after boyfriend gave her abortion pills “There are insinuations in some quarters about some of the policies and undertakings of our eight-year administration which some people considered controversial. But in all honesty, I meant well for the state. All my actions were geared towards facilitating development for the whole state and make life more meaningful for the masses,” Ajimobi stated. He told the gathering that while the courts were being expected to do justice to some of the cases emanating from the last general election in the state, especially as they concern the seat of the senator representing Oyo South at the Red Chamber as well as the governor of the state, the party’s faithful should, as a matter of duty, eschew bitterness and preach genuine reconciliation. The former governor and other prominent leaders of the party implored members of the party to imbibe the spirits of selflessness and forgiveness and show more commitment to the cause of the party and the country Again, APC postpones Bayelsa guber primary NGO empowers petty traders in Lagos Again Boko Haram insurgents ambush soldiers on patrol in… LASEMA appeals to Lagos residents to clear drainage channels In his welcome address, the party’s chairman for the Oyo South Senatorial district, Prince Adefisoye Adekanye, appealed to members to remain faithful and committed in the face of current challenges. “What happened in the 2019 general election was an eye opener. We have all realised the need for absolute loyalty to our party, renewed commitment to its cause and entrenchment of peace among ourselves,” Adekanye said. The state chairman of the party, Chief Akin Oke, and secretary, Mr Mojeed Olaoya, in separate addresses, called for peace and harmony to accommodate various interests. “We are not leaving any stone unturned to make Oyo APC stronger and better. All avenues for genuine reconciliation are being explored and we are optimistic about getting the desired results in the end,” Oke said. Olaoya and party chairmen from the nine local government areas gave updates on the efforts made so far to bring back all aggrieved members who left the party during the crisis that engulfed it before the last general election. “The State Executive Committee has put in place various committees made up of experienced and passionate individuals to bring back all the aggrieved members and we are satisfied with the success being recorded on a daily basis,” Olaoya said. Dignitaries at the meeting included the governorship candidate of the party in the last general election, Chief Adebayo Adelabu; a former Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Olalekan Alli; chairmen of local government areas and local council development areas, former state legislators, members of the State Working Committee and party leaders and chieftains across the senatorial district. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...