A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress ( APC)  in Sokoto State, Alhaji Yahaya Buhari Siriddawa has commended President Muhammadu Buhari and Senator Aliyu Wamakko for the appointment of the former Secretary to the Sokoto State Government, Muhammadu Maigari Dingyadi as a Minister. Yahaya Buhari Siriddawa, who is also a business mogul, made the commendation in a statement he issued to newsmen in Sokoto at the weekend. According to him, “Alhaji Muhammadu Maigari Dingyadi has a tremendous wealth of experience to bolster the realization of the Change Agenda of the Federal Government. “The Katukan Sokoto was a veteran civil servant and iconic technocrat who will make a great impeccable impact in moving Nigeria to the NEXT LEVEL.” Oyinlola, Adesina, others urge Nigerians to emulate Beier,… [ICYMI] El-Zakzaky to Indian official: Your hospital, a… Flood kills one, destroys property in Gombe, Gov Inuwa… Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation audit team commends… ALSO READ: Stay away from duty posts, NASU, SSANU direct varsity workers He added that with the high calibre of tested and trusted elder statesmen like Dingyadi in the Federal Executive Council, it will surely soon become at par with its contemporaries, or even surpass them. He further maintained that Nigerians will soon begin to reap more dividends of democracy as the new Federal Cabinet is in the offing. Meanwhile, Yahaya Buhari Siriddawa has expressed optimism that Nigeria’s security situation will soon further improve for the better with the recent appointment of the APC Leader in Sokoto State, Senator Aliyu Wamakko, as the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Defence. Similarly, he opined that the ongoing anti-corruption fight in the country would soon receive an extreme boost with the appointment of Senator Aliyu Magatakarda Wamakko as the Deputy Chairman of the Senate Committee on Anti Corruption. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...