Benue State University, Makurdi, yesterday matriculated 5,023 students. The Vice-Chancellor of the University, Professor Msugh Kember in his address at the matriculation ceremony said that 4,721 were regular students and 302 of sandwich program The VC said that 27, 673 candidates sat for the last Unified Tertiary and Matriculation Examination (UTME), while 400 candidates applied for the sandwich programme. Kembe stated this during the combined 27th regular and the 18th sandwich programme matriculation ceremonies of the institution. He explained that the sandwich programme provided opportunities for manpower development and enhanced quality labour force, particularly in schools and colleges. Enugu SUBEB distributes N1.4b instructional materials to… ‘UNILAG got N5bn for research in a year’ Govt’s policies responsible for dip in education standard  —… Parents of beneficiaries of Akinosun scholarship scheme laud… ALSO READ: Kwara APC charge new ministers on service delivery The VC further said that the University ensured and insisted on quality assurance in the minimum admission requirements and processes. He said that aside from maintaining the cut-off mark of 180 points as against 160 points currently maintained by the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) for UTME candidates admission and Upper Credit, 9 points and 7 points for OND, NCE and IJMBE respectively for Direct Entry, the school, according to him also subjected students to Post-UTME test. The Vice-Chancellor stated that management of the University placed a high premium on setting high standards for her students, and urged students to take their studies seriously as degrees are awarded to deserving students found worthy of character and learning. “I implored you the students to shun all forms of vices such as examination malpractice/misconduct, cultism, improper/indecent dressing, drug abuse, homosexualism, lesbianism, prostitution and alcoholism among others. “This is because anyone found indulging in such acts will be expelled outrightly without wasting time,” Kembe warned. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...