The Governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, has disclosed that his government is set to adopt the Indonesian interest-free loan scheme for the benefit of small and medium scale business community. The Governor stated this on Tuesday while receiving Sultan Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar who paid him a Sallah courtesy visit. Tambuwal said during his recent visit to Indonesia, he saw many programmes that could be adopted for the benefit of the people. He, therefore, assured that the state zakat and endowment programme would be run devoid of politics, adding that the commission would soon be constituted comprising people that do not have any political inclination. ALSO READ: Contractors allay communities’ fears on Lagos-Ibadan rail line Tribune NUJ commends Seyi Makinde over Moses Alao’s… Do not select moneybags as my successor, Awujale tells… One killed, seven injured as police attempt to arrest… I’ll appoint an expert as agriculture minister ― Buhari Governor Tambuwal also said that the government would map out strategies of providing employment opportunities to the teeming youths. He added that government in collaboration with security agencies would continue to adopt measures aimed at ensuring lasting peace in the state. He thanked the Sultan for his effective leadership, members of the Sultanate Council and Districts head for their support to his administration. Earlier Sultan Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar commended the Governor and his lieutenants for the assistance being rendered to the people in various sectors. The sultan also urged leaders in the state to differentiate between politics and governance, pointing out that period of politics is over hence they should unite and work together for the progress of the state. Sultan Muhammad Saad Abubakar also stressed the need for the Governor to remove from office any person that is administratively incompetent. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...