THE Debt Management Office (DMO) says N324.4 million was allotted to 408 subscribers during its sale of savings bond in August 2019. The results of the sales obtained from the DMO website on Friday in Abuja, showed that N81.03 million was allotted for August 2021 at 10.301 per cent. Tomorrow’s strike will be total, comprehensive —Varsity workers It also indicated that N243.3 million was allotted at 11.301 per cent for the August 2022 papers. The bond issuance is part of the federal government’s programme targeted at the lower income earners to encourage savings and also earn more income (interest), compared to their savings accounts with banks. SEC holds Q2 2019 CMC meeting Coronation Merchant Bank’s N100 bn CP Programme to close… Fidelity Bank adopts open banking Loan-to-Deposit Ratio: FDC lists three options open to banks The savings bond issuance is expected to help finance the nation’s budget deficit. They are debt securities (liabilities) of the Federal Government, backed by its ‘full faith and credit,’ whereby interests are to be paid at regular periods and principal repaid at maturity. The bonds have a tenure of between two to three years and a minimum size of investment of N5, 000 and maximum of N50 million. The bond is aimed at deepening national savings culture, diversifying funding sources for the government and providing opportunity to all citizens, irrespective of income level to contribute to national development. It will also enable all citizens to participate and benefit from the favourable returns available in the capital market. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...