Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola on Thursday charged corps members to imbibe the virtues of hard-work, patience and humility during and after their service year. He admonished the prospective corps members posted to the state to complement the gestures of National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) and the government by being good ambassadors and advocates of peaceful co-existence in Nigeria. Oyetola gave the charge at the official opening and swearing-in ceremony of the 2019 Batch ‘B’ Stream ll Orientation Course, at the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp, Ede, Osun State. He called on the corps members to live up to the scheme’s objectives of fostering bridges of love, harmony and productive integration across the country. ALSO READ: Osun at 28: Oyetola promises better days ahead Represented by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Prince Wole Oyebamiji, Oyetola implored the corps members to channel their energy, vigour and drive towards the achievement of national lofty ideals and aspirations. While warming them to abstain from vices such as drug abuse, advance fee fraud, kidnapping, robbery, cultism, violence and cyber-crimes, the governor described youths as the most productive segment of  Nigerian population, saying that the nation’s plans for the future cannot be actualised without the involvement and active participation of the youths. Politician, 2 others arrested over decomposing corpse of… Kogi Guber; SDP Certifies Natasha’ s Candidature Buhari commends supportive role played by NURTW members… Chibok Girls, Leah Sharibu, Sowore: Nigerians to protest… Oyetola further called on Nigerian youths to key into national policies and programmes designed to take the country to the next level of socioeconomic and political development. According to him, “NYSC is the one singular institution in this country that has done so much to curb ethnicity, sectionalism and tribalism. Our plans for the future cannot be actualised without the involvement and active participation of the youths. “I want you to complement the gestures of NYSC and the government by being good ambassadors and advocates of peaceful co-existence and the corporate existence of our nation.  I Implore you to comport yourselves in a most noble way worthy of your calling into the national service, as your predecessors who successfully completed their three-week orientation course recently did. “Embrace the virtues of patience, hard work and humility; learn all you can while you can, let your quest for self-development pilot your active participation in all camp programmes, including the empowerment programme of the NYSC. “I want you to know that your three-week orientation will expose you to additional skills which set you on your journey towards self-realisation and self-reliance needed to be relevant in the economic revamping of the nation. “I want you to see the oath of allegiance you have taken as a commitment to national ideals and a new beginning; remember that you are the greatest asset of our nation. “As future leaders and key determiners of the peace and stability of our nation, I want you to channel your energy, vigour and drive towards the achievements of lofty ideals and aspirations. “I urge you to see yourself as the leading light for the present and future generations because your mobilisation affords you the privilege to be a blessing to the nation by impacting the lives of the people of your immediate environment”, Oyetola remarked. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...