THE National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) has concluded plans to extend the National Identification Number (NIN) enrolment to Nigerians in the Diaspora, especially those who reside in Austria and Germany. Mr Aliyu Aziz, the director-general, NIMC,  disclosed this in a statement issued by Mr Abdulhamid Umar, General Manager, Operations/Corporate Communications, NIMC in Abuja, last week. Kaduna to pay new minimum wage from September 1 Aziz said that the exercise would involve the demographic and biometric data capture of Nigerians residing in Austria and Germany in collaboration with Biosec Solution Limited, licensed by NIMC to carry out enrolment across the globe. He noted that the extension was to ensure that Nigerians in Diaspora were captured in the process. He said that it was in line with NIMC’s mandate to populate the National Identity Database (NIDB) and issue the NIN to all Nigerians and legal residents. NCC records 271,112 complaints in four years —Danbatta Anambra govt trains 10,000 teachers to fight cyber crime Landwey acquires stake in Vistafront African telecoms regulators converge on Abuja for 2019… Aziz also reiterated that the NIN was a mandatory requirement for many services. They include the acquisition and renewal of the International Passport, Bank account opening in Nigeria, Tax filing in Nigeria, and Business registration with the Corporate Affairs Commission, among others. According to him,  the launch of the new centres will hold on August 21,  2019 in Austria, Vienna, at the Embassy/Permanent Mission of the Federal Republic of Nigeria It will also hold August 23, 2019 in Berlin, Germany at the Nigerian Embassy, Germany. The director also said that NIMC licensed partners include Biosec Solutions Limited; Slogani Consults Limited; CHAMS Consortium Limited; Defcon Systems Limited/ OIS Services; National e-Authentication Limited/ OIS Services and IRIS Smart Technologies Limited. “Other partners include Thebez Global Resources/Cox & Kings; Dantata Universal Services/VFS Global; Venn Technology Limited; Kevonne Consults Limited/Iris ID Systems INC.; UGS Technologies Limited/OrangeHook African Continental/Carvus; and File Solution Limited/ EYE-ID LLC,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...