Governor  Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has restated his administration’s commitment to development in Gombe State. The Governor who was speaking when the All Progressives Congress,  (APC) Elders’ Forum paid him Sallah homage at the Government House, lamented the precarious state of things in virtually all sectors in Gombe State. He was, however, optimistic that with support and the goodwill of the people, the state will be placed on a sound pedestal for a glorious future. According to him a thorough assessment of the position of things in the state have been completed and will soon be made public and said,  “We will make public a comprehensive picture of the things we met on ground in every sector, this we believe will help the people of Gombe appreciate our challenges and bring in positive contributions that will help chart a new course for the state”. The Governor also said that the APC led government at both the Federal and State levels is not unaware of the challenges confronting the nation and will stop at nothing in addressing them. While speaking earlier, Chairman APC Elders’ Forum in Gombe State, Alhaji Adamu Malala said that they were at the Government House to reiterate their support and solidarity with the Governor and to also appreciate him for his love, respect and magnanimity to members of the group. Meanwhile, in a determined effort to to inject freshness and reinvigorate the health sector particularly primary health care delivery services, Gombe State Governor, Muhammad  Inuwa Yahaya has approved the appointment of an Executive Secretary for the Gombe State Primary Healthcare Development Agency (GMPHCDA). ALSO READ: Unilag to showcase zero emission car at research The newly appointed Executive Secretary of the Angry is  Dr. Abdulrahman Shuaibu whose appointment is informed by his track records of achievements, loyalty,  experience and commitment to service. Until this appointment,  Dr. Abdulraham Shuaibu was a Consultant,  Family Physician at the  Aminu Kano Teaching  Hospital (AMKTH), Kano. He obtained his MBBS degree from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria and thereafter a masters degree in International Public Health from Liverpool  School  of Tropical Medicine, Liverpool, United Kingdom. Dr. Abdulraham Shuaibu is a Fellow of the National Postgraduate, Medical College of  Nigeria, Faculty of Family Medicine and also a Member of the West African College of Physicians, Faculty of Family Medicine. He is vastly experienced  in primary healthcare with years of service in the public health sector and his appointment is with immediate effect according to a statement signed by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant  ( Media and Publicity). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...