ONE of the Kogi State governorship aspirants under the umbrella of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Muhammed Audu has promised that if elected the governor of the state, he will lead the people to the promised land. Speaking on Monday during the Media Parley organised by the Kogi State Chapter of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, he stressed that the people of the state have suffered a lot under the administration of Alhaji Yahaya Bello. Muhammed Audu, the son of the former governor of the state, late Prince Abubakar Audu opined that the selection process that brought Bello was faulty after the demise of his father. He stressed that it was not a right as the son of the former governor to contest for the governor, but as a young man, his ambition was to aspire like his father. “The processes of election does not give room for a dynasty. It is the people that can decide who becomes the next governor of the state. But I have made up mind to make myself available for the selection process of the election. “The state has gone through a very high level of decay. We are trying to manage the complete breakdown of the state. The state is heavily dependent on federal allocation. We need to look for ways we can generate money internally without depending on monthly allocation from the Federal Government,” he said. Cabinet formation: Bringing members of other parties may… Missing vehicles: Ajimobi got the facts wrong — Oyo govt Lagos nude dance: We’ll use Tekno as scapegoat — FG Buhari salutes Indimi at 72 ALSO READ: Lalong salutes Odigie-Oyegun at 80, says former APC boss exceptional politician Audu assured workers and pensioners that the issue of non-payment of salary and pensions will be adequately taken care off by his administration. He lamented that the infrastructural development is nothing to write home about, adding that most roads in the state are not motorable. He said that his government will embark on road rehabilitation and also embark on the construction of new roads across the three senatorial districts of the state. In the area of agriculture, he promised to make the state one of the food basket states in the country as he will deploy resources into full production in rice, cashew nuts, gari processing and other areas in the agricultural sector. He also promised to upgrade health sectors in the state by providing drugs, medical equipments and having qualified doctors and nurses for effective delivery. In the area of security, he promised to buy all illegal guns in circulation by providing jobs for whomever hands over his or her illegal gun to government. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...