THE Tribune Chapel of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) has commended the Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, for appointing a member of the union, Mr Moses Alao, as special assistant on print media. In a statement signed by the chairman, Mr Tunde Busari, and secretary, Mr Adewale Oshodi, the union described the choice of Alao as apt, saying it was akin to putting a round peg in a round hole. The statement said Alao’s experience spanning over a decade in journalism would make him discharge his new assignment to the best of his ability. “As a union, we consider Moses Alao’s appointment as a challenge to him after carving niche for himself in journalism. “We are, therefore, glad that the governor is giving another member of our union the opportunity to prove his mettle by serving the state government,” the statement said. Moses Alao, a 36-year-old holder of a Bachelor of Arts and Masters of Arts degrees in Communication and Language Arts from the University of Ibadan, hails from Igboho in Oorelope Local Government Area of Oyo State. He has 10 years experience in political reporting and other areas of journalism as a reporter with the Nigerian Tribune between 2009 and 2019, with nominations for Political Reporter of the Year 2014 and Newspaper Reporter of the Year 2015 at the Nigerian Media Merit Awards (NMMA) to his credit. He served as Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ), Tribune Chapel, between 2014 and 2015 before acting in the chairman’s capacity for a year. Governor Seyi Makinde earlier this month approved the appointments of new media aides. They are Bosede Sadiq of Channels TV as special assistant on broadcast; Moses Alao of Nigerian Tribune as special assistant on print media; Mr Dare Aleshinloye of ParrotXtra Magazine as special assistant on photography and Mayowa Okekale as technical assistant on mew media. This came weeks after Makinde appointed Mr Taiwo Adisa and Mr Jide Ajani as Chief press secretary and special adviser on media respectively.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...