The Management of Med-View Airline has appealed to the public including its shareholders to disregard what it called the sensationalised headline in the media that Med-View has suspended its operation because all her planes are on maintenance. The management said that the headline and reports are misleading and tantamount to ‘demarketing’. In a statement signed by its Chief Operating Officer (COO), Mr. Michael Ajigbotosho, Med-View said it has not at any time informed the regulatory authority (NCAA) or any aviation agency nor the press that its operations are suspended. “At this time of the year, all those concerned or involved know that Med-View will concentrate her entire operations on inbound airlift of Hajj Pilgrims from Saudi Arabia to Nigeria. “Our B737-500 (5N-BQ) aircraft developed a technical fault en route Abuja a few days ago that requires engine replacement, and of which the engine has been procured and is being mounted to commence operation next week. Suspected bandits kill three, abduct 18 in Kaduna LASG takes responsibility of medical bills of Ikorodu… Brain-dead woman gives birth to baby girl WHO appoints wife of Niger gov as expert on cervical cancer ALSO READ: Insecurity: Abiodun calls for national policy on porous borders “Med-View Airline operates three B737 aircraft on its domestic route, until recently when two of them – 5N-MAB and 5N-MAA were sent for C- Check at approved MRO in Estonia, Europe and Aero-Contractors here in Nigeria. “The works are already at an advanced stage, up to 85%, and expectedly, the aircraft will soon enter service on our domestic route. In the last 12 years of operation as Hajj carrier and domestic operator, Med-View Airline is profoundly known and widely recognised for its safety consciousness which cannot be compromised. “Our airline is ever committed to its corporate value, which is the ability to succeed in providing the desired services for customers ‘satisfaction and return on investment to shareholders.'” The airline has however declared that the on-going rift between it and NAHCON was being handled by the Presidency. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...