Wife of Kogi governor Rashida Bello has donated a two-bedroom flat to an aged woman living in Adavi Local Government Area of the state. Mrs Bello, who made the donation on Wednesday at Ipaku-Eba area of the local government, said that the gesture was in line with the commitment of the present administration to the welfare of the less privileged. She promised to do more to alleviate the suffering of women, children and the less privileged in the society by improving their health and physical well-being. According to her, the donation is part of the humanitarian services of Rashida Bello Foundation which is aimed at making a difference in the lives of people in need, especially women, children and the elderly in the society. LSEB, NCDMB train 50 participants on practical technical… DSS, INEC seek legislation against fake news Osun election tribunal set to deliver judgment in three… Jumia to host NBA star, Andre Iguodala’s interactive… ALSO READ: `I’m done with natural childbirth’, says OAP Maria Okanrenda Mrs Bello pledged to continue to uplift the living condition of the vulnerable people in the state, urging Nigerians to always give helping hands to people, especially the aged, and also show love and concern to their neighbours. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the governor’s wife was accompanied to the event by the Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Development, Mrs Bolanle Bola-Olorunsaiye, and other All Progressives Congress (APC) women leaders in Kogi Central Senatorial district. Reacting to the gift, the recipient, a jubilant Mrs Salihu Uhuanamo, expressed gratitude to God for using Mrs Bello to solve her accommodation problem. She thanked the wife of the governor for the kindness and prayed God to always protect her and the husband, Gov. Yahaya Bello. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...