In order to be able to fulfil his promises on the provision of social amenities, enduring infrastructures, regular payment of government obligations and other amenities, Oyo State Governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has pleaded for the support of different stakeholders operating in the State on adequate deductions, prompt Remittance of Taxes and other levies. This was stated by the Executive Chairman, Oyo State Internal Revenue Service, Aremo John Adeleke, during a One Day Sensitization workshop on Computations, Deductions and Remittances for Federal and State Ministries,  Departments and Agencies (MDAs) as well as Tertiary Institutions in the state held at the House of Chiefs, Secretariats, Ibadan. Speaking on behalf of the state governor, Adeleke reiterated that the intention of the present administration was not going to over-burden any business enterprise either small or big but rather to ensure the government get its fair and reasonable share of all its eligible tax revenue. ALSO READ: Lawan, PDP, Kalu, Abaribe condemn IPOB attack on Ekweremadu in Germany According to a statement signed by the Honourable Commissioner, Min. of Info., Culture & Tourism, Oyo State Government, Honourable Wasiu Olatunbosun, PhD, Makinde said, “currently, the fluctuations and other complex gyrations of the international Oil market and the global economy means unstable and often lower revenue from Federal allocation. The need to look inward to generate enough internal revenue to cater to the much societal demand has never been this much. Oyinlola, Adesina, others urge Nigerians to emulate Beier,… [ICYMI] El-Zakzaky to Indian official: Your hospital, a… Flood kills one, destroys property in Gombe, Gov Inuwa… Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation audit team commends… “We count on Companies and other businesses to ensure they regularly deduct and remit their employees’ PAYE tax to covers of our treasury. This will ensure mutual reciprocation of right and duties on the part of all parties. I regard such complying institutions, business and contractors as friends of my government and corporate citizens of this State of enduring opportunities.” Welcoming the participants in his speech, Aremo Adeleke tasked Professional Bodies, Tax Professionals, Consultants, Taxpayers and Agents to discharge their responsibilities as stipulated by the National Tax Policy of 2017. He also urged all MDAs, Federal and State as well as Tertiary Institutions to ensure they give patronage only to individuals and companies with a record of regular and up to date remittance of their employees’ Pay As You Earn (PAYE). In his remark, the head of the partnering firm, Mr Femi Adeniji explained that the workshop was about sensitizing various agencies about their responsibility that pertained to tax and other dues, adding that participants will be taught the right ways of making deductions so as not to shortchange the government. The workshop had in attendance officials of State and Federal Ministries, Directorates and Agencies (MDAs), private business sectors representatives and other stakeholders. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...