The leadership of the National Association of Nigerian Students on Monday asked the authorities of the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University (ATBU) to pay compensation to families of the three students that died from the bridge collapse on 5th August 2019. NANS President, Comrade Danielson Akpan, who briefed newsmen in Bauchi State on the outcome of his visitation to the University, said the students’ death was avoidable. The remote cause and resolution of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) following the death of three students during a heavy downpour leading to bridge collapse. Akpan said he personally led a fact-finding team to the University to ascertain the remote cause of the tragic collapse of the bridge after a downpour that led to the death of three students. According to him, having assessed the site of the collapsed bridge, NANS identified negligence on the part of the school management as a major cause of the tragic collapse of the bridge which led to the death of three students of the institution and injuries to many others. ALSO READ: El-Zakzaky, wife depart Nigeria to India for medical treatment He noted that the Students Union Government of ATBU was able to prove beyond reasonable doubt that they drew the attention of the management to the state of the bridge and the need to address it immediately. Cabinet formation: Bringing members of other parties may… Missing vehicles: Ajimobi got the facts wrong — Oyo govt Lagos nude dance: We’ll use Tekno as scapegoat — FG Buhari salutes Indimi at 72 He said: “The NANS Executive Council has identified the causes of the tragic event of Monday night, 5th August 2019, resolves as follows; “That the management of ATBU tenders an unreserved written apology to the families of the victims of the bridge collapse of 5th August 2019 at ATBU permanent site. “That the management of ATBU pays compensations to the families of the victims that lost their lives during the bridge collapse and award scholarships and admissions to qualified members of the family of victims who lost their lives in the tragic collapse. “That the management of ATBU takes the full cost of medical bills of those injured during the bridge collapse and reschedule examination and tests at a convenient time after full recovery for those affected, who missed any exams or test as a result of injuries sustained. “That a suitable and standard bridge be constructed to replace the collapsed bridge at the earliest possible time to ease the movement of students from hostel to lecture halls. And other basic amenities be giving attention. “That the management of ATBU must straighten out her relationship with the SUG in order to smoothen communication between both parties. Just as the management is responsible for the day to day running of the school, the SUG is also responsible for the protection of students rights and privileges. “That the management of ATBU must prioritize the welfare of students of the institution and make it their top priority since, without students, there won’t be school management or lecturers,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...