The government of Ogun State, on Tuesday, said it’s Public-Private Partnership initiative (PPP) has started yielding positive results with a growing number of investors willing to explore abundant business opportunities in the state. The State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, said this while receiving in audience the Chief Executive Officers of S&W and Sigma Limited who paid him a courtesy call. Abiodun noted that the PPP arrangement would enable corporate entities and government to explore the numerous potentials that abound in for the benefit of the people. ALSO READ: Ondo govt promises to reposition Unity, Special Schools BREAKING: Deputy governor escapes death as robbers kill 3… Nigerians rank fifth among African students in Germany #EndSARS: [VIRAL VIDEO] SARS operatives shoot dead suspected… 12th African Games: Nigerian beach volleyballers lose to… He also posited that the proximity of the state to air and seaports as well as large markets would provide the best options for Investors to choose from when planning to site their business in the country. “Ogun State occupies a strategic location in our country. It has the largest concentration of industries and it is closer to air, seaports and market. We also share borders with four states and we are the Gateway to the West Africa sub-region” “We have land and a young population. We launched our job portal just some few days ago and more than 25,000 people have so far registered. This shows that there is more than enough labour ready to work”, he said. He said his administration was determined to increase the rating of Doing Business in the State has a one-stop-shop, while adding that the state government was on the verge of making the process of investing in the state easy through its Ogun Invest Bill, which he was optimistic would soon be passed by the State House of Assembly.. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...