An America-based businesswoman, Mimie Oshodin was on Monday arraigned before a Federal High Court, Abuja by the Federal Government over an alleged N22.9 billion fraud. The businesswoman, whose husband, Bob Oshodin was said to be at large, was arraigned on a 25-count charge bordering on sales of a furniture manufacturing company to the Federal Government to the tune of $55m dollars. Mrs Oshodin, who has been in the custody of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) over about 70 days, however, denied the charges. Amongst others, the defendant was said to have sold the company to the Federal Government in 2014 and received the alleged sum through the office of the National Security Adviser (ONSA), then under Col. Sambo Dasuki (Rtd). The anti-graft agency also alleged that the defendant received the said amount in about 15 tranches through her family company, Bob Oshodin Organisation Limited, which is the 1st defendant in the charge. Shortly after the arrangement, her counsel, Osahon Idemudia, pleaded with the trial judge, Justice Taiwo Taiwo, to admit the defendant to bail in liberal terms pending the determination of the trial. Idemudia, while moving the bail application drew the attention of the judge to the fact that she has been in the underground cell of the EFCC for about 70 days without electricity. Princeton College girls win 2019 African Regional… Centre for Black Culture holds annual Ulli Beier lecture,… Kogi: Aspirant tells APC to conduct fair primary Sanwo-Olu swears in nine permanent secretaries ALSO READ: Presidential tribunal: Atiku Abubakar Institute expresses confidence in Judiciary Idemudia further told the court that the alleged offence borders on civil contract freely entered by the Federal Government and the defendant and that the defendant is committed to accelerated trial to enable her clear her name from the allegations. The lawyer debunked the anti-graft agency’s claim that Mrs Oshodin jumped the administrative bail granted her by the agency, adding that the EFCC did not make any attempt directly to get her, but only directed her surety to produce her. Idemudia, therefore, pleaded with the court to use its discretion in favour of the defendant especially on conditions of her ill-health. The EFCC, however, vehemently objected to the bail application on the grounds that the defendant may likely jump bail if granted because her husband and all her children are based in the United States of America. EFCC’s counsel, Aisha Habib, however, said if the court was inclined to grant the application, it should do so with some conditions that will ensure the defendant is available to face her trial. Justice Taiwo, after argument from counsel in the matter, adjourned till August 21, 2019, for ruling and ordered that the defendant remain in the custody of the EFCC till the next adjourned date. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...