Former deputy president of the Senate, Ike Ekweremadu has commended his people from Enugu-West senatorial zone for defying the heavy rain to give him a resounding reception at Akanu-Ibiam Airport, Enugu at the weekend. Senator Ekweremadu who returned to his Enugu home few days after being attacked in Germany was driven in a long motorcade to his Enugu residence where he addressed the mammoth crowd who were also waiting to have a glimpse of him as part of their solidarity. The lawmaker told the faithful that he had forgiven those that attacked him at Germany, adding that he went to Germany to meet with Ndigbo residents in Germany to brainstorm on issues about the progress of Ndigbo and bringing investment home. His words: “I am overwhelmed with the crowd here to show solidarity. This mammoth crowd shows that people behind me is more than the one behind them. ALSO READ: Ohanaeze calls for thorough investigation into Enugu pregnant woman’s murder “We went to Germany to meet our brother who invited us to be part of their event which holds every year with plans to discuss with Germany authorities to bring industries to South-East. Kano gov tussle: I have no case to answer —Ganduje Reps committee on abandoned communication projects begins… Gov primary: Bayelsa PDP elects 315 ad hoc delegates Yoruba leadership: No rancour in Afenifere “We want to discuss serious business bothering on the development of the zone and that is why nothing happened to us as they planned,’’ he said. According to the Senator, “South-East is owned by both me and those that attacked me. I have been involving everyone in the development aspect.” The Youth Leader of Ohanaeze Worldwide, Arthur Nwankwo, who had welcomed Ekweremadu, appealed to him to forgive IPOB members who attacked him and continue his good work. Nwankwo pointed out that those who attacked Ekweremadu do not know anything about him and warned them to cease from attacking Igbo leaders. He said: “We, Ohaneze youths worldwide, welcome you back home and pray that God will protect you for the good of South-East and Igbo land in general. “All the Ohaneze youth leaders and members across the seven states that make-up Igbo land are here to show solidarity and ask you to forgive those that attacked you in Germany.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...