A Star Alliance member airline, Turkish Airlines, is set to host the largest corporate World Golf Cup tournament in Lagos on September 5, 2019, an event. In addition to their newly-opened Istanbul airport hub that is set to serve up to 200 million passengers annually, TurkishAirlines, through this tournament, demonstrates that business and golf are a natural fit and no one combines the two as well as they do. The golf tournament is a proof that the world’s class airline also gives its clients the fairways as well as the runways services with the genuine Turkish hospitality famous around the world. Golf is entrenched in the Turkish Airlines’ philosophy that customers’ clubs can even fly for free. Players can look forward to another unforgettable Turkish Airlines World Golf Cup, which will be sponsored by the National Car Rental and SOCAR. Buhari approves Ipaye’s re-appointment, others in VP’s office as Louis… AFRIMA: Promoting Africa through new narrative, incentives Amachree calls on all tiers of govt to develop tourist sites Tourism stakeholders laud Ojude Oba cultural essence Udiroko, 12 century festival set to go international Yunus Ozbek, General Manager of Turkish Airlines Lagos, said “We are thrilled to be back in Lagos with the TAWGC and a new group of golfers as our event has become a highlight on the region’s calendar over the past four years. “We are proud that this competition has grown in parallel with the world class Turkish Airlines brand. Good luck to the players. We look forward to inviting the winner to represent Lagos in the grand finals in Turkey later this year. “Flying to more countries across the world, TurkishAirlines supports some of the world’s most successful sports enthusiasts and organisations bridging the gap between cultures and continents. “Alongside TAWGC, the airline is a title sponsor of Turkish Airlines Euroleague, Europe’s top club level basketball competition and is committed to supporting the best sporting competitions around the world,” Yunus Ozbek added. With 333 aircraft flying to more than 306 destinations in 124 countries globally, Turkish Airlines carried over 75 million passengers in 2018. . SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...