The minister of Women Affairs, and Social Development, Pauline Tallen, and the National Council for Women Societies (NCWS) have backed the gubernatorial ambition of an aspirant of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Kogi state, Natasha Akpoti. The minister, who addressed the delegation of the apex women group in the country, on Wednesday, said it was time the womenfolk rise up to the challenge of leadership in Nigeria. Addressing the women delegation, which also includes Akpoti, Tallen said concerted efforts should be made to support and encourage women for active participation in politics. ALSO READ: EFCC arrests three lawyers, two others at large for defrauding Pastor She added that from now on there’s going to be a positive change in women participation in Nigerian politics. The minister said she had already set a committee to address some the challenges confronting women in politics, adding that there is hope and it is going to be a different ball game. LSEB, NCDMB train 50 participants on practical technical… DSS, INEC seek legislation against fake news Osun election tribunal set to deliver judgment in three… Jumia to host NBA star, Andre Iguodala’s interactive… Tallen said, “We intend to have more women not just coming out to participate in the process but being a winner of the election, we hope to have women as governors, speakers and the rest. “As you can see we have a governorship aspirant, Natasha Akpoti in our midst, We are going to change the narrative this time, it is time for women to actively participate in politics, it is time for women to support their own and have active participation in politics”. President of NCWS, Dr Gloria Laraba Shoda, while introducing Akpoti to the minister, said members of the group came to congratulate the minister on her latest achievement. “The council is particularly happy that a member of our trustworthy society will drive the women affair in the next for years, you are still one of us”, she said. Reacting, Akpoti appreciated the minister of women Affairs and Social Development for prioritising women active participation in politics. “I am going back to my state to commence campaign and I believe beyond the party line, the minister is going to use all the machinery in place to ensure our victory. “My vision is towards the advancement of Kogi State to make it an industrial hub of the country which is supposed to be, and to also ensure social justice”, she said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...