The former Governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha, has accused the Imo State government of attacks on his personal properties in the state. In a statement, Okorocha said that agents of the state government have since he exited from office launched several attacks on properties, individuals and anything that has to do with him. These activities according to the Senator representing Imo West at the Senate portrayed as recovery of the state assets have resulted in the damage, vilification and abuse of power in a bid to witch-hunt him. Federal university Lokoja shuns NASU, SSANU strike Court restrains AGF, ICPC from seizing Yari’s… Put your activities on hold, FG orders youth council NGO offers healthcare to 300,000 under-5 children in Benue “In the last couple of months, the government of Emeka Ihedioha has launched and sustained attacks on my property and that of my family members. They had raided my wife and daughter’s businesses places and I have reported to the authorities. “Now the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Uche Onyeaguocha, went to my private guesthouse, chased away the security men and broke into the house, ransacked it and made away with documents, locked up the house and took the keys. “I have been quiet about all these unwarranted attacks but they should not take my silence for granted.” Okorocha posited that if the Imo State government is acting on the dictates of the law, it should obtain a court order that will legalize any of its actions and not unleash state forces to destroy his personal properties. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...