Authorities of the Ambrose Alli University, (AAU), Ekpoma, Edo have vowed to bring the perpetrators of the recent disruption of a congress of the local chapter of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), to book. In a statement yesterday in Ekpoma by the spokesperson, Mr Edward Aihevba, he let it be known that the students have no right whatsoever to disrupt any approved meetings in the university, more so a meeting of lecturers, using violence. He says that the school has set up a panel to investigate the incident, assuring that the culprits who are suspected to be students will not be spared. ALSO READ: UniJos seeks funds for clinical trials of world’s first anti-snake venom vaccine Some renegade students were alleged to have thrown stones and other objects into the venue of the meeting, shattering louvres of the rooms, chanting slogans such as “No more strike”; “We are tired of staying at home due to strikes” during the session on August 20. The violent actions of the students reportedly made lecturers rush out of the venue and consequently brought the meeting to an abrupt end. Suspected bandits kill three, abduct 18 in Kaduna LASG takes responsibility of medical bills of Ikorodu… Brain-dead woman gives birth to baby girl WHO appoints wife of Niger gov as expert on cervical cancer Aihevba appealed to the lecturers to go about their normal duties as the authorities will ensure peace and security on campus He expressed shock at the allegation by the union which accused the university authorities of sponsoring the students to carry out the attack. The image maker accused the leadership of ASSU of deliberate attempt to discredit the administration of the vice-chancellor, Prof. Ignatius Onimawo Aihevba denied: “The management could not have sponsored students to disrupt the meeting in a violent manner when the two deputy vice-chancellors who are part of management, were in attendance. “Would the university management organise students, or whoever it may be, to violently throw stones and bottles into the room where its own members were? Of course not.” He added: “ASUU leadership and a few other elements, have for a long time be looking for an opportunity to discredit the administration of the vice-chancellor. It is just a way to pin things on the management that is not true.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...