Every human being is created for purpose. No human being is designed or destined to be an aimless, purposeless being. We are all created purposefully to achieve certain set objectives. Living oblivious of purpose is foolhardy and a great gamble. Purpose is the anticipated outcomes God wants our lives to fulfill. When we do not walk in purpose our lives becomes miserable. We will become restless. We will perpetually in motion moving from pillar to post in search of what will give us fulfillment and satisfaction. When we are out of purpose we will always be dissatisfied with whatever level of success we attain. No matter the accolades and achievements we record we will always feels unfulfilled and frustrated. A life lived outside or oblivious of purpose will have no defined direction. He will just be drifting through life aimlessly. Purpose answers the “ why “ of our lives. It explains the reason for our existence. Purpose defines for us where our life is designed to be headed. “The heart of human excellence often begins to beat when you discover a pursuit that absorbs you, frees you, challenges you, or gives you a sense of meaning, joy, or passion.” Terry Orlick Purpose makes us see the destination where we are going with our lives. Purpose gives direction . When we discover purpose our lives becomes focused. We know we cannot just do anything but only the things we are created to do. Purpose will give meaning to our pursuits. We will live purposefully . . . We will look at life always from the angle of purpose. When we discover and live in line with purpose we are propelled by purpose. We will have drive . . . Nobody need push us to do things, we will be self motivated. “If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it, setting goals so that your vision is an expression of that purpose, then life flows much more easily.” Jack Canfield Leadership is who we are plus what we do Beginnings and endings (1) Beware of burnout The power of reading books (2) Purpose makes life interesting so a man who lives in line with purpose will never be bored or discouraged. He is always seeing the glorious future of his purpose so whatever he goes through is never comparable to what he is seeing. He will always see light at the end of the tunnel. When we discover and live in line with purpose whatever distress, difficulty or problem we encounter will not discourage us as we will see them as simply a part of the process to achieve our purpose. “To begin to think with purpose, is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to attainment.” James Allen “Life is never made unbearable by circumstances, but only by lack of meaning and purpose.” Viktor Frankl Purpose is always discoverable in God. There is no product that a manufacturers will not have a purpose for.  TO BE CONCLUDED FOR ENQUIRIES/ COMMENTS PLEASE SEND EMAIL TO charismokola @yahoo.com SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...