President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated former President, General Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida on his 78th birthday. A statement issued in Abuja on Saturday by Garba Shehu,Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media and Publicity), quoted Buhari as saying in  a message to the former military president as saying: “On behalf of the Federal Executive Council, my family and all Nigerians, please accept my warm felicitations on your 78th birthday. “On this special day of your life, the reminiscences of your courage and invaluable service to the army in protecting the sovereignty of the country come to the fore. Thank you for the role of statesman you are playing in the affairs of the nation. “As you age gracefully, the country will continue to look up to you for guidance and wisdom. May Allah continue to increase your health and grant you the strength to give your best to your family and the nation.” Kogi guber: Ata Igala confers chieftaincy title on former… Ekweremadu escapes IPOB members attack in Germany Adhere to professional ethics, medical practitioners advised Anambra 2021: PPA collapses structure to PDP In a related development, the national leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), on behalf of the members of the party, congratulated the former Military President. A statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, the party’s National Publicity Secretary said the PDP  holds Gen. Babangida in great esteem as a patriotic, fearless and detribalized leader, who has dedicated his life for the unity, stability and development of our dear nation. It noted that Babangida is celebrated for his many legacies while in office as well as his steadfastness and exceptional commitment towards national cohesion, tolerance and peaceful coexistence in our country. “Indeed, from this great Nigerian flows an enduring lesson in selfless service. His life epitomizes the true virtue of statesmanship and the fact that one can indeed climb to the very top and yet remain humble and accessible,” the statement said. The PDP therefore joined family members, friends, associates and well-wishers in “rolling out the drums in celebration of this outstanding leader, while praying God to continue to bless him with many more years of good health and sound mind so that our nation will continue to benefit from his wealth of experience for the good of all.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...