The coalition agreement entered into last year preparatory to the re-run of governorship election in Osun State between the Social Democratic Party (SDP) and All Progressives Alliance (APC), is unshakeable, the ruling party chairman in the state, Prince Gboyega Famodun, has said. According to him, “the misinformation spreading like a wild fire that the coalition between APC, the ruling party in Osun State and the SDP, has hit the rocks is not true, rather, it is the handiwork of mischief makers. Famodun, who made the disclosure in a statement through his media consultant, Kola Olabisi, in Osogbo said the APC under his watch was not contemplating promotion of any strained dealings in the coalition, hence, he urged people in the state to disregard such nation, saying, there was no basis for such severed relationship. He also urged media managers to desist from spreading mere rumour which could only fuel disaffection among the members of the coalition. “The APC is a political party with conscience which will never forget its benefactor that came to its aid at the period that could never be forgotten in the political history of Osun State,” Famodun said. He charged those who who he said “have been rejoicing over the misinformation” to look elsewhere for the place to trade in their mischief by investing gainfully their time “since this rumour has refused to fly.” Deji of Akure commends Akeredolu on development initiatives Ekiti Commissioner heads RMAFC revenue allocation committee Presidential poll: Atiku, PDP file final written addresses… N-Power beneficiaries appeal to FG for timely payment of… “Tell it to the world that there is no iota of truth in the misinformation being peddled by some disgruntled members of the public that there is a crack in the Osun APC/SDP coalition. “No matter its size, there is no hitch in the Osun APC/SDP coalition. There is no reason for it and we are not contemplating any break in the political amity. “Those who are worried over the rumour should not have a sleepless night over it as it is mere tissues of lies and deliberate which should be disregarded in its entirety, Famodun said. The state party chairman said there was nothing absolutely to gain by putting spanners in the smooth relationship of the APC/SDP coalition which has come to stay for good. It will be recalled that towards the build up to the re-run governorship election in Osun State last year, Senator Iyiola Omisore, who came third in the election as the candidate of SDP, became a rallying point for both the APC and PDP, who needed his support to win election and produce a governor in the state. In the wake of negotiations, Senator Omisore, who only built his party SDP for three months to contest the governorship election to emerge third, said after due consultation with his party leaders and stakeholders in the said, he decided to entered into a coalition agreement with the APC, which later Mr Gboyega Oyetola winning the election to emerge governor of Osun State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...