PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has observed that his administration’s investment in infrastructures like rails, roads, bridges and waterways have started yielding positive results with tangible evidence for all to see. He made the observation on Wednesday at the commissioning of the reconstructed Shinkafi-Yandaki-Gafiya-Abdallawa-Dankaba road in Katsina, as part of activities during his visit to the state, the President said the special attention given to infrastructure by his administration will be intensified since the investments had been justified with more people benefiting. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), quoted the President as saying: “Infrastructure is vital to economic development. As you are aware, this administration has given special attention to the infrastructural transformation of our country. “This is in consonance with the change philosophy of the administration. Such projects and programs form part of our contribution to national development which is tangible for all to see.” ALSO READ:  Met Police officer, Khafi Kareem, faces sack for appearing on #BBNaija without permission BREAKING: El-Zakzaky frustrating doctors, prefers to stay in… BREAKING: Buhari suspends Obono-Obla over corruption… ICYMI: Army deploys four mine-resistant vehicles for… I won’t let you down, Senator Oriolowo assures… He commended the strategy by Governor Aminu Bello Masari’s administration to make roads motorable throughout the year for citizens, adding “we all know that the economy of Katsina State is agrarian. Our wealth is farming and livestock rearing. Hence the need to open it up through and across all communities so as to maximally tap the abundant agricultural and livestock resources the state is endowed with.” In his remark, Governor Masari said the government “had all along been mindful of the need for infrastructural development across the nooks and crannies of the state.’’ He said the decision had “efficiently and effectively facilitated smooth movement of people, goods and services on trade and commerce, not only within Katsina State but across other neighbouring states.’’ The governor noted that the economy of the state and wellbeing of the people had improved with the focus on infrastructure. The statement said President Buhari will commission more projects in the state on Thursday. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...