Oyo State governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde has nominated Seun Fakorede, a 27-year-old Engineering graduate from Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife, Osun State, as one of the three commissioner nominees for screening by the state House of Assembly. Fakorede, who hails from Idere area of Ibarapa Central local government, bagged a Civil Engineering degree from OAU in 2016 and currently runs an entrepreneur and consultancy outfit, and a non-profit outfit, Home Advantage Africa (HAA). HAA is devoted to promoting local dominance and global stardom in Africa through digital storytelling and other projects of similar ilk. ALSO READ: Congestion: Oyo plans new satellite towns Two other commissioner nominees’ whose names are currently before the Oyo State House of Assembly are; Alhaja Faosat Joke Sunni from Iseyin local government and Professor Raphael Afonja from Ogbomoso North local government. Princeton College girls win 2019 African Regional… Centre for Black Culture holds annual Ulli Beier lecture,… Kogi: Aspirant tells APC to conduct fair primary Sanwo-Olu swears in nine permanent secretaries Though the State Assembly is currently on recess and is expected to resume on September 15, sources informed that the three commissioner nominees will be screened on Wednesday. Expectations are rife that Fakorede could be deployed to the ministry of youth and sports, and possibly become the youngest to man the ministry. The permutations on Fakorede’s age specifically has been hinged on the promise of Governor Makinde to the youths of the state that he will appoint an under 40 years to head the ministry. When the 14 names of the first batch of Commissioners that were sworn-in last week was sent to the lawmakers for screening, there were high hopes that that Barrister Seun Asamu, another 32 years old candidate who had since been deployed to the Ministry of Energy would be deployed to the ministry. It would be recalled that Governor Makinde during an interaction with the youth wing of the party shortly before the March 9 election promised to appoint a youth who will be 30-year-old as commissioner for youth in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...