Unknown gun wilding men on Friday morning struck at Dutze Alhaji, a suburb of Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory’ FCT, and whisked away the National Chairman of Action Alliance (AA), Chief Kenneth Udeze to an unknown destination. Informed Police and family sources told  Tribune Online that the victim was tricked to the spot where he was abducted with  bank alerts which indicated that a huge amount of withdrawals  he did not authorized had been made  in his account domiciled with the Zenith Bank branch in Dutse Alhaji, It was gathered that trouble started when Chief Udeze reportedly received the bank alerts of the heavy withdrawals and sensing trouble he quickly rushed to the bank to find out was going on only for him to walk straight into waiting hands of his abductors. One of the sources revealed that on sighting the victim in company of his driver, the abductors armed to the teeth smartly ushered him into a waiting  black SUV and zoomed off to an unknown destination. ALSO READ: Task Force nabs 123 Jigawa indigenes as they landed in Lagos One the sources, however, raise the alarm that the abduction might be unconnected with recent political developments in Imo  state over the last governorship election in the state Toyota to build vehicle assembly plants in Ghana, Ivory… Buhari ready to fight corruption, insecurity, says Police… Bauchi gov, Bala Mohammed sacks political aide Task Force nabs 123 Jigawa indigenes as they landed in Lagos When contacted the Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, of the FCT Police Command, DSP Anjuguri Manzah confirmed the story, saying that the Command has launched a massive manhunt for the abductors. While assuring that the Command would go to any length to track down those behind the dastardly act, Manzah appealed to the members of the public with useful important information about the criminals to assist the Command with such information which he promised would be treated as confidential This came just as the Coalition of Opposition Political Parties under the Coalition of United Political Parties, CUPP, raised the alarm over the safety of Chief Udeze, a member of the Coalition. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja yesterday by Comrade Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere, the Spokesperson of the Coalition, demanded the immediate release of the victim and the probe of some political actors in Imo state over the incident. According to him, “we are genuinely worried over the safety and wellbeing of  Udeze knowing that for politicians to get desperate enough to the extent of kidnapping political opponents then urgent action from the Police and all other security forces backed by the prayers of Nigerians can be the only saving grace of Mr Udeze “We demand the immediate release of Mr Kenneth Udeze from captivity and call on all security agencies in Nigeria to swing into action and secure his release from his kidnappers “We also demand the Sen. Rochas Okorocha and Uche Nwosu cross-check with their thugs and direct the immediate release of Mr Udeze before the long arm of the law catches up with them. We warn that nothing untoward should happen to Mr Kenneth Udeze. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...