KANO State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje has donated N15 million to 3,170 Kano indigenes who participated in the 2019 Hajj in Saudi Arabia. The move, according to the Governor, is in a bid to ensure the pilgrims have a pleasant stay and safely return to their homeland. Announcing the development to the Pilgrims, Executive Secretary of Kano Pilgrims Welfare Board, Alhaji Muhammad Abba Danbatta, said each pilgrim would get at least, 50SR which is equivalent to N5,000. ALSO READ: With improved health services, medical treatment abroad will reduce ― Buhari Ekiti Commissioner heads RMAFC revenue allocation committee Presidential poll: Atiku, PDP file final written addresses… N-Power beneficiaries appeal to FG for timely payment of… I’ll ensure quality, affordable education in Osun ― Oyetola The Kano Pilgrims Welfare Board boss enjoined the pilgrims to desist from embarking on the journey back home with items banned by the Airlines and Saudi Authorities. Alhaji Danbatta expressed delight at the pilgrim’s ever-readiness to follow rules and regulations of the Saudi Government and prays that the Almighty accepts their acts of worship in the holy land. Abba noted that the airlift of the pilgrims would commence in earnest. Meanwhile, Kano State Pilgrims who performed the 2019 Hajj have expressed their joy at the gesture by the governor. According to one of the beneficiaries, Ibrahim Ayyuba, the provision of suitable accommodation, balanced meals and high-class transportation system to various sacred sites in both Mecca and Medina by the government is commendable. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...