THE Office of the Head of Civil Service of the Federation has distanced itself from the purported resignation of Mrs Winifred Oyo-Ita as Head of Civil Service of the Federation. Director, Press, HOS Office, Mr Olawunmi Ogunmosule, told Tribune Online on Monday in Abuja that she was not aware of any resignation letter from the Head of Service to President. An online news medium had reported that Oyo-Ita, has offered to immediately proceed on retirement in a letter to President Muhammadu Buhari. The embattled Head of Service is being investigated by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) over alleged N3 billion contract scam. Princeton College girls win 2019 African Regional… Centre for Black Culture holds annual Ulli Beier lecture,… Kogi: Aspirant tells APC to conduct fair primary Sanwo-Olu swears in nine permanent secretaries ALSO READ: EFCC arraigns businesswoman over alleged N22.9bn fraud There have been unconfirmed reports that Oyo-Ita has been under pressure from her immediate family to retire after news reports emerged that she was being probed over an alleged N3 billion contract scam. The Head of Service has denied any involvement in the alleged scam. Ogunmosule, when contacted said there was no such resignation letter from Oyo-Ita, saying if the Head of Service wants to resign from office, it would not be a hidden thing. She said: “Please, ignore the story. I’m not aware of any such letter of resignation to the President. If there is anything like that we would have made it public by releasing a statement. So, it is not true that she has resigned.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...