The Acting Head of Local Government Administration, Aare Latoosa Local Council Development Area (LCDA), Comrade (Mrs)Opabunmi Romoke has sued for peace over the controversy on Bodija Market Iyaloja Chieftaincy title. Mrs. Opabunmi made this plea at the enlarged emergency Peace and Security meeting held at the Council Secretariat recently. The Head of the Council in a statement signed by Mrs. Yetunde Oladepo-Fadipe, head, information unit of the LCDA, urged both parties to embrace and maintain peace and orderliness within the Market and environs. ALSO READ: 10 Nigerians win N50m in the Better Life Billionaire Promo She further stated that all documents retrieved from the two parties contending the Chieftaincy title shall be forwarded to the Ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Matters, being the appropriate Authority and Organ of the State Government in charge of matters relating to Chieftaincy affairs for prompt intervention. Makinde swears in 27-year-old Fakorede, 2 others as… Beware of fraudulent loan offers, CBN warns Buhari greets Olubadan of Ibadan at 91 Presidential poll: Tribunal slates Sept 13 to decide Buhari,… The Council boss, however, emphasized that market-related issues are under direct control and management of Local Government in accordance with the provision of enabling laws of the Nigeria Constitution. She, therefore, urged them to remain calm while further resolutions will be communicated to them as may be directed by the Ministry. The Bodija Market DPO, A.A Mustapha urged both parties to sheath their swords and go back to the Palace for an amicable resolution of the matters as peace and orderliness should be Paramount to forestall the reoccurrence of last week clash. Mrs. Opabunmi further charged all and sundry within the LCDA in particular and Oyo State, in general, to allow peace as a vehicle for sustainable development in the State. Present at the meeting were Heads of Department, Community/ Religious leaders, Security Agents and Market Apex Leaders across the LG Areas. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...