THE Coalition of Civil Society Networks on HIV/AIDS in Nigeria (COCSNHIN) has promised to partner the Joint UN Programmes on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) to attain a zero HIV level in the country. Ms Assumpta Reginald, second Co-chairman of the society, said this in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Abuja. Reginald who congratulated UNAIDS on the appointment of a new Executive Director; Winnie Byanyima, expressed confidence in her personality, her experience and commitment to ending AIDS in Nigeria and globally. ALSO READ: El-Zakzaky not expelled from ABU ― IMN Forum “We have no doubt that her coming at a time like this will make the attainment of the UNAIDS global target a reality,” she said. Gombe, Bangladesh explore areas of partnership in trade,… Ohanaeze calls for thorough investigation into Enugu… Name those who gave you N13m, APC challenges Wadume We will deliver our mandate — Tijjani Aliyu The official described the coming on board of the new executive director of UNAIDS was heartwarming and reassuring. She hoped that the plight of women and children living with HIV will further receive more attention under the watch of the new executive director. According to Reginald, the achievements of Byanyima in her previous assignments show that she is a champion of social justice and one who is totally committed to ending the sufferings of people with different forms and levels of vulnerabilities. She also commended the Country Director of UNAIDS, Dr Erasmus Morah, for giving enormous support to civil societies in indicating Nigeria’s HIV response. She explained that it was on record that in his time, the civil society voice was not only heard but made giant strides in the areas of community monitoring, patients’ education, care and support leveraging on IT technology. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...