The number of Nigerian pilgrims that died while performing the 2019 Hajj in Saudi Arabia has risen to nine, the chairman, National Hajj Commission of Nigeria (NAHCON), Dr Ibrahim Kana, has announced. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Kana made the announcement in Muna, while briefing journalists on the activities of the medical team of NAHCON for the pilgrims. Kana recalled had one of the deceased, from Lagos State died. “The deceased, a Lagos State pilgrim, collapsed at Jamrat and now brought to the hospital in Muna, but died, she was hypertensive,” Kana said. Speaking to a correspondent of NAN in Muna, on the issue earlier, the Lagos state Amir Hajj, Alhaji AbdulLateef Abdulkarim, had identified the deceased as Alhaja Folashade Lawal. He said that Lawal hailed from Oshodi Local Government Area of the state, noting that she slumped at 3 :00 a. m. while heading to Jamrat to throw a stone at the devil. Throwing a stone at the three devils is one of the Islamic rites towards acceptable hajj. Tribune NUJ commends Seyi Makinde over Moses Alao’s… Do not select moneybags as my successor, Awujale tells… One killed, seven injured as police attempt to arrest… I’ll appoint an expert as agriculture minister ― Buhari The chairman of the team said that the commission opened 21 field offices in Muna with adequate drugs and ambulances. ALSO READ: Fifty female entrepreneurs get N5 million empowerment in Nembe Kana, who said that well- trained medical personnel were on the ground to attend to pilgrims, identified cough and hypertension as some of the health challenges presented by patients. Meanwhile, Nigerian pilgrims have begun aggressive buying and selling after Arafat and Eid el- Kabir. NAN correspondent, who visited Nigerian camp in Muna reported that many pilgrims, mostly women, were seen buying women wears and other gift items, they claimed were meant for their families and friends at home. Others, however, devoted their time to accomplishing the remaining rites such as stone throw at the three devils and special prayer. Pilgrims who spent three days to accomplish religious rites in Muna were expected to move to the Grand Mosque, Makkah, on Tuesday (today) to complete the remaining rite to ensure an acceptable hajj. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...