President Muhammadu Buhari has charged the military to be more decisive in restoring peace to the country, particularly states troubled by bandits, ordering them “not to spare bandits’’ that have been killing, maiming and extorting innocent citizens. Addressing 15 officers and 160 soldiers of the 17th Army Brigade and Nigerian Air Force 213 Operational Base at the Umaru Musa Yar’Adua Airport, on Saturday in Katsina,  Katsina State, he said: “This group was formed by the military to secure the geo-political zone from the activities of bandits. Fundamentally, it is your responsibility to secure the country. “As the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, I believe you are capable of doing it. I don’t think you should spare any bandit. Identify and eliminate them. Pursue them anywhere you can find them and eliminate them.” “Nigeria deserves peace. The rainy season is good and we are already achieving food security, but we need peace. The money saved from food importation will be used to purchase arms for operations,’’ he said. A statement issued Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), said the Kogi guber: Ata Igala confers chieftaincy title on former… Ekweremadu escapes IPOB members attack in Germany Adhere to professional ethics, medical practitioners advised Anambra 2021: PPA collapses structure to PDP President, flanked by Governor Aminu Bello Masari, assured the troops under the “Operation Hadarin Daji’’, President Buhari, said that the Federal Government will provide all the necessary support for the restoration of peace in the country. “We will give you all the right equipment so that you can deal with them with despatch. I appreciate all your efforts but you can do more. I don’t want any bandit spared,’’ he added. ALSO READ: Flood disaster: Bauchi govt orders opening of blocked drainages President Buhari said the government and all officials were being sustained in office by the ordinary people, and they owe the people a duty to protect their lives and property. “Please give my regards to your families. The earlier you finish with the bandits, the earlier you will return and stay with your families,’’ he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...