The people of Ohaukwu south constituency of Ebonyi State has charged their lawmaker to attract government intervention in tackling challenges affecting development in their constituency. They made the call in a meeting held at Amaofia town hall in Ohaukwu local government area, which was the first meeting to be organised by the lawmaker representing them at the State House of Assembly Hon. Chinedu Onah, with the support of International Republican Institute (IRI) on Tuesday. The lawmaker engaged vigilante groups, community leaders, market women, market heads, people living with disability, political leaders, youths organisations and other groups from the area at the meeting. Representatives of the eight wards who lamented over lack of teachers and conducive environment for learning in the primary and secondary schools, also highlighted other challenges to include high level of insecurity, poor road network, lack of potable water, and electrification. Other challenges facing the area include lack of healthcare facilities and staff’s in their health centres. The group, however, urged the lawmaker to use his good office and attract the attention of the state government to bring lasting peace between their people and Agila of Benue State that has been at war for years. LSEB, NCDMB train 50 participants on practical technical… DSS, INEC seek legislation against fake news Osun election tribunal set to deliver judgment in three… Jumia to host NBA star, Andre Iguodala’s interactive… ALSO READ: Mother of girl beaten to death arrested in Ondo They also asked that the lawmaker to use his good offices to also call on the government to rehabilitate NigerCem, provide potable water, rehabilitate all health centres in their area, create more youths empowerment and skill acquisition centre. However, representatives of the people living with disabilities, Mrs. Benedict Okey, pleaded with the lawmaker to use his offices and remind the state government that there is need to include the disabled persons in political appointments, empowerment and decision making. ”I am a blind widow, but I voted during the election but it hurt me always when I suffer and vote for a leader and immediately he won, he will forget us. Please, include us in decision making, tell the government to appoints us, empower us we are still human beings, it is not only during the election that we should be remembered,” she said. Reacting to the demands of his people, Hon. Chinedu Onah who promised to attract needful developmental projects in the area, charged his constituents to shun cultism, crises and every other related vices that would hinder development in their area. He said he will try every efforts to tackle all ill maltreatment of children in primary and secondary schools, safeguard the health facilities already provided by the government, and make it functional. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...