Gov AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara has called on Nigerian youths to shun drug abuse and other vices that could hinder them from realising their lifetime ambitions. AbdulRazaq made the call on Wednesday when he received members of the state chapter of Scouts’ Association of Nigeria (SAN), led by its Commissioner, Deacon Olabisi Afolayinka, at the Government House, Ilorin. The governor, who recalled, with nostalgia, his days as a scout boy in Capital School, Kaduna, said that the organisation had contributed immensely to nurturing youths to become good citizens and contribute to the development of the country. “This is an association that prepares youths on how to be good citizens and how to relate with their fellow countrymen. ALSO READ: Let’s redouble our efforts, Lai Mohammed charges staff members “These are virtues that the youth of today should maintain. In our own days as youths, there were no rampant cases of drug abuse,” he said. Buhari, APC have fooled Nigerians,  Secondus says NIS begins e-registration of migrants in Ogun DPR seals gas plant over illegal operations in Ogun, arrest… $9bn damage against Nigeria in British court: FG to deal… The governor urged the youth to use their energy for productive ventures and join the organisation to make positive contributions to society. AbdulRazaq, who was made the organisation’s Ambassador of Peace, promised to live up to expectations by giving necessary support to the body through relevant government agencies. Earlier in his remarks, Afolayanka said that the constitution of the body automatically made the governor of any state its patron and the president grand patron. He commended AbdulRazaq for the audience granted the association, saying that this was the first time any governor would be hosting them in the state in the last 21 years. Afolayanka said that the association was founded to build young boys and girls to make useful contributions to the country. The SAN commissioner noted that cultism and other vices were not rampant in schools in the past when the scouts held sway. He urged the governor to continue to support the association for effective discharge of its responsibilities in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...