A 45-year-old oil dealer, Ayoola David, who allegedly obtained N 94.1 million under the pretext of supplying Automotive Gas Oil (AGO), was on Wednesday docked before an Igbosere Magistrates’ Court, Lagos. David, a resident of Asiri Brown Akufa Street, Aguda, Surulere area of Lagos, is facing trial on a three-count charge of conspiracy, fraud and stealing. The Prosecutor, Insp. Jimoh Joseph told the court that the defendant and others still at large, conspired and committed the offences on Feb. 12, 2014, at No. 33, Greek Road, Ibru House, Apapa in Lagos. ALSO READ: Gov Yahaya launches campaign to reduce out-of-school children in Gombe “The defendant obtained the sum of N94.1 million from the complainant, Basil Orduh, under the guise of supplying 30,000 metric tons of AGO to him, but failed to do so. “The defendant converted the money to his own use,” Joseph told the court. Police arrest two suspects who allegedly gang-raped lady in… Man, 20, to spend 2 years in correctional home for stealing Court sentences apprentice to three months in prison for… Pharmacist, 63, faces N8m car theft charge According to the prosecutor, the offences contravened Sections 287, 314 (a) (3) and 411 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. Section 287 provides three years imprisonment as punishment for stealing, while Section 314 (3) provides 15 years imprisonment as punishment for obtaining by false pretences. Also, while Section 411 provides two years imprisonment as punishment for conspiracy. However, the defendant pleaded not guilty to the charges. The Magistrate, Mr O. A. Alogba, granted him bail of N1 million with two sureties in like sum. Alogba said that the sureties must show evidence of tax payment to the Lagos State Government and also show evidence of means of livelihood. The case was adjourned until Oct. 8 for mention. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...