The Universal Basic Education Commission (UBEC) has earmarked N2.7 billion to enhance the learning environment and uplift the quality of education in some selected primary schools across the country, this year. The commission’s Director of Social Mobilisation, Alhaji Bello Kagara, made this known at the opening of a two-day Media Dialogue on School-Based Management Committee meeting held in Kano, Kano State, on Tuesday. The Media Dialogue on School-Based Management Committee meeting was organised by the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF). ALSO READ: UniJos seeks funds for clinical trials of world’s first anti-snake venom vaccine Suspected bandits kill three, abduct 18 in Kaduna LASG takes responsibility of medical bills of Ikorodu… Brain-dead woman gives birth to baby girl WHO appoints wife of Niger gov as expert on cervical cancer According to Kagara, the fund is to be used in the rehabilitation of about 2,505 primary schools that have already been identified by the commission across the country. He said that each of the benefitting schools would receive 75 per cent payment of the total amount allocated to it from “the disbursement of the fund which will commence very soon.” Kagara, who presented a paper entitled, “Overview of SBMC/Community Engagement Strategy”, noted that the commission expected the SBMCs to mobilize towards strengthening community participation in the school improvement programme. He said that stakeholders in the education sector from all communities should come together to ensure quality assurance and enrollment in schools, especially on girl-child education. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the meeting drew media practitioners and educationists from Ministry of Education and State Universal Education Boards from the six Girl-child Education Project (GEP) benefitting states of Kano, Katsina, Sokoto, Niger, Bauchi and Zamfara. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...