FLOOD caused by a heavy downpour on Monday killed six persons including a pregnant woman in Kirikasamma and Kafinhausa local government areas in Jigawa state and about 1000 families displaced. Reports from the state indicated that hundreds of the flood victims were taking refuge in schools while several squatting with their relatives in the affected local government areas of the state. Confirming the incident, the Executive Secretary of the Jigawa State Emergency Management Agency, Alhaji Sani Yusif said: “Kirikasamma, Kafin Hausa, Guri, and Kaugama, Miga, Dutse and Birninkudu local government areas where affected. ALSO READ: Yobe Governor calls for monitoring, sensitisation on vaccines BREAKING: Deputy governor escapes death as robbers kill 3… Nigerians rank fifth among African students in Germany #EndSARS: [VIRAL VIDEO] SARS operatives shoot dead suspected… 12th African Games: Nigerian beach volleyballers lose to… According to him, “a pregnant woman Halima Manu and two of her children, a four-year-old Aisha Manu and a two-year-old Dauda Manu were killed after their mud house collapsed on them.” Alhaji Sani Yusif added that a couple in Madici village of Kirikasamma local government were also killed, while in Kafin Hausa local government, another couple was affected, although the husband is responding to treatment while the wife died. Meanwhile, in Waza village of Birninkudu local government, a bridge has collapsed and thousands of hectres of farmland had been destroyed by the flood. The state deputy governor, Alhaji Umar Namadi had paid them a condolence visit promised government prompt actions. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...