Sifax Group, a conglomerate with interest in maritime, oil & gas, aviation, haulage and logistics have announced a five-year strategic plan in its quest for future development. This is even as the company disclosed that it has placed orders for four more harbour cranes at 4.5m Euro each to complement its existing five harbour cranes at the seaports. Addressing journalists on Tuesday in Lagos during a Mid-Year briefing, the Group Managing Director, Mr. Adekunle Abdulrazak Oyinloye explained that the five-year strategic plan was critical to the increased numbers of bonded terminals that the company currently has. According to Mr. Oyinloye, “aside the increased numbers of bonded terminals, more hands have come onboard to join the Sifax Group project under the five-year strategic plan. “The plan is, what do we want to be in five years time? It is on account of this that we also veered into the financial services sector with Sky Capital Financing Limited to primarily support the Sifax Group project. “We are also investing in new equipment to make cargo handling more seamless at the ports. Very soon, four more harbour cranes will be arriving to complement the existing five at Port & Cargo Handling Services (P&CHS). Each harbour cranes cost averagely €4.5m.” ALSO READ: We got N109 billion in 2018 for intervention in basic education ― UBEC Imperial Logistics increases stake in UACN’s… Zenith Bank appoints Henry Oroh Executive Director,… World Bank, AfDB blacklist another 31 firms in Nigeria UPDATE: FG to unbundle TCN as power sector receives fresh… He also informed that the Sifax Group is looking at investing in the hospitality business, with a five-star hotel soon to berth in the Ikeja area of Lagos by the first quarter of 2020. Speaking on some of the challenges faced by the company despite huge investment within the port area, Oyinloye explained that, “our major challenge still remains access road to the port, and we wish the road repair work can be hastened up. “The access road has slowed down activities at the ports. Also in the first half of the year, the labour unrest at the ports that led to a three-day shut down didn’t help our cause either. “The congestion at the ports in the early part of the year was because of the bad state of the access roads and the labour unrest. If cleared, cargoes cannot exit the ports due to bad state of the access roads, newer ones will find it difficult to come in. Port operations are premised on space. “We will also wish that government can think beyond the road to link the Tin-Can island port by rail.” Also speaking during the Mid-Year briefing, the Managing Director of P&CHS, Mr. John Jenkins explained that the company handled 275teus less of cargoes compared to what was handled in 2018. In his words: “Due to the congestion suffered in the early part of the year, we are currently short of 275teus of cargoes compared to what we handled by Mid-Year of 2018. “On empty containers, which is obviously a challenge, we ship between 3000 to 4000teus of empty containers on a weekly basis. The state of the roads is very challenging for the containers to go out or come back in.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...