Senator Adelere Adeyemi Oriolowo has reassured the people of the constituents of his readiness to make a good representation in Osun West Senatorial district. He also said he will use his position in the ninth National Assembly to attract more developmental projects to the senatorial district. Senator Oriolowo stated this during an interactive session with the people of his constituency in Iwo, which was held in Iwo on Tuesday. Speaking at the interactive session, Senator Oriolowo assured the people of his continued efforts to attract more developmental and people-oriented projects, not only to Iwo town but to the entire senatorial districts in Osun West. He revealed that the Federal Government will soon mobilise contractors to Iwo-Osogbo road and other notable roads in the senatorial district that need attention. BREAKING: El-Zakzaky frustrating doctors, prefers to stay in… BREAKING: Buhari suspends Obono-Obla over corruption… ICYMI: Army deploys four mine-resistant vehicles for… Kogi governorship poll: Traditional rulers are apolitical ―… He said, “I have held a meeting with the federal ministry of works and other relevant agencies concerned and was reassured that the road will be given consideration. ALSO READ: Access Bank introduces loan for smartphone purchase “Let me also assure you that the issue of the vocational centre will be given priority, we have already commenced work on the establishment of another Technical College in Iwo in addition to the one we have in Ede. “A microfinance bank will also be established to cater for the needs of our farmers, okada riders, market women and men and other petty traders, they will be able to access a soft loan which is going to be interest-free.” He, however, appealed to the people of the town not to be involved in politics of opposition and bitterness, saying the town and the entire region has a lot to benefit from the APC-led Federal Government at the centre. Among those at the programme are the representatives of the student union in the zones, traditional rulers, market leaders, youths representatives, artisans, people living with disabilities, NURTW members, okada riders association members among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...