I NVESTIGATIONS have revealed that many vessels waiting to discharge their contents at Nigerian ports, like M/V Hammonia America, are being diverted to neighbouring ports like the Cotonou port under local congestion claims. It would be recalled that CMA-CGM recently issued a statement informing Nigerian importers that a vessel, M/V Hammonia America carrying cargoes destined for Tin-Can Island Port in Apapa, Lagos has left for Cotonou port to discharge her cargoes due to congestion issues at Tin-Can port. The statement reads, “Please be informed that our partner’s vessel, M/V Hammonia America on voyage 0MS3OE1MA has been delayed due to local port congestion at Tin-Can port. Hence, the vessel had to omit Tin-Can port and all Tin-Can shipments have been discharged at Cotonou in Transshipment. We offer apologies for any inconveniences caused by this unforeseen circumstance beyond our control but will keep you informed on your shipment’s evacuation plans.” Speaking on the development, President of the National Council of Managing Directors of Licensed Customs Agents (NCMDLCA), Lucky Amiwero warned that such diversion of vessels like that of  M/V Hammonia America and others are strengthening neighbouring ports at the detriment of Nigerian ports. 30 illegal jetties, 1,121 rickety boats ply Lagos waterways… Importers to pay more if Lagos-Ibadan road closure becomes… Untrained freight forwarders to stop entering ports by 2021… SIFAX Group wins Next Bulls award According to Lucky Amiwero, “CMA-CGM does not have any right to issue such statement. Cotonou port is already a hub, which is not too good for Nigerian ports. When such diversion like that of M/V Hammonia America happens, what it implies is that all the freight component onboard the vessel has been transferred to Cotonou port, further strengthening that port against our own ports. “With M/V Hammonia America, Niger has lost her freight components because all the cargoes onboard her which belongs to Nigerian importers have been discharged at Cotonou port. “If M/V Hammonia America had discharged at Tin-Can port, the Nigerian Customs Service (NCS), the terminal operator, clearing agent and truckers here in Nigeria would have benefited from the freight component of the vessel. But she was diverted to Cotonou under local congestion claims, thereby taking all her freight components away from Nigeria. “I disagree with the argument that M/V Hammonia America was diverted to Cotonou because of local congestion at Tin-Can port. Where is the congestion? There are no congestion at Tin-an ports. These shipping companies are diverting vessels to Cotonou ports because that place is now a hub in the West African sub-region. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...