According to the World Bank, over 80million Nigerian citizens, most of who dwell in rural communities, do not have access to electricity. Poor electricity supply has stunted the economic growth of the nation, locked up the creativity of the people and escalated poverty and hardship of the citizens. To address this, the current administration under President Muhammadu Buhari, has emplaced rural electrification as one of the major planks of its plan to ensure stable supply of electricity in the country. To achieve its goal, the current administration has empowered, encouraged and funded the Rural Electrification Agency (REA) to provide access to reliable electricity for rural dwellers irrespective of where they live and what they do. The agency has taken this mandate seriously moving at full throttle to actualise the Federal Government’s vision. In continuation of its objective of promoting rural electrification in the country, the REA’s train birthed in Upake in Ajaokuta Local Government of Kogi State last week to change the narrative in the ancient community, that had been subjected to electricity neglect for decades, with the commissioning of an 80 KW solar hybrid mini grid power plant. The solar hybrid mini power plant, the brainchild of REA, will ensure the provision of safe and reliable electricity to 496 residential and commercial buildings with over 2900 people. The project, executed by New Moon Nigeria Ltd, would facilitate uninterrupted electricity supply to Upake community. The project commissioning was of great significance as Upake community is one of the 12 communities to benefit from the first set of grants under the Rural Electrification Fund (REF), a Rural Electrification Agency initiative. The first call of the REF will deploy 19,000 Solar Home Systems (SHS). The REF is designed to provide equitable access to electricity across Nigeria to maximise the economic, social and environmental benefits of rural electrification grants, promote off-grid electrification, and stimulate innovative approaches to rural electrification. REF projects are administered using a Public Private Partnership (PPP) model. While speaking at the event, Kogi State governor, Yahaya Bello, who was represented by the Secretary to the State Government, Dr (Mrs) Folashade Ayoade, expressed his delight at the Federal Government’s initiative of electrifying un-served communities across the country which one of the communities in the state was a beneficiary. He said, “It is with great pride that Kogi State has collaborated with the Federal Government through the Rural Electrification Agency and the private sector to implement this impressive project that will ensure clean, safe and reliable electricity for the entire Upake and its neighbouring community, Obangede.” Speaking about the benefits of clean energy, the governor said, “The use of clean energy technologies in the quest to provide electricity is an added advantage to rural communities, which have been accustomed to using generators, candles, kerosene lamps and other unsafe energy sources over time. With clean energy sources, such as this solar mini grid, the health and environmental wellbeing of our people will be safeguarded.” The governor stressed that the benefits of clean and safe electricity go beyond improvement in health and the environment, adding that with the mini grid, the people of Upake community could grow their businesses and create more jobs. “After all, an electrified community and state means investment opportunities for the private sector. Therefore, Kogi State is open for investment and business opportunities. We welcome industrialisation in agriculture, fishing, steel manufacturing and other industries in our state. And it all starts here in Upake as reliable electricity will certainly begin a chain reaction from rural community to the state level and onwards to the national stage.” He commended the Federal Government and the REA, assuring them that the people of Kogi State, would do their utmost to support the project with a view to ensuring its success and sustainability. In her remarks, the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of the Rural Electrification Agency, Mrs Damilola Ogunbiyi, reiterated the commitment of the Buhari-led administration to fulfilling its promise of increasing access to electricity for Nigerians. According to her, with the commissioning of the mini grid, more families and businesses in Upake, would have access to clean, sustainable and reliable electricity from the sun. She added, “Without doubt, the solar hybrid power project being commissioned today would enhance productivity and provide jobs in Upake. Not only that, it would also benefit the 2,976 members of Upake community as families and businesses in Upake will have access to clean, sustainable and reliable electricity from the sun. From this project alone, 32 jobs were created. From project managers to electricians, welders, bricklayers, etc., there was significant impact across the entire project value chain. We are hopeful that the jobs created will impact not just the immediate community, but Kogi State in general.” What electricity DisCo marketers contribute to N1.4trn… Success drives PenCom to seek more as  pension assets hit… How BATN Foundation, BOA’s collaboration  is driving… EEP: FG powering varsities to stimulate growth Ogunbiyi praised the hardworking people of Upake community, particularly the women on how they had used their cassava processing skill to sustain their homes. She expressed her belief that with the positive impact of the project, quality of life would be improved and children would have better learning experiences as they would be able to read at night. “Hopefully, this project will expose the community to greater investments in the future,” she said. Ogunbiyi seized the opportunity to express gratitude to the Federal Government for its dedication to fulfilling its promise. She also thanked Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State for his support just as she thanked the community leaders, the people of Upake community as well as the developer, New Moon Nigeria Limited, for the effort put into the completion of the project. In his remarks, the lawmaker representing Kogi Central Senatorial District, Yakubu Oseni, thanked the Federal Government and the REA on behalf of members of his constituency, reiterating the benefits that they all stood to enjoy as a result of the project. He said, “Our women will be able to process their cassava in a less stressful manner and our fishermen can preserve their products now that there is reliable electricity. I believe that the quality of life in Upake community will be improved because of this project and I look forward to seeing similar projects being installed in other communities under my leadership.” Corroborating Senator Oseni, Ohinoyi of Ebira Land, Alhaji Ado Ibrahim, said electricity is a vehicle of necessity that drives the economy. According to him, “For any community to progress, basic amenities must be accessible. Electricity is a necessity that has a ripple effect on other human needs. With this solar plant facility, there will be a significant improvement in the quality of life for Upake indigenes and even the environment. It is evident that the Federal Government, under the Buhari administration, is ensuring that the basic needs of Nigerians are met. Small communities like Upake are not left out of the government’s developmental plans because as we can see, the Rural Electrification Agency is working hard to provide electricity to the often-forgotten rural communities. It is an honour that one of the communities in Ebiraland was considered viable for this laudable Federal Government initiative.” The Ananyiwa of Upake (the traditional ruler of the community), His Royal Highness, Ibrahim Okenyi Eneye, said “I stand here representing the people of our dear community. Just as you assured us of the plans to complete this project from the first day you visited us, I want to assure you that we will work with the developer to make sure that no harm will come to this project. It is our mini grid and we will protect it as our property.” Commending the Federal Government and REA’s initiative of lighting up un-served communities, Chairman, House of Representatives on Power, Hon. Aliyu Magaji, said, “Oftentimes, the focus is on densely populated areas and on-grid electricity. We are all here today, to categorically state that every corner of rural Nigeria must be energized. That is why this commissioning is of great importance. The people of Upake community are indeed blessed to be recipients of this life-changing project. The power sector is critical to every aspect of Nigeria’s economy. With electricity in our big cities or small rural communities, Nigeria can attain its full developmental capacity. Therefore, reliable electricity is a necessity for all Nigerians.” In his vote of thanks, the Executive Director of the Rural Electrification Fund, Dr. Sanusi Ohiare, an indigene of Kogi State, appreciated the Federal Government, the developer, the board and management of REA and the Upake community for their support throughout the course of the project. Commending Ogunbiyi as a shoulder that can be relied on, Sanusi said, “Your vision, your dedication and strive for excellence has brought us to where we are today as an agency. Thank you for all you do for us.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...