Several families in Ibadan on Monday thronged the Agodi Garden, the Palms Mall, cinemas and the University of Ibadan Zoological Garden to celebrate Eid-el-Kabir. The Federal Government had declared today and tomorrow as public holidays for Nigerians to celebrate the occasion. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the fun seekers of different ages were seen at the various fun spots enjoying themselves. Some were having picnics, watching animals at the zoo and hordes of others were at the two Shoprite outlets at Dugbe and Ring Road entertaining themselves. At the fun spots,  human and vehicular traffics were high as revellers besieged the centres just as police personnel in their patrol vehicles were observed at some strategic points in the metropolis. Some of the fun seekers told NAN in separate interviews that they came to unwind and have a good time. Mrs Foluke Bashir said that she came with her family to Ibadan for the festive holiday and was seizing the opportunity to take her children to some places of interest including the Agodi Garden. Bashir said that she wanted her children to know that there are also fun places in Ibadan so they could have tales to tell on returning to Lagos. “I must say that my kids are enjoying this place, we are having much more fun that surpasses the gate fee. “I think my husband is also having a good time. This is a good recreation spot for the entire family,” she said. Also, 75-year-old Mrs Mojisola Adebanjo said that she was at the Agodi Gardens with her grandchildren and was happy seeing them enjoying themselves. Adebanjo said that she was glad to be in the country at this time and having an opportunity to be around her grandchildren. “The joy of every grandparent is seeing his or her grandchildren happy. You can’t understand how happy I am. Cabinet formation: Bringing members of other parties may… Missing vehicles: Ajimobi got the facts wrong — Oyo govt Lagos nude dance: We’ll use Tekno as scapegoat — FG Buhari salutes Indimi at 72 “This place is really an interesting place to be; there are so many activities here that can engage all ages and that is making a whole lot of sense, I must say,” she said. ALSO READ: Five siblings die in fire incident in Lagos Another reveller, Mr Yinka Bakare said that he was at the garden with his wife, Afolashade, to have fun and quiet time without the kids. Bakare said that he and his wife needed to get away for a few hours without the children’s disturbance. “We came to enjoy ourselves and have adult conversations without the kids disturbing us. Sometimes, couples need this kind of setting to get some things straight. “Don’t get me wrong;  I’m not saying one can’t go out as a family. We all went out yesterday to the Mall as a family but today is just for us,” he said. NAN reports that the Agodi Gardens is a tourist attraction in Ibadan. It is also called Agodi Botanical Gardens with a serene environment on 150 acres of land. The children’s facilities in the gardens include a swimming pool with inflated balloons, grown-ups may use any of the diverse tropical trees for picnics and other social gatherings while enjoying the cool breeze. NAN also reports that the  University of Ibadan Zoological Garden was also a beehive of activities as families were seen watching the animals, taking pictures. Also,  vendors of food, snacks and children’s toys were seen making brisk sales at the entrance to the garden. The Zoological Garden at the  University of Ibadan was established over six decades ago and became a full-fledged zoo in 1974. It is mainly for conservation, education and entertainment purposes. In recent years, the zoo had undergone tremendous transformation in its drive toward international standards. The garden has now various species of animals categorised into the Avian, Herbivore, Carnivore, Reptile, Primate and small animal sections. Similarly, families, teens and young couples were at the cinemas at Ventura, and shopping malls at Ring Road and in  Dugbe to watch some movies SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...