Ahead of the September 16 resumption date for schools, the Edo chapter of the Nigeria Union of Teacher (NUT) has called on the state government to put in place necessary arrangements for the recruitment of teaching personnel in public primary and secondary schools in the state. This was contained in a communique issued at the end of its enlarged state executive council meeting and signed by the state chairman and assistant secretary-general, Pius Okhueleigbe and Moni Modesty Itua respectively as well as its affiliate unions. ALSO READ: Anambra NYSC permanent orientation camp to be ready Sept – Gov. Obiano Worried by the slide in public education in the state as a result of lack of enough teachers, Okhuleigbe and Modesty said there was a need for an urgent recruitment of staff for effective teaching and learning delivery. BREAKING: Deputy governor escapes death as robbers kill 3… Nigerians rank fifth among African students in Germany #EndSARS: [VIRAL VIDEO] SARS operatives shoot dead suspected… 12th African Games: Nigerian beach volleyballers lose to… The union said with the recent retirements of public primary and secondary schools teachers from the service, the institutions have suffered a shortage of teaching personnel. The chairman and the scribe advised teachers across the state not to attend the competency test for headteachers and prospective headteachers instituted by the chairman, State Universal Basic Education Board, (SUBEB), Dr Joan Oviawe. The duo insisted that any form of test for teacher by the board is unacceptable. They lamented that primary school heads and their teachers are still responsible for the provision of instructional materials for their schools despite SUBEB announcement of the approval of N60 million as termly subversion to the schools by governor Godwin Obaseki. While calling on the SUBEB to released the subvention for the third term to school as approved by the state government and stop the competency test, he said the union would resist any attempt to post junior officers as head of schools. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...