TWO suspected armed robbers, Tunde Lawal, 26; and Muhammad Alli, 29; were on Monday remanded in Kirikiri Prisons in Lagos over the alleged armed robbery. The Magistrate, Mrs E.O. Okpara, had ordered that the defendants be remanded because of the magnitude of the offences they committed. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the defendants, whose addresses were not provided, are facing charges of conspiracy, possession of firearms, assault and armed robbery. The Prosecutor, Sgt. Adetutu Sanusi told the court that the defendants committed the offences on March 17 at No. 19, Anifowoshe St., Ilasamaja, Lagos State. ALSO READ:  APC blames PDP for assault on Ekweremadu, says ‘opposition party… Sanusi alleged that the defendants with others now at large conspired to rob Mr Abimbola Osholaja of his valuables; and a sum of N1.5 million. Court remands farmer for allegedly stabbing colleague to… Court remands man for allegedly defiling 9-year-old daughter 33-year-old fake police officer arrested in Anambra for… 21 trailer loads of N5bn Tramadol, codeine seized in Lagos He alleged that the defendants also assaulted Osholaja by hitting a gun on his forehead which caused him injury. “They also robbed Mr Sunday Okorie of his valuables and cash sum of N1 million,’’ the prosecutor said. Sanusi said that the defendants were armed with one locally-made single barrel pistol and a live cartridge. The prosecutor said that the offences contravened Sections 411, 174, 300 and 297 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. NAN reports that the court did not take the plea of the defendants. The magistrate, however, ordered that the case file be sent to the Director of Public Prosecutions (DPPs) for legal advice. She adjourned the case until Sept 30 for mention. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...