Justice Nicholas Oweibo of a Federal High Court sitting in Lagos State, Nigeria, on Thursday, granted bail in the sum of N20 million to Abdullahi Babalele, son-in-law to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. In granting the bail, the judge held that the bail is with one surety in like sum. The judge directed that the surety must be resident in Lagos and must produce evidence of means through an affidavit. Justice Oweibo ordered Babalele to deposit his passport, which has been with the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, with the court. Tribune Online recalls that Babalele was on Wednesday arraigned by the EFCC, over alleged involvement in money laundering. Deji of Akure commends Akeredolu on development initiatives Osun APC, SDP coalition is unshakeable, says APC chair,… Ekiti Commissioner heads RMAFC revenue allocation committee Presidential poll: Atiku, PDP file final written addresses… Atiku’s son-in-law was specifically arraigned on a two-count charge of alleged money laundering. He, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge as filed against him by the anti-graft agency. The counsel to the EFCC, Rotimi Oyedepo, said  Babalele committed the offence in February 2019. Part of the charge reads “That you Abdullahi Babalele on or about the 20th day of February 2019 in Nigeria within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court procured Bashir Mohammed to make a cash payment of the sum of $140,000.00 without going through a financial institution, which sum exceeded the amount authorized by Law and you thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 18(c) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act, 2011 as amended and punishable under Section 16(2)(b) of the same Act. The second charge read: That you Abdullahi Babalele on or about the 20th day of February 2019 in Nigeria within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court, aided Bashir Mohammed to make a cash payment of the sum of $140,000. 00 without going through a financial institution, which sum exceeded the amount authorised by law and you thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 18(a) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act, 2011 as amended and punishable under Section 16(2)(b) of the same Act.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...