The Students of Federal College of Agriculture, Akure (FECA) have given the management and lecturers of the institution a  five-day ultimatum to resolve their disagreement or face their wrath. The Students’ Union President, Mr Oluwaferanmi Omotosho gave the ultimatum while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Akure. He warned that peace within the campus would no longer be guaranteed if the disagreement was not resolved by Sept. 2. ALSO READ: Alleged rape: Police grill Fatoyinbo for second day Omotosho noted that the two parties should have considered the implication of their differences on the students and resolved it amicably. He condemned the disruption of the ongoing tests, noting that some of them were at on the verge of completing their academic programme in the college. “As at now, they are not attending to our research projects; even the tests which some of us were supposed to have yesterday were disrupted. LSEB, NCDMB train 50 participants on practical technical… DSS, INEC seek legislation against fake news Osun election tribunal set to deliver judgment in three… Jumia to host NBA star, Andre Iguodala’s interactive… “Our concern is not who becomes the provost but that our second-semester examination should not be hindered. If it is obstructed, we will take control of the school and turn it into a total mess,’’ he said. According to him, the local politics being played by the two parties should not be allowed to have negative effects on the students, since they had paid for their education. Omotosho added that the students’ union had made its grievance known officially to the school authorities. “We are not touts or rascals, but we are radicals. We believe in consultations but if we are hindered from having our smooth academic calendar, we will fight back. If not for our maturity, we ought to have been on streets,” he stated. NAN reports that the Academic Staff Union of Polytechnic (ASUP), FECA chapter, had, on Monday, declared an indefinite strike over alleged unjust removal of the institution’s provost, Dr Emmanuel Moyinjesu. Comrade Abimbola Ogunyinka, the institution’s ASUP Chairman, who led the protest, said that the newly-appointed acting provost, Dr Akinyemi Fadiyimu, was fourth in the hierarchy, contrary to the rules that the most senior lecturer should be appointed into such position. NAN reports that a meeting is currently ongoing between ASUP, Agricultural Research Council of Nigeria (ARCN) and the school’s management to resolve the crisis. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...