The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Governors Forum has condemned the killing of three policemen and a civilian by men of the Nigerian Army in Taraba. The Chairman of the forum and Governor of Bayelsa State, Seriake Dickson, in a statement he issued on Monday in Abuja also condemned the killing of Mr Chimaobi Nwaogwu, a commercial motorcyclist in Abia State by a security personnel on Wednesday. Dickson described the killings as “unfortunate, sad, tragic, wicked, malicious, unprofessional and totally unacceptable” to the people of the country. “We wish to reiterate that the killings are unnecessary. It is sad that a security personnel, who is paid and maintained with tax-payers’ money, could turn around to kill the person he was paid to protect.” Dickson called on the Federal Government to redress the situation immediately as it portrayed “signs of inefficiency and irresponsibility”. “We implore the Federal Government to adequately compensate the families of victims and ensure justice is served on the culprits.” News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the police authorities had on Wednesday announced the killing of its personnel by troops on Ibi-Wukari road in Taraba. The police had alleged that the suspected kidnappers in custody of the attacked officers were released by the army troops. Cabinet formation: Bringing members of other parties may… Missing vehicles: Ajimobi got the facts wrong — Oyo govt Lagos nude dance: We’ll use Tekno as scapegoat — FG Buhari salutes Indimi at 72 Army Headquarters, in reaction, described the incident as ‘unfortunate and avoidable’ while explaining its own side of the story. ALSO READ: ATBU tragedy: NANS seeks compensation for death students The army had explained that the said army troops while responding to a distress call to rescue a kidnapped victim, exchanged fire with the suspected kidnappers on Ibi-Wukari Road in the state. The police, in a counter-reaction on Thursday, had raised a number of questions that the army authorities needed to unravel, especially the whereabouts of the arrested suspected kidnap kingpin, Alhaji Hamisu Bala Wadume. Also, Nwogu, 30, was on Wednesday alleged to have been shot dead by a military officer at a checkpoint at Umuokereke Ngwa Community of Abia State. A statement issued by Col. Aliyu Yusuf, Deputy Director, Army Public Relations, has said that authorities of the 82 Division, Nigerian Army has arrested the soldier responsible for the killing. “The soldier has since been arrested and detained. The disciplinary procedure is in progress. “He will be tried according to extant military law and if found culpable will be dismissed and handed over to the Police for prosecution,” Yusuf said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...