A former member of the House of Representatives who represented Ibadan North West/ South West, federal constituency, Honourable Saheed Akinade-Fijabi, has trained over 100 students on Information Communication Technology (ICT). The two-week ‘Summer Computer Coding academy’ for students aged between 10 and 15 years was held at his Honourable Saheed Akinade-Fijabi Vocational Centre, Molete, Ibadan. The former legislator said the initiative grew out of his zeal to improve digital literacy and equip children with the technical skills they needed. Seeing the turnout, the former chairman, House Committee on Telecommunication said he was a fulfilled man. Edo varsity to receive  TETFund’s infrastructure boost FUT Minna donates mobile teaching laboratory to Oyo school Sudan varsity to establish medical sciences dept in Gusau Winners emerge in 2019 Mike Okonkwo national essay… “The only thing you can do is to pass knowledge unto the young ones; and that is what we are doing here today, and you can see that we have given certificate of participation and token to the outstanding ones just to encourage them,” he said. One of the beneficiaries of the workshop, Olanrewaju Teniola, who was the overall best student, thanked Honourable Fijabi for the gesture. She said, “Personally, I know the importance of ICT, and I thank God for emerging as the best overall student of this training. “I must thank Honourable Fijabi for organising this workshop, because I really gained a lot in the course of two weeks; likewise our parents for allowing us to learn more on ICT.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...