THE Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) have raked in about N508 million from governorship aspirants in Bayelsa State for the November 16 election. Nigerian Tribune also learnt that as of July 24 when the PDP closed sales of nomination forms, 21 aspirants had collected expression of interest and nomination forms. For the APC that would close the sales on August 20, two males and one female aspirant had collected expression of interest and nomination forms. In separate statements by the leadership of the two political parties, the PDP fixed the cost of its nomination form at N21 million, while the APC pegged the price for its form at N22.5 million. While the 21 aspirants in the PDP paid N21 million each, comprising N20 million for the nomination form and N1 million for expression of interest form, the male aspirant of the APC paid N22.5 million, which include N20 million for nomination form and N2.5 million for the expression of interest form. Tribune NUJ commends Seyi Makinde over Moses Alao’s… Do not select moneybags as my successor, Awujale tells… One killed, seven injured as police attempt to arrest… I’ll appoint an expert as agriculture minister ― Buhari ALSO READ: Police arrest over 100 armed robbery suspects on Mile 2-Badagry highway It was gathered that the only female aspirant in the race, who happens to be a member of the APC, paid N2.5 million for the expression of interest form only, as nomination form for female aspirants was free. Among the aspirants that collected forms in the PDP are Chief Timi Alaibe, Frederick Agbedi, Senator Douye Diri and Rear Admiral John-Jonah (retd). Others are Keniebi Okoko, Joshua Maciver, Franklin Osiasai, Benson Agadaga, Reuben Okoya Talford Ongolo, Kemela Okara, Konbowei Benson, Godknows Igali, Emmanuel Paulker, George Ikoli Anthony, Nimibofa Ayawei and Professor Steve Azaiki. For the APC, Senator Heineken Lokpobiri, Mrs Diseye Nsirim-Poweigha and a member of the 2019 Buhari Campaign Organisation, Preye Aganaba had obtained their expression of interest and nomination forms. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...