TURKISH Airlines cabin crew will now greet passengers with “welcome onboard” while dressed in new uniforms on long haul flights of the national flag carrier. According to the airline management, “flying to the most countries in the world, Turkish Airlines new uniforms will definitely take to the skies while redefining elegance. The new cabin crew uniforms were designed with the aim of celebrating the airline’s 85th anniversary and will be visible on the entire cabin crew on the long haul flights of the flag carrier. “The new uniforms in flag-red and anthracite gray colors, which were rigorously tested on long-range flights in different climates, have been tailored to 25,000 employees in order for cabin crews to serve passengers comfortably. NAMA emphasises importance of licensing to safety ‘Nigeria needs to play pivotal role in ACFTA’ Domestic airlines condemn extra frequency granted to… Key players task FG on aviation growth in Nigeria Inspired by many classical details in Turkish culture, from the currents of the Bosphorus to the artisanal glassware, ceramics and calligraphy patterns produced by local artisans, the cabin, cockpit, ground handling personnel and flying chef uniforms came to life under a single design in order to give their passengers a holistic brand experience.” Speaking on the new uniforms, Chairman of the Board and the Executive Committee of Turkish Airlines, M. Ilker Ayci said; “The elegance and comfort of our cabin crews, which constitute the most important element of our unrivaled service quality, are of great importance for our brand that continues to fly at the top of its industry. I believe that our brand’s presence in the skies will be much more impressive when the new cabin uniforms, which bear elements of our culture, are combined with the elegance of our cabin crews.” Italian haute couturier Ettore Bilotta designed the new cabin uniforms, which were specially sewn by Vakko, and the main fabrics were produced by Altinyildiz, based on the compliance of Turkish Airlines with flight standards. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...