KOGI State chairman of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Mr Onuh Edoka, said government was yet to release the 10 per cent of the fund kept aside to offset arrears of state workers’ salary. He said they were refraining from commenting on the usage of the N30.8 billion bailout released to the state government because government was yet to fulfill all the agreements it entered with labour over the fund. Edoka stated this in Lokoja at the North Central Zonal Conference of the union. “We must appreciate the state government over the bailout. The bailout was effectively used by the government. Anyone who harbours contrary opinion should engage the government personally. “However, we have declined to make a categorical statement on the usage of the fund because government has not fulfilled all aspects of negotiations it entered with labour before the release of the fund by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). Ortom opens, closes defence at election tribunal Gunmen kill mourners in Benue Council of Imams berates CAN chairman in Kaduna over… Tomorrow’s strike will be total, comprehensive —Varsity… “Ten per cent of the money was reserved to pay arrears when percentage salaries were paid to the state workers. The government promised to pay in installments from the 10 per cent reserved, but they have not commenced. When that is done, we shall come out to make a definite statement. “We have computed those months when percentage was paid. What is needed now is to offset all arrears of state workers who are on the clear list; and it is N2.8 billion,” he said. Edoka flayed some aides of the state governor who are sabotaging the efforts at complete payment of salary to local government workers. “Local government workers were paid 85 per cent for three month, a development contrary to the governor’s directive for complete payment. “The percentage payment to council workers was carried out by some of his appointees. They have turned the local government to their handbag,” he alleged. He, therefore, urged government to look into offsetting the outstanding salaries at the council areas as well as the implementation of the “one roof” scheme for health workers. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...