President Muhammadu Buhari has solicited the support of well-to-do individuals in the country to achieve success in health and education sectors where he said his administration will maintain focus. President Buhari while speaking at the presidential villa, Abuja on Friday during a courtesy call on him by Mr Andrew Young, the former Ambassador of the United States to the United Nations, accompanied by the board of Emeka Offor Foundation in Nigeria. He noted the attainment of three years without a recorded polio incident, achieved by his administration with local and international support, said it was something not only to cherish but one that also requires sustained vigilance. A statement issued by Garba  Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media and Publicity), quoted him as saying: “The best asset to give to the people in health and education. You free them from the tendencies of under-development, especially religious and ethnic manipulations which are challenges facing us at this stage of our development.” ALSO READ: Omo-Agege doles out 8 cars, 45 tricycles, other items to constituency members He, however, expressed optimism that these challenges will wither away with time. APC-led govt demonstrates purposeful leadership ― Oshiomhole Boko Haram attacks: Gov Zulum briefs President Buhari Ogunoye installed as new Olowo of Owo Help us conduct conduct credible elections, Chad begs INEC “We have to march gradually. It is impossible to be in a hurry. We are seeking inclusive development without leaving a majority of our people behind,” the President said. President Buhari also commended the social and humanitarian activities of Sir Emeka Offor, especially in the areas of education and health: “You are translating the success you achieved into social service. This is what the government is doing, so you are helping us in many ways. I commend your activities in the area of health and education to other successful Nigerians.” In his address at the meeting, Ambassador Young expressed happiness with the Buhari administration’s effort toward Polio eradication. He commended the President’s leadership of the country, saying, “at a time when nations of the world are pulling apart, we are happy that Nigeria is stable and secure under you. We will continue working with Nigeria because we consider ourselves as part of the family.” In his remarks, Ambassador Howard Jeter, a former US Ambassador to Nigeria said President Buhari’s re-election was, “a real boom for the future of Nigeria.” He outlined on-going efforts of the Emeka Offor Foundation, in partnership with the Andrew Young Foundation, to supply millions of books to schools, ensure the complete eradication of polio, attack River Blindness with about 40 million afflicted mostly in the South-east and the South-south areas of the country and,  in the near future, also start a campaign against cervical cancer, for which Nigeria holds a world record. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!