Zamfara State governor, Dr Bello Mohammed Matawalle Maradun, has announced that his administration will collaborate with the Sudan International University for the establishment of a Faculty of Medical Sciences in Gusau, the state capital. The governor disclosed this after a meeting with officials of the Sudan International University, led by the vice chancellor, Professor Bakri Osman Saeed, at the Government House, Gusau, where they reached the agreement in the state. Governor Matawalle, in a statement issued by his director-general, press affairs, Mallam Yusuf Idris, said that the establishment of the Faculty of Medical Sciences in Gusau, the state capital “is for the benefit of the state indigenes, which will go a long way in boosting the educational standard of the state.” Matawalle said the decision to give much priority to the educational sector of the state by his administration was aimed at meeting the national and international indices of development, adding that “no meaningful development is achievable without sound educational background.” The governor further explained that “the Zamfara State government will provide land, while the university will construct all the required structures for academic and non-academic purposes.” Edo varsity to receive  TETFund’s infrastructure boost FUT Minna donates mobile teaching laboratory to Oyo school Fijabi trains 100 students on ICT in Ibadan Winners emerge in 2019 Mike Okonkwo national essay… He further added that the positive discussion and the commitment shown by both parties during the agreement had led to the resolution that a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to that effect will be signed and construction work will start immediately after the sallah celebrations. Matawalle, who revealed that the university had earlier offered a reasonable number of admission slots to the state indigenes at its permanent site, pointed out that his government had planned to produce at least 3000 medical doctors and persons with other related courses of international standards and quality. He also informed the vice chancellor that his administration was determined to transform Zamfara State into a role model in the country, both educationally and economically. Earlier in his remarks, the vice chancellor of the Sudan International University, Professor Bakri Osman, said they were in Zamfara State to congratulate the governor on his victory at the polls and to also have a strategic partnership with the state government in the area of education. He added that the mission had been achieved as an agreement was reached on how best to establish a university of international standard. He further said that the university’s Faculty of Medical Sciences would be established in Gusau in order to boost the teaching and learning of medical sciences in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...