The National Chairmen of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has vowed that the main opposition party will do all that is necessary democratically to wrest Lagos state from the All Progressive Congress (APC). The party boss, who on Tuesday in Abuja received the report of the committee set up to reconcile feuding members in the state chapter, has thus appealed to all stakeholders in the state to sheathe their swords in the interest of the unity of the party. He commended the chairman of the reconciliation committee, Sen. Ben Obi and his team for the effort in producing the report as well as for interfacing with various stakeholders of the party in Lagos state. Lagos State PDP has been embroiled in intra-party crisis which caused the National Working Committee (NWC) to move to reconcile the aggrieved members by setting up the Obi committee. Secondus assured that the national leadership of the PDP will look at the report and take necessary action that will restore harmony in the party. He said: “NWC will go through the report precept by precept and come out with what’s good for the party. All we want is to win Lagos and we will do everything thing that is required democratically to do so.” The party boss, therefore, implored party members that “the season to have peace has come,” adding that “no single individual can do it all” as it required the support and cooperation of all party stakeholders to achieve success. He promised to immediately look into the lopsidedness in the Lagos state membership of the Board of Trustees (BoT), which party members in the state had complained was in favour of one specific zone. Snakebites: Gombe state records 23 deaths from January to… Malaria: Expert harps on environmental cleanliness Rape: Commission empowers 20 victims in Jigawa Africa planted a total of 3.14 million hectares of biotech… ALSO READ: Kogi APC aspirants kick against disqualification, say Uzodimma Panel an ambush “We will look into the lopsidedness of the BoT immediately,” Secondus said, noting that there will be no interference with the running of the affairs of the Lagos chapter of the PDP as long as he remained the chairman of the NWC. He said by the time the NWC was done with the report on Lagos, all others states with internal disputes will emulate the south-west state. Secondus said the main preoccupation of the main opposition party was to refocus and reposition, observing that with the last election, Nigerians spoke during the last general as he hoped that justice will prevail in the ongoing case at the presidential election tribunal. The party boss warned that Nigeria was sliding dangerously to a point where people were now living in fear. “Our country is dangerously sliding to the point where everybody is living in fear to the extent of wondering if the nation will exist tomorrow,” he added. On the forthcoming congresses in Kogi and Bayelsa states, Secondus, who said the PDP was moving in the right direction, urged party members to exercise their rights under the law, follow due process and refrain from blackmailing party leaders. While submitting the report, Sen. Obi said the committee found out that the main reason for the crisis in the Lagos State chapter of the party was the perceived high handedness of the acting chairman, Dr. Adegbola Dominic, who was accused of unilaterally removing some elected local government chairmen of the party. He said party members spoke against the imposition of candidates, assuring that once there was a free and fair process, the party would come together again. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...