Detectives from the Ondo State Police command are on the trail of a middle-aged woman who allegedly beat her four-year-old daughter to death. The woman whose identity cannot be ascertained was said to have rushed the little girl to the hospital after torturing her to death. According to a source at the hospital, the mother of the girl rushed her daughter to Ondo State University Teaching Hospital, Akure Annex for treatment on Wednesday night. The source explained that the young girl was brought in dead at the hospital while the health workers who attended to the girl found marks suspected to be from horsewhip on the girl’s body. He, however, said the woman took the corpse of her daughter out of the emergency unit immediately she was certified dead by the medical doctor on duty and ran out of the hospital. He said all the efforts to speak with the woman and find out the cause of the marks on the little girl’s body were not successful as the woman ran out of the hospital and refused to talk with the hospital workers. He said “the woman brought in the girl to the hospital at the children’s emergency ward for treatment and we tried to revive her. It was noticed that the girl had been maltreated, leading to her death. “If you see the body of the girl, it was a case of child abuse as there were marks and blood all over her body. “By the time the doctor on duty could rush to attend to her, we discovered that the little baby was brought in dead. The doctor informed the woman that the kid she brought to the hospital was dead already. Buhari, APC have fooled Nigerians,  Secondus says NIS begins e-registration of migrants in Ogun DPR seals gas plant over illegal operations in Ogun, arrest… $9bn damage against Nigeria in British court: FG to deal… “Before you know it, the woman grabbed the corpse of the girl and dash out of the hospital facility.” ALSO READ: 958 children undergoing treatment over acute malnutrition in Nasarawa Confirming the development, one of the doctors at the hospital when the incident happened said the girl was brought in dead. He said, “immediately the woman realized the girl was no longer breathing, the woman grabbed the corpse of her child and ran outside the hospital facility, while efforts to trace the woman were not successful.” Also, confirming the incident, the Administrative Secretary of the hospital, Dayo Owoseni stated that, “I only heard about the incident this morning and we have called on the doctor on duty to come over and explained what happened to us. “Although, the Chief Medical Director (CMD) of the hospital is not currently around but we have summoned a meeting with all the management staff of the hospital. he said. The State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Femi Joseph who confirmed the incident said that investigation had already begun to unravel how it all happened. Joseph said there was no record to trace the suspected woman. He added that the hospital also failed to register the case at the hospital, but efforts are on to track the woman. “We have already sent in some officers to go and investigate the case to know what actually went wrong,” Joseph stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...