The Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu and Minister of State for Education, Mr Emeka Nwajuiba briefly assumed duties at the Federal Ministry of Education, Abuja following their inauguration by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday. There was wide jubilation by the staff of the ministry when the ministers arrived the Federal Secretariat building hosting ministry. Adamu who was the immediate past minister of education was retained as the main minister and named Mr Nwajuiba as the minister of state for education during the inauguration at the Presidential Villa. Permanent Secretary, Arc. Sonny Echono who received the ministers said the staff were excited over the reappointment of Adamu to head the ministry. ALSO READ: Fayemi congratulates Adebayo on inauguration as Industry Minister He presented handover notes to the ministers after they met with workers. Adamu in his remark commended Echono, directors and staff of the ministry for their support during his first tenure office. ‘UNILAG got N5bn for research in a year’ Govt’s policies responsible for dip in education standard  —… Varsity students honour  architect with leadership award Parents of beneficiaries of Akinosun scholarship scheme laud… He noted that with the support of the permanent secretary and staff of the ministry, the former Minister of State for Education, Prof. Anthony Anwukah and himself had worked assiduously to put together the Ministerial Strategic Plan (MSP 2016-2019) to the point of implementation before their tenure ended on May 2019, 2019. He said: “We had laboured over the time on the strategic plan for the education and only to the point of implementation then we had to leave. I had the opportunity to remind President Muhammadu Buhari that the nation was expecting so much from him. “When we were sent here during the first tenure, it took me one and a half years to understand the ministry; it also took me by surprise when I was re-assigned to the ministry of education. “I had thought I would be sent to another ministry where I would have to learn all over again. Now, I know that I am coming back to a family. You all are my teachers and hopefully, we will work well together again. “The reality is the confidence I reposed in the Permanent Secretary. When I came here I had to get the idea of what education is and I could only see what is happening here after a year and a half,” he said. Adamu noted that Nwajuiba who was the Chairman, Board of the Tertiary Education Trustfund (TETFund) until his appointment as the minister of state for education had to abandon his doctorate degree programme to serve in the cabinet of President Buhari as a minister. Nwajuiba said he was comfortable and felt at home at the ministry. “I am comfortable that I do not have to go to another ministry but here with my senior brother at the ministry of education I can be tutored and well-directed,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...