NO fewer than 25,000 people would benefit from the free medical services to be provided by the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) in Sandamu Local Government Area of Katsina State. The NAF Director, Public Health and Humanitarian Services, Group Captain Ali Tanko, made the disclosure on Tuesday during the flag-off of the 2-day medical outreach in Sandamu. Tanko said that the event was part of activities for the commissioning of NAF Reference Hospital, Daura on Thursday. He said NAF would provide a free consultation, medications, medical glasses and mosquito nets, as well as deworm and offer vitamin A supplements to children below five years. ALSO READ: Buhari condoles with Gov Bello over step-mother’s death “The team comprised of professionals and trained medical experts who will offer free medical services to beneficiaries. “Usually, we carry out tests and diagnose patients before giving them medications. “We have drugs for diabetic patients, as well as those people with High Blood Pressure, ulcer and malaria, among others,” he added. Tribune NUJ commends Seyi Makinde over Moses Alao’s… Do not select moneybags as my successor, Awujale tells… One killed, seven injured as police attempt to arrest… I’ll appoint an expert as agriculture minister ― Buhari Tanko further said they would also perform minor surgeries while major ones would be referred to the NAF Reference Hospital, Daura. He said NAF did similar medical outreach to Nigerians in many parts of the country. The director commended the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshall Sadique Abubakar for the initiative. “He has seen the need for that in this community, it is part of our tradition that whenever we are going to commission some projects, we normally carry out medical outreach. “We want to have a cordial relationship with host communities, we don’t want a situation whereby they will see us as enemies. “We are here to protect them both security and medical health issues,” he said. In his remarks, the Transition Committee Chairman, Sandamu LGA, Alhaji Sani Aliyu, commended the NAF for the initiative. He said the exercise would have a positive impact on people of the area. Aliyu, therefore, urged the people to comply with the rules and regulations governing the conduct of medical outreach. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...