KWARA State Government has expressed its readiness to partner with the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria (PSN) and other health stakeholders to fight the menace of drug abuse in the state. Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq said this on Wednesday when he received some members of the PSN led by its President, Mr Sam Ohuabunwa, who paid him a courtesy call at the Government House, Ilorin. The governor, who was represented by the Deputy Governor, Mr Kayode Alabi, also said the state government would collaborate with PSN to improve the health of the people of the state. ALSO READ: SARS operatives allegedly beat 98-year-old woman over marital crisis in Anambra AbdulRazaq stressed the importance of the PSN in quality health care delivery and called on stakeholders in the health sector to play a critical role in the fight against drug abuse in Nigeria. Noise pollution, invisible cause of ill health Why eating local food is the best —Experts Buhari approves Ipaye’s re-appointment, others in VP’s… Gov race:PDP clears 34 aspirants for Kogi, Bayelsa primaries He implored members of the society to champion the fight against the high rate of misuse of drugs as the menace was really consuming lives in Nigeria. The governor pledged the state government’s commitment to formulating policies that would enable pharmacists to hold critical posts in the health sector in Kwara. Earlier, the PSN President said the society was ready to partner the state government to control drug abuse in order to improve health care delivery in the state. Ohuabunwa also called on the state government to expand and upgrade its essential drugs programme to meet the health need of the people. He called for improvement in the welfare of pharmacists in the state as well as improvement in the status of the various health facilities. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...