As part of efforts to curtail the activities of armed bandit and kidnappers in the state, especially along the Benin/ Ore/Sagamu expressway, the Ondo State government has banned the use of motorcycles, known as ‘Okada’ on the expressway. This State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Mr. Donald Ojogo, who disclosed this in a statement signed by him, said the ban on motorcycles was put in place to curb rising rate of criminality on the highway. Ojogo who expressed optimism that the ban would help to wipe out banditry, kidnapping and other criminal activities on the busy highway said the government has observed that unscrupulous elements carried out their activities on the Ore highway under the guise of engaging in the commercial motorcycle business. ALSO READ: Ganduje doles out N15m to 3,170 Kano Pilgrims in Saudia The Commissioner said the ban takes immediate effect, saying security agencies have been directed to arrest anyone who flouts the restriction order by plying the road with a motorcycle. He said the state government observed that the use of motorcycles by armed bandits, kidnappers, criminal elements and their collaborators enable them to perpetrate their heinous crimes unhindered. Ekiti Commissioner heads RMAFC revenue allocation committee Presidential poll: Atiku, PDP file final written addresses… N-Power beneficiaries appeal to FG for timely payment of… I’ll ensure quality, affordable education in Osun ― Oyetola Ojogo stated in the statement: “Government has observed with serious concern, the activities of some unscrupulous elements who have hidden under the guise of engaging in the motorcycle business, popularly known as Okada, to perpetrate a crime on the Ofosu-Ajebamidele route along the Ore Expressway. ALSO READ: Ganduje doles out N15m to 3,170 Kano Pilgrims in Saudia “Disturbed by the activities of these criminal elements which include armed robbery, kidnapping, their mode of operations as well as the heightening cases of loss of lives, the Ondo State Government has placed a total ban on commercial motorcycles (Okada) along the entire stretch of the route in question. “This action is with immediate effect and shall suffice until further notice.” He stated that “by this development, all activities of commercial motorcyclists are henceforth, restricted to internal confines of Ore town and other communities in the area. “Security agencies, especially the Nigeria Police, are consequently directed to apprehend forthwith, anyone who flouts this restriction order. “Government appeals to the general public to cooperate with security agencies in the enforcement of this action in order to stem the growing rate of criminal activities along the area.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...