AMIDST purported resignation of the Head of Civil Service of the Federation, Mrs Winifred Oyo-Ita, there appeared a clear signal on Friday that she has fully returned to her duties following the intervention of President Muhammadu Buhari. This was made clear by her signatory on Friday to the circular moving some permanent secretaries and directors to the newly created ministries and restructuring of some others by the President on Wednesday. There were stories of purported resignation of Oyo-Ita, following an investigation into her activities by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) over alleged N3 billion contract scam, which the Head of Service has consistently denied any involvement. But a statement by the Director, Communications, Office of the Head of Service of Federation, Mrs  Olawunmi Ogunmosunle, said the circular conveying the deployment of the permanent secretaries was signed on Friday by Oyo-Ita. Ogunmosunle said the permanent secretaries were deployed to perform the functions of the Accounting Officers of the ministries, quoting the Head of Service as saying that the arrangement takes immediate effect and remains in force until further notice. According to the statement Engr. Daudu Narai has been posted as permanent secretary, Ministry of Special Duties while Mr Louis Edozien would assume duty as permanent secretary, Federal Ministry of Power. ALSO READ: El-Zakzaky not expelled from ABU ― IMN Forum Other affected permanent secretaries are: Mr Mbaeri Maurice Nnamdi, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Police Affairs; Dr Mahmoud Isa-Dutse, Federal Ministry of Finance; Dr Mohammed Dikwa, Permanent Secretary, Finance, Special Duties and Mr Ernest Afolabi Umakhire, Permanent Secretary, Finance, Budget & National Planning. Others are: Mrs Anagbogu Nkiruka, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Women Affairs; Alhaji Sabiu Zakari, Ministry of Transportation; Dr Mohammed Bukar, Works & Housing; and  Engr. Hassan Musa, Ministry of Aviation, Director, Air Transport Management, to oversee the Office of the Permanent Secretary. The statement further indicated that Mrs Anetu-Anne Aliyu, who was the Director, Social Welfare, Ministry of Women Affairs & Social Development has been moved to the newly created Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs as Director, Social Welfare in the office of the Permanent Secretary. Ogunmosunle, had in her reaction to the purported resignation of Oyo-Ita, said there was no iota of truth in it, noting that she was not aware of any resignation letter from the Head of Service to President. There were also unconfirmed reports that Oyo-Ita has been under pressure from her immediate family to retire after news reports emerged that she was being probed over an alleged N3 billion contract scam.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!