An APC stalwart and business mogul, Dr Bolufemi Rotimi has described the victory of the state governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello, at the primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the best option for the party’s victory at the November governorship election. He said Bello’s victory at the primary held in Lokoja, the state capital on Thursday would make it easy for the APC to win the election Rotimi, while hailing the resounding victory in a statement, said the governors overwhelming and unprecedented victory had given credence to his exemplary leadership quality. He said the delegates of the party voted for Bello because of his excellent performance in the last three and half years as the governor of the confluence state. According to him, the governor had excelled in the area of agriculture, security, health and civil service reform, which had put the state in a vantage position for further development. The business mogul, however, lauded the National Working Committee (NWC) of the APC for putting in place impartial screening and appeal committees that prepared the stage for the conduct of the primary election. 170,664 PVC yet to be collected in Kogi Fayose’s invitation by Assembly, a ploy to distract… Education, agric, key to nation’s development ― Kwara deputy… Commotion in Ebonyi as mother of 4 bled to death after… ALSO READ: Muharram: The start of the Islamic New Year He also hailed the national leadership of the party for appointing an electoral committee that demonstrated leadership and transparency in the conduct of the primary that has been adjudged as one of the best in the country. He noted that even those disqualified from the contest still promised to abide by the decision of the party and pledged their loyalty towards the victory of the party at the governorship election. Rotimi also hailed the doggedness, commitment and pragmatic contributions of the Chief of Staff (COS) to the governor, chief Edward Onoja, to the victory of the governor. He said,” I, however, want to plead with the other contestants to place the interest of the party as number one so that we can come together as one indivisible family for the victory of APC in November. “I also want to assure the governor that the Okun nation will overwhelmingly support GYB during the election”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...