The All Africa Music Awards (AFRIMA)  during the week unveiled Tiwa Savage, Davido, Burna Boy, Simi, Wizkid, Kizz Daniel, Teni, Yemi Alade, Niniola along other international artistes nominated for the 2019 edition of the prestigious award. This was made public during a press conference held at Eko Hotels and Suites, Victoria Island Lagos by Aderele Niyi, AFRIMA’s Associate Producer. Niyi said that the nominees that cut across Western, Eastern, Central Southern and Northern Africa were carefully picked after  rigorous screenings by a group of professional jury. She said that some of the criteria used in arriving at the nominees include:  fairness, creativity, excellence, integrity, originality of their music, authenticity which must reveal African concept among other things. According to her, the world music festival will  hold  between November21 and 23,  2019 in a country that will be announced next month. Niyi said that the event was established to reward and celebrate musical works, talents and creativity around the African continent, while promoting the African cultural heritage. “The platform is to position Africa as a musical hub for the world as Africans are seen as talented and highly creative. “This is going to be  the 6th edition of AFRIMA and I can say that it has been getting better each year; this year’s edition promises to be a unique one,” she said. Niyi called for continental  support from African leaders in order to enlarge the scope of   the event for more international acceptance. Ghanaian actress Juliet Ibrahim shares `unwholesome’… Sade Okoya featured on forbes Africa Nude dance: NCAC vows to use Tekno as scapegoat, to teach… Nollywood Actor, Lateef Adedimeji Joins Rolad Properties As… She also urged music artistes to see the platform as theirs for better exploration. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported that the following were nominated for the best male artistes from West Africa: Burna boy with his song “Ye”, Davido’s “Wonder Woman”, Kizz Daniel’s “Madu”, Wizkid’s “Fever”. Other nominated artistes are : King Promise from Ghana; Salif Keita from Mali, Shatta Wale from Ghana, Sidiky Diabate from Mali and late DJ Arafat from Cote d’Ivoire The nominees for the  female category from Nigeria  and their works are : Simi’s “I Dun Care”; Tiwa Savage’s “One”; Teni’s “Case”; Yemi Alade’s “Oh My Gosh”; Niniola’s Bana. Others are : Aya Nakamura from Mali; Jossey from  Cote d’Ivoire ; Kanuer Adams from Liberia; Manamba Kante from  Guinea and Mzuee from Ghana. The best male artistes nominated from  Central Africa are : C4 Pedro from Angola; Fally Ipupa from  Congo; Locko from  the Cameroon; and Magasco also from the  Cameroon. Others are ; Maitre Gims from Congo; Rui Orlando from Angola; Niska from  Congo Brazzaville; Salatiel from the  Cameroon and Ya Levis from the  Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). The best nominsted  female artistes from  Central Africa are : Anna Joyce from  Angola; Blanche Baily from the Cameroon; and Bruna Tatiana from  Angola. Others are; Charlotte Dipand also from the  Cameroon; Daphine from the  Cameroon; Duda from  Angola; Shan’l from Gabon and Titica from Angola. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...