All the domestic airlines operating in Nigeria under the aegis of Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON), have reacted to  the recent commencement of an additional frequency into the country by Emirates Airlines. The latest approval granted by the Federal Government to the UAE carrier operate the additional frequency has now increased its frequency to four flights daily into Nigeria on the eve of when a Nigerian carrier began flights to UAE operated with 100 percent Nigerian pilots, cabin crew, engineers and dispatchers. In a statement issued on behalf of the airlines by their Chairman, Captain Nogie Megisson, the operators described as unfair for Emirates to be allowed such increase barely two  weeks after the launch of flights on July 5, 2019 to Sharjah, UAE by Air Peace, a Nigerian airline. According to AON, the move effectively placed  the indigenous carriers at a massive disadvantage, the Nigerian economy and the jobs of youths and huge capital flight. “You would recall that at the launch of Air Peace flights to UAE, AON appealed that government must stand tall to play the role of aeropolitics to support Air Peace, otherwise it will end up the same way as others such as Bellview, Arik Air and Medview that went before it as they were unable to play in the wild and aggressive field of international aeropolitics. “Emirates as of today, operates two daily flights out of Lagos and two daily flights out of Abuja. Etihad, from the same country, also operates daily flights out of Lagos as well. This translates to five flights daily and a total of 150 flights per month from UAE; as against a Nigerian Carrier that only just started operating three flights weekly (12 flights monthly into UAE). This is a colossal plundering of the Nigerian economy through capital flight and a huge loss of Nigerian jobs. ‘Nigeria needs to play pivotal role in ACFTA’ Key players task FG on aviation growth in Nigeria Airport security breach: FG should reclaim encroached… Too many factors militating against Nigerian airlines… “And sadly, Air Peace is still waiting to be allocated a dedicated Lounge or departure wing at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport to signify that this is a Nigerian airline; as against the case with Emirates that has a huge Lounge at the Dubai International Airport that is heavily branded in the airline’s colours. The same goes with Etihad in Abu Dhabi, British Airways in London, Lufthansa in Frankfurt, and Air France in Paris etc. In the light of the above therefore, it is little wonder that the three major carriers in the United States (United, American and Delta) cried out against the same open skies and anti-competitive behavior. The US airlines accused them of being funded by their government to the tune of over $50 Billion and undercutting US carriers by offering below-market fares on flights that go to other destinations beyond the Middle East, at the expense of American jobs and the American Economy. In a swift reaction, the management of Emirates has denied any news of increased frequencies as stated by the AON. According to a statement issued by the UAE airline “We would like to clarify that we have not increased scheduled flight services to Abuja or Lagos. We had only operated extra flights to Abuja and Lagos for a very limited period, for the sole purpose of serving Nigerian pilgrims traveling to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for Hajj. “Some detractors like to claim that Emirates receives government subsidies and therefore represent unfair competition. But these allegations are patently false, and we have repeatedly debunked these myths over the years. Our audited financial reports for the past 20 years are published on our website for anyone to inspect. Emirates has always been run on a commercial basis. In fact our success is driven by the very fact that we must stand on our own feet, which means we must keep winning over customers with the best possible services, while closely watching our costs so that we can return a profit to our shareholder. “International carriers operating in Nigeria offer a greater choice for consumers, and are also crucial to supporting Nigerian tourism and trade. Emirates first started operations to Lagos in 2004, and we have since remained committed to Nigeria. During this time, we have helped facilitate trade between Nigeria and other international markets, and provided travelers coming into, or traveling from, Nigeria the option of enjoying the award-winning Emirates experience.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...