THE Resident Electoral Commissioner in Kogi state, Professor James Apam has said that about 170, 664 Permanent Voters Cards (PVC) are yet to be collected in Kogi state. Just as Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC) in Kogi State staged a walkout at the stakeholders’ meeting saying Professor Apam must go. The Independent National Electoral Commission officer made this known on Friday during a stakeholders meeting held at the INEC office in Lokoja. According to him starting from Monday, collection of PVC will commence, just as he called on the people who are yet to collect there own to do that. Professor Apam also said that non-sensitive materials have arrived in the state saying all materials must be packed very well before sending them to various local government councils in the state. Meanwhile, the coalition of political parties in Kogi State under the umbrella of Inter-Party Advisory Council has passed a vote of no confidence on Prof. James Apam, the Resident Electoral Commissioner in the state. ALSO READ: Fayose’s invitation by Assembly, a ploy to distract Ekiti people ― PDP Fayose’s invitation by Assembly, a ploy to distract… Education, agric, key to nation’s development ― Kwara deputy… Commotion in Ebonyi as mother of 4 bled to death after… Kaduna Polytechnic to run courses in Railway Engineering The spokesman of the body, Hon Ibrahim Itodo who spoke with newsmen shortly, after the group staged a walkout at the stakeholders’ meeting called by the electoral umpire said they honoured the invitation of the commission thinking that the resident electoral commissioner has been transferred, saying there is no how they could continue to relate with the Prof. Apam led commission in the state. According to him, the best INEC top hierarchy could do at this point in time is to change the resident electoral commissioner, whom they accused to be romancing with the state government. He alleged that the commissioner is presently sleeping in Government House, doing the bidding of the APC led administration, saying they were not surprised how the issue of alleged double registration of the governor was buried under the carpet. Itodo, therefore, enjoined the top hierarchy of INEC to transfer the resident electoral commissioner before the coming governorship poll, more so that Prof. Apam is not the only capable personality at the electoral umpire that can do the job. However, the Resident Electoral Commissioner while reacting to the issue said he is unshaken by the allegations of the Inter-Party Advisory Council, insisting that he is diligently discharging his duties. He alleged that the IPAC members have been disturbing him about money, which he clearly made them understand that, the electoral umpire has no money to give them, stressing that he would not succumb to any form of blackmail. The resident electoral commissioner further stressed the need for the people of the state to cooperate with the commission, even as he assured that they were poised to provide a level playing field for all political parties participating in the forthcoming governorship election in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...