Professor Kate Omenugha, the Commissioner for Basic Education in Anambra State, has said that 10,000 teachers are undergoing training on Information and Communications Technology (ICT) to combat cyber crime among students. Omenugha said this in an interview in Awka last week, while commending the Joint Consultative Committee and National Council on Education for developing a curriculum to regulate cyber security in the education sector. She said that the curriculum was being developed to create awareness on Education ICT on cyber security. FG to subsidize tariff for 7 months in 2020, orders DisCos to meter… “We need to take the minds of our pupils and students away from cyber crimes and going to sites that teach how to commit suicide and kidnap, among other crimes,” she said. She said that the training would be for both primary and post-primary school teachers, so that they would be well-informed to teach their pupils and students on the right use of ICT. The commissioner further said that various centres mapped out for the three-week training in Awka Zone of the State Education Commission were functional and would provide the needed learning environment. NIMC to extend NIN enrolment to Austria, Germany NCC records 271,112 complaints in four years —Danbatta Landwey acquires stake in Vistafront African telecoms regulators converge on Abuja for 2019… She said that Governor Willie Obiano’s administration was committed to training teachers that would be ICT-compliant to compete favourably with their counterparts across the globe and also impart quality knowledge. She said that the governor has great passion for teachers and students to be at the same pedestal with their counterparts on ICT know-how. Omenugha said that Google would also train the teachers on cyber security in order to curb the increase in cyber site usage that takes young minds to dangerous aspects of the ICT. The commissioner said that cyber bullying and its related crimes would soon be a thing of the past for school age children in the state. She said that government had concluded plans to provide teachers with laptops on loan for continuous learning. Omenugha described the training as a great initiative that had provided an avenue for the teachers to acquire computer education and training. She said that the training would enable them to key into modern ways of teaching and learning. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...