The level of infrastructure development at the Edo State University, Iyamho, Etsako West Local Government Area, will soon be given a boost following its inclusion as a beneficiary by the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund). The executive secretary of TETFund, Professor Suleiman Elias Bagoro, who disclosed this recently during a visit to the institution expressed the hope  that with the granting of the request by the TETFund Board of Trustees, there would be massive development of the school. Situated in a quiet environment, the school was founded by the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole during his time as the governor of Edo State. Speaking in the same vein, the vice chancellor, Professor Emmanuel Aluyor used the opportunity to debunk recent rumours in the social media as regards the ownership and withdrawal of operational licence of the institution, noting that it is on record that only federal and state-owned institutions are qualified to be enlisted Aluyor promised that the university would be a worthy partner in the relationship with the fund, noting that he was looking forward to building more beautiful and classy environment where lectures would be delivered in temperature-controlled classrooms/lecture theatres with cutting-edge multimedia facilities. FUT Minna donates mobile teaching laboratory to Oyo school Sudan varsity to establish medical sciences dept in Gusau Fijabi trains 100 students on ICT in Ibadan Winners emerge in 2019 Mike Okonkwo national essay… He promised to ensure that the intervention from TETFund would be adequately deployed to research with a view to finding solutions to the challenges being faced in the country in general and the world at large. The vice chancellor said: “There is no gainsaying the fact that with this TETFund enlistment, the university is poised to take delivery of a full package of the latest technologies in the field of medicine, science, as well as other related courses, in becoming the beacon of academic excellence not only in Nigeria but also globally.” He added that with the gains from the annual interventions from the fund, the university would be able to provide critical infrastructure for its staff and students. Aluyor said: “Enlistment as a beneficiary of TETFund is the approval given to any public tertiary university, polytechnic and college of education to receive annual funding from TETFund for the development of critical infrastructure for teaching and learning, provision of instructional materials, training of academic staff, among other interventions.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...