Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN) has said that it will collaborate with the Kwara state government, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), and the National Financial Intelligence Unit (NFIU) on anti-corruption war. Speaking at the institute’s investiture/award dinner in Ilorin on Tuesday, the ICAN Ilorin and District Society chairman, Mohammed Baba Ibrahim, said that the aim was to complement anti-corruption efforts of President Muhammadu Buhari administration and minimise fraud activities in the state civil service. “We intend to collaborate with the Public Account Committee of the Kwara State House of Assembly, EFCC and NFIU to organise regular workshops for our members and other Heads of Account from the local governments and the state service on how to combat financial crime,” he said. The ICAN chairman, who advised members of the institute not to collude with politicians to perpetuate corruption, said that erring member would be made to face disciplinary panel. ”Any member found wanting in misappropriating public fund or abetting politicians in financial crime if reported to the Institute would be made to face the investigating panel of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria. However, if he is found guilty, the panel would send him to face the disciplinary tribunal for proper hearing and thereafter, he would be blackmailed, while his/her certificate would be withdrawn and his/her name would be published in the national dailies,” he said. Politician, 2 others arrested over decomposing corpse of… Kogi Guber; SDP Certifies Natasha’ s Candidature Buhari commends supportive role played by NURTW members… Chibok Girls, Leah Sharibu, Sowore: Nigerians to protest… ALSO READ: Killings of Nigerians in South Africa barbaric, unacceptable ― Senator Basiru He also said that as part of his agendas, Ilorin and District Society will embark on “Catch Them Young Programme” where the secondary school students will be sensitised, encourage, and expose to the rudiment of the profession, and most especially on a way to become a chartered accountant. In his address, Kwara State governor, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq solicited for citizen’s support in the administration drive to tackle corruption and ensure prudent management of resources. Governor Abdulrazaq who was represented at the event by his deputy, Mr Kayode Alabi said the state government will use available resources to build infrastructure, improve the health sector, uplift standard of education instead of spending public fund to satisfy few people. The highlight of the occasion was the presentation of award of excellence to KW-IRS Chairman, Prof Muritala Awodun, Olomu of Omupo, Oba Yakubu Adebayo Buari II, Alhaji Tajudeen Abdulkadir Audu, Lukman Mustapha, Suleiman Oluwadare Ishola, Alhaja (Dr) Bolanle Maryam Yusuf, Olori Misitura Gbadamosi and Yusuf Olaolu Ali (SAN). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...