LAGOS State governor, Mr Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu, on Thursday said the state government has been appealing to Federal Government to open up Badagry so as to boost commerce, businesses and tourism potentials of the axis. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this known when the Chairman, Nigerian Diaspora Commission, Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa, led members of the organising committee for the annual ‘Door of Return’ to pay him a courtesy visit at the State House, Marina. According to Sanwo-Olu, Badagry has become a brand that has been recognised globally over the years as a tourism destination in Nigeria, even as he noted that potentials in the tourism sector was enormous and, therefore, its inclusion as part of his administration’s agenda to take Lagos to an enviable height. “The potentials in the tourism sector is enormous and that is why we have included it as part of our agenda to take Lagos to an enviable height. ALSO READ:  BREAKING: El-Zakzaky frustrating doctors, prefers to stay in 5-Star hotel in India — FG “That is why we have continued to tell the Federal Government that we need to open that corridor for commerce, business and tourism,” the governor stated. While justifying that Badagry had become a brand, the governor argued that the town had a historic presence which cannot be ignored for whatever reason. Ekiti Commissioner heads RMAFC revenue allocation committee Presidential poll: Atiku, PDP file final written addresses… N-Power beneficiaries appeal to FG for timely payment of… I’ll ensure quality, affordable education in Osun ― Oyetola “No matter how people take tourism to another location, if you have a historic presence somewhere, no matter how they take it away, they will still come back to the historic base,” he said. The governor assured that the government would provide both operational and logistic supports for the event scheduled for October to assist Africans in Diaspora reunite with their ancestral home, adding that the traffic and other infrastructures aimed to be completed in Badagry would be fast-tracked. “I can assure you that I will get my people to work immediately because the time is less than two months to the event. I can assure you that all the logistics required would be provided,” Governor Sanwo-Olu said, just as also pledged that his administration would work with Diaspora Commission and residents of the community “to further boost the potentials that could be gotten from the community.” Earlier, Dabiri-Erewa hinted that this year’s event was designed to mark the 400th year since the slave trade started and ended in Africa. She noted that aside from boosting the tourism of the state, the event would afford participants the opportunity to reunite with their ancestral root, saying, at the inception of the programme three years ago, about 25 returnees came from Brazil, Jamaica and others. The chairman said: “The guests have the opportunity to walk through the door of no return where their ancestors were shipped out of the continent. They will also have the opportunity to have experience of how their forefathers were taken out of the continent then. They will have the opportunity to see different artefacts. “From the point of no return which was the practice over 400 years ago, we open the door of return to the continent of their ancestors. And Lagos serves as the door that has helped them to return to their ancestral root. “There is a spiritual and emotional connection attached to the exercise; many that have passed through the process often come with tears.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...