It was painful news when it was announced that gunmen attacked mourners in Katsina-Ala, Benue State. The nation had heaved a sigh of relief when killings occasioned by a sprain in the interactions between herdsmen and farmers in Benue State had stopped. The police command in Benue  state on Sunday said the death toll from Saturday’s gunmen attack on mourners in Katsina-Ala Local Government Area of the state had risen to nine. IPOB attack on Ekweremadu affront on Igbo race ― Omo-Agege The Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Catherine Anene, in Makurdi stated that the police were still investigating the circumstances surrounding the attack and its aftermath. Anene explained that four persons were killed at the burial of Tor Gbev Amaafu in Tongov, while additional five were killed during reprisals by Amaafu, Sati Agirigi and Ikurav Tiev communities. Why Akeredolu must be commended Need for vocational centres Disorderliness on Nigerian roads Ending trajectories of Vision 20:2020 She said the killings were suspected to be the frequent clashes between the Ikurav and Shitile people in the area in recent times. An eyewitness stated that the gunmen who numbered more than 10 opened fire on the mourners, killing and injuring several persons in the process. The gunmen attacked the mourners in the early hours of Saturday as a result of which four persons died on the spot, while several others sustained severe injuries. The area has witnessed serious criminal activities in the past four years. Benue cannot continue to be the hotbed of killings. We must do something as fast as possible. The perpetrators of this act must be brought to book and made to face the consequences of their action. Violence has cost us so much. Benue is a shadow of itself. The Federal Government must rise to the occasion and arrest this terrible situation. Security must be provided and the lives of Nigerians must be protected, whatever the cost. Again, citizens have a major role to play in the protection of lives and properties. We are in this together and Nigeria belongs to all of us. Timothy Tsav, Makurdi SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...