The Osun State governor, Mr. Gboyega Oyetola, on Thursday reaffirmed the commitment of his administration towards transforming the education sector in the state. This, he said was necessary so as to ensure that every child has access to good, quality, quantitative and affordable education. Oyetola, who observed that children are the hope and channel for achieving goals of a better future, maintained that it is an offence for parents not to allow their children go to school. The governor made these disclosures while commissioning school projects at both Telemu Comprehensive Middle High school and Morinu Community Elementary School, in Ola-Oluwa local government and Iwo local government areas of the state, respectively. ALSO READ: Power: FG calls for more off-grid solutions Oyetola also unveiled “Ileri-Oluwa Fulfilling Promises Educational Programme”, which is a “redesigned and repacked approach to school’s infrastructural renewal, intended to reach every nook and cranny of the state within available human and material resources.” He contended that the administration’s resolve to invest in the education sector was aimed at achieving the state’s objectives of delivering a better life for the people and driving development in the state. Ekiti Commissioner heads RMAFC revenue allocation committee Presidential poll: Atiku, PDP file final written addresses… N-Power beneficiaries appeal to FG for timely payment of… I’ll ensure quality, affordable education in Osun ― Oyetola While appealing to parents to ensure that their children and wards are registered at school, attend school regularly and are well-behaved, Oyetola said: “there must be a synergy between the government, parents, and teachers for the state to achieve its desired goals of making education the bedrock of development”. The governor, who said the state has the required potentials to lead the nation in both internal and external examinations, appealed to all teachers to ensure that the performance of Osun in Junior and Senior School Certificate results improve significantly. According to Oyetola, “these projects are a further fulfillment of our promise to provide a quality, functional, affordable and equitable education for all as a way of achieving our goals of delivering a better life for the people and driving development in the state. Our children are our hope and channel for achieving these goals and positioning our state and nation to compete with other nations of the world. “Our administration is committed to ensuring that our children get a good education, this is the reason we are striving to build schools, equip them, renovate dilapidated projects, provide well-trained teachers to teach the pupils and ensure that pupils attend schools punctually and regularly. We established Ileri Oluwa Fulfilling Promises Educational Programme to transform the education profile of the state. “We adopted a consolidated approach whose key elements are rebuilding, remodelling and total rehabilitation of existing school buildings and construction of new blocks of classrooms in series 4 classrooms, 5 classrooms, 6 classrooms, 8 classrooms, 10, 15 and 20 classrooms at a maximum of 50 pupils/students per class, to cater for communities at 200, 250, 300, 400, 500, 750 pupils per school”, Oyetola remarked. The Head of Service and chairman, State Education Steering Committee, Dr. Olowogboyega Oyebade, said the projects are indication that the current administration will not abandon the good works of the previous administration, but rather, improve on them and even initiate more good ones. In his remark, the principal, Comprehensive Government Middle High School, Telemu, Mr. Adelanwa Ademuyiwa, commended the government for taking the bull by the horn in addressing some of the challenges in the education sector. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...