The Ondo State Police Command on Tuesday said one of its officers who allegedly beat and injured female student of the Federal University of Technology, Akure (FUTA) had been arrested. The State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mr Femi Joseph, who confirmed this to newsmen said the police officer involved in the incident would be punished. A female student of FUTA was said to have an encounter with some policemen attached to the A Division Police station on Sunday evening while a female student involved was allegedly beaten. ALSO READ: FBI list: EFCC recovers N486m, arrests 28 suspects The female student was said to have sustained a serious injury from the beating of the policeman as shown in a viral video, where a young woman ( FUTA student) was seen with one of her eyes bleeding and she kept saying, “Look at my eyes.” However, the PPRO refused to reveal the names of the victims and the police officer involved but assured that the incident would not be swept under carpet. He explained that two drunk students of FUTA who were on a motorcycle were involved in the incident when the students refused to surrender themselves for a check to the policemen on patrol. He said, “the students were stopped by the policemen on patrol on Sunday night, and when they were asked to open their bags, they refused, and this led to an argument between them. This also led to one of them sustaining an injury when the lady was pushed but this happened because the lady was drunk, she fell down and got injured. Suspected bandits kill three, abduct 18 in Kaduna LASG takes responsibility of medical bills of Ikorodu… Brain-dead woman gives birth to baby girl WHO appoints wife of Niger gov as expert on cervical cancer “In spite of that, as I am speaking with you now, the policeman in question has been arrested and will face trial today. He would definitely be punished.” The President of Student Union Government in FUTA, Abraham Esedere, said the union had visited the police headquarters in order to resolve the matter and promised to get back to our correspondent. “I’m at the police headquarters, I will call you back after I leave here,” he told our correspondent on the telephone. However, the authorities of the school have condemned the beating of the female student, describing it as uncivil. This was contained in a statement issued and signed by the school Deputy Director Corporate Communications, Mr. Adebanjo Adegbenro, who said “FUTA deplores in the strongest terms the brutal treatment meted out to one of its students by some officers of the Nigerian Police in Akure. “According to the information at our disposal, the student who was on her way back to campus from a shopping complex located in the centre of town was stopped on the back of a motorbike and beaten by the officers who were in a patrol vehicle. “She sustained injuries on the head and the eye area following the unprovoked manhandling. The resort to such objectionable brutal treatment is not in sync with civilised norms and is at variance with all known rules of engagement between law enforcement officers and students under whatever guise.” The statement stated further that “the university, through its counselling unit and health centre, is providing adequate support for the student who has now been treated and discharged from the hospital. “The University notes the immediate intervention of the Commissioner of Police, Ondo State who met with the Dean Students Affairs and the leaders of the Students Union over the incident. “He also disclosed that an investigation had been ordered and that the erring officers will be made to face the full weight of the law.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...