Five persons were killed on Monday when two residential buildings collapsed in Kuraduge and Madachi villages of Kirikasamma Local Government Area of Jigawa State, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports. Our correspondent, who visited the area, reports that the buildings were among several others that gave way following days of rainfall in parts of the north-western state. Alhaji Salisu Garba-Kubayo, Chairman, Kirikasamma Local Government, who spoke on the development, said that the houses collapsed “during heavy rainfall”. “Three persons – a mother, Halima Manu, her daughter, Aisha Manu, and son, Dauda Manu, were killed in Kuraduge village, while a man, Musa Wuliwuli, and his wife, Hauwa Musa, were killed in Madachi village. ALSO READ: Army intercepts suspected oil thieves in Bauchi Princeton College girls win 2019 African Regional… Centre for Black Culture holds annual Ulli Beier lecture,… Kogi: Aspirant tells APC to conduct fair primary Sanwo-Olu swears in nine permanent secretaries “The rain also destroyed 200 houses in Kukadabu, 100 houses in Mattafari and 30 houses in Kuraduge,” he said, adding that most parts of the local government were affected by the flood disaster. He called on the state and the federal governments to come to the aid of the victims. “As we speak, more than 30 villages in Kirikasamma have been taken over by flood as a result of heavy rain. “We have provided thousands of sacks to residents of these villages to erect sandbag embankments to check the flood; they have spent days and nights doing this. “But, containing this problem is beyond our capacity; we want the Jigawa and Federal Government to come to our aid,” he pleaded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...