Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State on Wednesday congratulated Chief Adeniyi Adebayo on his inauguration as Minister of Industry, Trade, and Investment by President Muhammadu Buhari. Fayemi, in a congratulatory message by his Chief Press Secretary, Olayinka Oyebode, in Ado Ekiti described Adebayo’s appointment as recognition of his statesmanship, steadfastness and exemplary character. The governor described Adebayo, who was governor of Ekiti between 1999 and 2003, as a man of class, character, and courage. ALSO READ: FRSC returns 416,000 naira cash to accident victims Buhari approves Ipaye’s re-appointment, others in VP’s… Gov race:PDP clears 34 aspirants for Kogi, Bayelsa primaries Sonaiya applauds Sanwo-Olu for 32% female cabinet, urges… Joint military exercise shut down activities at Nigerian… Fayemi said he had no doubt that the new minister would bring his wealth of experience, extensive contacts, and managerial skills to bear in the new assignment. “On behalf of the government and good people of Ekiti State, we say a big congratulation to our very own man of honour, former governor and distinguished son of Ekiti on his inauguration as a minister of the Federal Republic. “He is a visionary leader who takes every assignment with calmness and diligence. The imprint of your socio-economic policies as governor of Ekiti almost two decades ago remains indelible. “We are confident that he will bring his wealth of experience, extensive contacts in the public and private sectors as well as managerial skills to bear on the new assignment as he had always done. “We wish him a successful tenure as minister and as a strategic player in our collective efforts at taking our dear country to the next level of development,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...