President Muhammadu Buhari has assigned portfolios to 43 new ministers, creating five additional ministries in the process. The new ministries announced by the president after administering the oath of office on the new ministers at the presidential villa, Abuja on Wednesday, were Police Affairs, Special Duties/International Affairs, Power. Aviation, Works and Housing and Humanitarian/Disaster Management. The President retained the Ministry of Petroleum Resources as the substantive minister while Timpre Silva was appointed as his minister of state. ALSO READ: Obiano’s aide tasks Anambra residents on healthy environment Babatunde Fashola was appointed as the minister of new stand-alone Works and Housing. Ministries of Finance, Budget and National Planning have been merged with Zainab Ahmed as the minister. Aviation was carved out from the Ministry of Transport with Hadi Sirika becoming the substantive minister. George Akume was named the Minister of the new Ministry of Special Duties and International Affairs. Former Akwa Ibom Governor, Godswill Akpabio is now the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs while Festus Keyamo was named the Minister of State in the Ministry. Full list of Ministers and their portfolios 1. Dr. Ikechukwu Ogah (State, Mines & Steel) 2. Mohammed Musa Bello (FCT) 3. Godswill Akpabio (Niger-Delta) 4. Chris Ngige (Labour & Employment) 5. Sharon Ikeazor (State, Environment) 6. Adamu Adamu (Education) 7. Maryam Katagun (State, Industry) 8. Timipre Sylva (State, Petroleum) 9. George Akume (Special Duties) 10. Mustapha Shehuri (State, Agriculture) 11. Goddy Jedy Agba (State, Power) 12. Festus Keyamo (State, Niger-Delta) 13. Ogbonnaya Onu (Science) 14. Osagie Ehanire (Health) 15.Clement Ike (State, Budget) 16. Richard Adebayo (Industry) 17. Geoffrey Onyeama (Foreign Aff.) Buhari approves Ipaye’s re-appointment, others in VP’s… Gov race:PDP clears 34 aspirants for Kogi, Bayelsa primaries Sonaiya applauds Sanwo-Olu for 32% female cabinet, urges… Joint military exercise shut down activities at Nigerian… 18. Ali Isa Pantami (Communication) 19. Emeka Nwajiuba (State, Education) 20. Suleiman Adamu (Water Res.) 21. Zainab Ahmed (Finance) 22. Muhammad Mahmood (Environment) 23. Sabo Nanono (Agriculture) 24. Bashir S. Magashi (Defence) 25. Muhammad Buhari (Petroleum) 26. Sen. Hadi Sirika (Aviation) 27.Abubakar Malami (Justice) 28.Ramatu Tijjani (State, FTC) 29. Lai Mohammed (Information) 30. Gbemisola Saraki (State, Transport) 31.Babatunde Fashola (Works & Housing) 32.Adeleke Mamora (State, Health) 33. Mohammed H. Abdullahi (State, Science & Tech.) 34. Zubair Dada (State, Foreign Aff.) 35. Olamilekan Adegbite (Mines & Steel) 36. Tayo Alasoadura (State, Labour) 37. Rauf Aregbesola (Interior) 38. Sunday Dare (Youth & Sports) 39. Paulen Talen (Women) 40. Rotimi Amaechi (Transport) 41. Maigari Dingyadi (Police Aff.) 42. Sale Mamman (Power) 43. Abubakar D. Aliyu (State, Works & Housing) 44. Sadiya Umar Faruk (Humanitarian & Disaster) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE WORLD!!! Man's Dead Manhood Resurrects,After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations,Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...