President Muhammadu Buhari says the nation’s anti-trafficking agency has rolled out the “Not for Sale” campaign to protect against the deceptions of human traffickers across the country. The president stated this in an opinion article he published in the United States newspaper, Washington Post to mark the United Nations declared International Day for the Remembrance of the Slave Trade and its Abolition. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported that the UN declared August 23 as International Day for the Remembrance of the Slave Trade and its Abolition. President Buhari maintained that the ”Not for Sale” campaign was also aimed at helping those who ”might be vulnerable to false promises to  see through the ruse and say no.” Buhari, who described modern slavery as not simply a campaign of hatred, but a means of making cheap money, advocated the review of anti-slavery laws to make it economically unprofitable. He said: “One distinction from then and now is important: the costs. From records, adjusted for today’s prices, the cost of a human-being-as-property was valued on average at $40,000. ”Today, it is just $90, sometimes even lower. We must remember that slavery is not simply a campaign of hatred, it is the pursuit of profit. ”One way to extinguish it in its current forms, therefore, is to make it economically unfeasible. Kano gov tussle: I have no case to answer —Ganduje Reps committee on abandoned communication projects begins… Gov primary: Bayelsa PDP elects 315 ad hoc delegates Yoruba leadership: No rancour in Afenifere ”This means making sure that any anti-slavery laws have bite, come with strong penalties and are enforced.” According to him, it is also vital to have a robust tip-off and reporting system. ”Where this once meant detecting ships, today the signs are less conspicuous. The public must be shown how to see what is hidden in plain sight, particularly signs of suspicious behaviour. ”This might seem broad. But vagueness should not give rise to reluctance to report anything that could be smuggling or forced servitude. ”If something doesn’t look right, report it, for you could be securing another human’s freedom,” he added. The president noted that the appearance of modern slavery might have changed, but the institution had not. He explained that in Africa, its modern forms include debt bondage, the enslavement of war captives, commercial sexual exploitation and forced domestic servitude. ”Holding people against their will, controlling their movements and forcing them to work for the sole profit of others — wherever they are — is slavery today and always.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...