Seplat Petroleum Development Company Plc, an independent oil and gas exploration and production company incorporated and operating in Nigeria, has been honoured with the award of Outstanding Indigenous Contributor to Gas Development in Nigeria. The oil and gas firm received the award at the recently concluded 2019 Annual Conference and Awards of the National Association of Energy Correspondents (NAEC) in Lagos. Receiving the award for Seplat Petroleum, the General Manager, External Affairs and Communications, Dr. Chioma Nwachuku, said the Company plays an active role in the Nigerian gas to power sector with its 525MMscfd gas processing capacity, stressing that the company currently contributes about 25% – 30% of domestic gas to power supply in Nigeria. Dr. Nwachuku lauded NAEC for its industry-focused activities while also thanking the body for honouring Seplat Petroleum for its well-deserved recognition. The General Manager, Strategy Economics and Planning, Seplat Petroleum, Mr. Anthony Agbojo, who represented the Seplat Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Austin Avuru, on a panel titled: “Commercial Viability in Gas to Power Value Chain,” reeled out Seplat’s huge investments in Nigeria’s gas value chain and the multiplier effects the intervention had had on the country’s economy. We must bridge 306 and 360/US$ forex rates ― Ahmed Sifax group announces 5-year strategic plan, purchases €18m… Imperial Logistics increases stake in UACN’s… Zenith Bank appoints Henry Oroh Executive Director,… Agbojo said Seplat remained committed to infrastructural development across all its facilities while maintaining high standards of asset integrity; citing the over $300million invested in the Oben gas plant expansion project. ALSO READ: We must bridge 306 and 360/US$ forex rates ― Ahmed He said: “Future infrastructural investments include a 75MMscfd gas plant installation in the West (Sapele) and the Assa-North Ohaji South (ANOH) project in the East to add 300MMscfd capacity by 2021. With both projects, Seplat would increase its total operated gas processing capacity by 80 per cent. This is on course to achieving our target to own and operate 1Bcfd of gas processing capacity by 2021. Among the personalities and industry professionals present at the event were: the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mallam Mele Kyari (represented by the Corporation’s Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Umar Ajiya); Managing Director of AITEO Group, Mr. Victor Okoronkwo; Chairman, Society of Petroleum Engineers, Nigeria Council, Mr. Debo Fagbami; representatives of the Department of Petroleum Resources, Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN), Niger Delta Power Holding Company, Nigeria Gas Association (NGA), Oando Plc, ExxonMobil Nigeria, Total Nigeria, Shell Nigeria, amongst others. Seplat recently also emerged as the Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board’s (NCDMB) most impactful independent upstream operating company for its local content initiatives at the Nigeria Oil and Gas Opportunity Fair (NOGOF) held at the new NCDMB headquarters in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State. In addition, Seplat, recently, was presented with the ASSP Safety Award for Excellence at the Nigeria Professional Development Conference and Exhibition in Lagos, organised by the American Society of Safety Professionals (ASSP), Nigerian Chapter. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...