It’s disheartening that the youth of today have gone beyond expectation. The love of fame and money had led many to the act of kidnapping, robbery and more importantly, internet fraud. Unfortunately, the youth that engaged in internet fraud popular called Yahoo boys are not just into it, but also into Yahoo plus, the modern Yahoo with ritual. These days the initiates of this crime sees nothing wrong in outright killing for ritual purposes, many use their loved ones for ritual all in the name of Yahoo. Recently, these yahoo boys had upgraded to using female underwear, such as Pants for their abominable act. This has gone to the level of “your pants or your life,” and benz are increasing while the feminine gender is decreasing. These so called yahoo boys had found joy in destroying people’s destiny, just for them to earn money. Whereas, this money are not used for something beneficial, they spend it on expensive phones, car, and in bars. ALSO READ: World Environment Day: Anambra govt to sensitize on air pollution Many young girls had fallen victim of these so called yahoo boys, they get enticed with the way these guys spend on them, and not knowing it’s a way to use them for their sacrifice. Although, not only prostitute fall victim of these people, decent and elegant lady also fall in this pit. In a case, where these yahoo boys bump into a supermarket or female hostel and forcefully collect ladies pant at gun point. What do you think of a lady, who shun the act of prostitution and waywardness and decide to preserve herself, falling victim of such crime. With her holy and preserved life, she is still being used by these yahoo boys. What is the fate of such person, when her destiny had been truncated because of the selfish act of this so called yahoo boys. Our youths of today, who can easily enroll in one vocational training to build their future, but because of their laziness and love of money, they had choosen to make other people cry and destroy lives, just for them to have cash at hand. When you fail to plan, you plan to fail, this is the time they should use in building their future, to earn money which will last longer and in which they can survive. Bolatito Abolade 08103672019 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.