Not fewer than 2,136 cooks vendors were enrolled in the second quarter of the renew school feeding programme across the three senatorial districts of Nasarawa state. Mr. Amos Magaji, the state’s programme manager of the social investment scheme, stated this in Lafia during a Quarterly meeting with Contractors and Cooks in Lafia/ Doma zone held at the Abacha youth center. According to him, the meeting aimed at identifying challenges and proffering solutions before schools resumption next week, which yielded the fruitful result that would stir the women in rendering efficiency service to children in schools. ALSO READ: Immunisation: Groups sign MoU on conditional cash transfer Rivers Rep warns SPDC to stop illegal activities in… My victory at tribunal, renewed hope for common man —… Imo West Tribunal judgement, temporary set back — Reps… Buhari, APC turned me to a social leper in South East ―… The programme manager, however, warned food vendors (cooks) against diversion of food items meant for the pupils, assuring of taking serious disciplinary action on anyone found wanting. ” I call on you to always exhibit a high sense of maturity and hygienic status by keeping your environment clean during cooking hours. Wash all dishes, pots, and spoons before cooking time. Desist from all forms of sharp practices”. He, however, commended the Federal Government under the leadership of President Buhari and the Nasarawa State Government for their immense assistance toward the actualization of the programme in the state. “We have an impressive enrolment of pupils now in our public schools in the state compared to previous years. We have also put in place mechanism ensure a standard for monitoring and supervision in carrying out the task ahead of us. I call on the stakeholders to contribute their quota towards monitoring of cooks and contractors in the state. Nigerian Tribune, however, observed that a lot of women complained of not given sufficient funds to feed required numbers of pupils assigned to them, thereby requesting for an increase of funds to N100 per child against the usual N70. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!