The five persons abducted by kidnappers in Igboora out of which four were lecturers of Oyo State College of Agriculture and Technology, Igboora, on Saturday regained their freedom. It could, however, not be ascertained if ransom was paid, but a source who was in the know alleged that about N5 million exchanged hands before the people were freed. The Public Relations Officer of the institution, Mrs Opeyemi Olawore, who spoke on the situation on Saturday night, said: “I am happy to announce that the five abductees have been released unhurt.” Speaking shortly after his release, the ASUP chairman, Olujide Opadijo, thanked everyone for their prayers and support, saying: “We thank God that we were released unhurt.” The chairman and four others were said to have been coming from a meeting in Saki when the incident occurred. Tribune Online learnt from a reliable source that the ASUP chairman and others were on their way to Igboora when the Toyota Sienna which conveyed them to the meeting developed gear problem. This, according to a reliable source, stalled their mobility, as they had to wait a long time to allow the gear box to cool before they could resume the journey. They were said to have managed the vehicle to Eruwa, prompting their decision to move on to Igboora where they could get reliable hands to check it. Unfortunately, the gear of the vehicle malfunctioned again, a development that made them to call on a friend to come and pick them on the way. Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Five wedding guests die in Ekiti auto crash Police arrest 75-year-old man for defiling 5-year-old girl… Housewife seeks divorce because husband refuses to pray The source said that as they were moving on, suspected kidnappers suddenly jumped on the road and started shooting into the air. The driver of the vehicle was said to have made an attempt to avoid the abductors by engaging the gear in reverse, but they became stuck. ALSO READ: Hide fleeing terrorists at your own peril, Army warns Nigerians The kidnappers reportedly rushed towards the occupants of the vehicle, picking four of them, while the driver escaped. Information gathered had it that when the state Commissioner of Police, Mr Sina Olukolu, got the report, he and other officers from different units went to the spot of the incident in the early hours of Friday and began the process to ensure the release of the victims. When contacted, Oyo State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Olugbenga Fadeyi, a Superintendent of Police (SP), confirmed the incident but promised that the victims would soon be rescued. Speaking on Saturday before their release, a member of the Opadijo family, simply identified as Mr Agboola, informed Tribune Online that the chairman’s father got wind of the news on the radio. “The college management and the police are currently handling the matter. I cannot say anything on details of whether they have contacted the family or not. I will advise that you speak with representatives of either the police or the college management,” he said. Also, a member of the Joint Action Committee (JAC), who spoke with reporters on Saturday, said the abductors called on Friday morning and demanded N500 million. Speaking under condition of anonymity, he revealed after a meeting on Saturday that since the state Commissioner of Police had taken over the matter and was personally in Igboora to monitor the situation, JAC would not want to give out more information about the incident. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!