Prof. Lawrence Ezemonye, Vice-Chancellor, Igbinedion University, Okada, (IUO) says effective academic networking in universities can improve national development and gain access to standard-based courses. Ezemonye said this on Monday at the opening of a four-day Cisco Networking Academy of South-South Instructors’ workshop. He said that networking academic training model could boost academies delivered to students and help in receiving support from Instructor Training Centres (ITC) and Academy Support Centers(ASCs). ALSO READ: Carry means of identification in Adamawa, Borno, Yobe, Army tells Nigerians The vice-chancellor said the programme with the theme: “Digital Skills and Entrepreneurship Development” was aimed at creating excellence through teaching, research and knowledge in response to contextualised national and global needs. “This workshop has attracted participants from over 85 institutions. The significance of digital skills in 21st-century education and national development is germane to this workshop. “The academic benefits of Cisco include access support and training to get the programme up and running,” he said. Ezemonye said that from this year, 100 level students would take a mandatory course in the Cisco academy. He said that this would help them to connect with educators and IT experts. Buhari unfolds plans to reverse climate change in Nigeria N90bn election fund: Your allegations against Osinbajo are… Lagos-Ibadan rail: Amaechi berates CCECC for slow pace of… How FG policy on diversification can work ―Oyetola Mr Daniel Ekpah, a member of South-South Cisco Academy Support Center said that Cisco had a vision which offered a curriculum that combined in-depth technical training and professional skills development. Ekpah encouraged students of IUO to make use of the opportunity to learn about Cisco, which could provide jobs for them after their graduation. Mr Raphael Asibor, the Director, ICT of IUO thanked Ezemonye for helping to transform the university’s ICT department and making it responsive to societal challenges. “This workshop will provide not only essential knowledge but also a great opportunity to share experiences on technical and regulatory issues,” he said. Asibor identified the benefits of Cisco Networking Academy to include access to online course delivery, learning management system and resources such as class guides, lab manuals and innovative learning tools. He encouraged IUO students to take the programme seriously and collaborate to share best practices as members of a global community of IT and networking professionals. NAN reports that the Cisco Networking Academy is an IT skills and career-building programme for learning institutions and individuals worldwide. It delivers a comprehensive 21st-century learning experience to help students develop foundational ICT skills. NAN Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!