Oyo state government has assured members of Ibadan Chamber of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture of adequate security of their businesses domiciled across the state. Special Adviser to the governor of Oyo State on security matters, Mr Fatai Owoseni, gave the assurance on behalf of the state government while featuring as the guest speaker during an enlightenment talk on the security situation in the state by the Oyo State Security Trust Fund which was held at the office of the Ibadan Chamber of Commerce in Ibadan. Owoseni, who posited that peace has relatively returned to Oyo state, said the state government is doing everything possible to ensure that lives and property of its citizens are well-protected. ALSO READ: Warri roads where over 50 churches battle for spaces, members Guber race: PDP will reclaim Kogi State ― Wada Makinde, a rare welfarist governor ― Ejiogbe Xenophobic attacks: SERAP seeks $10bn punitive damages… WAEC certificate: Vacate office now, PDP tells Buhari He stated that now is the time for members of the chamber to rejig their activities and remove the toga of Ibadan or Oyo state is layback in terms of economic prosperity, adding that opportunities abound in Oyo state are enormous and that members should try as much as possible to explore these opportunities as this would serve as an attraction to investors. He further said that members of the Ibadan Chamber of Commerce must help the state government to achieve its goal of making Oyo state one of the biggest hub in Africa. Owoseni, however, pledged that state government’s support to ensure that members’ businesses are well-protected wherever they are domiciled across the state. Also, speaking during the event, President, Ibadan Chamber of Commerce, Mr Ismaila Alapa, thanked Owoseni, for taking time to intimate members of government’s plans as far as getting the entire state secured is concerned, pledging members’ support for the government to adequately carry out its functions of protecting the lives and property of the citizenry of which members of the chamber are among. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.