Tragedy struck Tuesday noon in Warri, the commercial nerve-center of Delta State, as four masked suspected assassins mowed down one Mr. Solomon Ukueberuwa, throwing the city into palpable fear. Mr. Ukueberuwa was identified as a Chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and former chairman of Ekurede-Itsekiri/Ugbori Ward in Warri South Local Government Area of the state. Although there were conflicting reports as to the exact time he was reportedly shot dead, a source said it was at about 11:00 a.m while others said it was at about 12:45 p.m. ALSO READ: FG moves to stop oil and gas workers’ salaries over IPPIS The deceased, said to be a revenue collector with the Warri South LGA, was allegedly shot dead by four masked men at Cemetery Road by Odion Round-About in Warri. Nigeria’s Bande presides over first UN General Assembly Kenya to host inaugural Africa Food Show in 2020 FG moves to stop oil and gas workers’ salaries over… CBN reduces, charges on e-merchants collections Ukueberuwa, who was reportedly shot once in his right hand and twice on his head, was said to be popular with the nickname, Ogene. After confirming him dead, the assailants were said to have picked the shells of the pellets used from the scene probably in an attempt to leave no trace behind. The Warri South LGA Chairman, Dr. Michael Tidi, who confirmed the incident, condemned the killing, adding: “It is a sad story. His death is shocking to me. He was such an efficient guy.” Meanwhile, the Delta State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Adeyinka Adeleke, who confirmed the incident to journalists, said the deceased had reportedly received a call from a strange person before he was hacked down, adding that the assailants made away with the mobile handset of the deceased. As of the time of filing the report, the corpse of the victim had been deposited at a morgue in Warri. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!