Former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, has observed that both the Nigerian and South African governments have not done enough to end the xenophobic attacks directed at Nigerians in South Africa. In a statement he issued in Abuja on Tuesday, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate in the February 2019 election regretted that Nigerians have been at the receiving end of such attacks since the turn of the century. He observed that both countries share a good relationship, which must not be allowed to go sour because of the ugly occurrences. Atiku observed that what is going on in South Africa is an economic battle, urging both countries to sign new bilateral agreements to deal with the issues. The statement read: “It is perhaps the most disturbing development in the turn of the century that Nigerians who live in the Republic of South Africa have consistently been victims of xenophobic violent attacks. “Unfortunately, both countries have not done enough to reduce the spate of those attacks. “Both Nigeria and South Africa share a history of brotherhood and camaraderie at different times in our difficult times and it is very important that we do not allow this ugly development cause a blot in our shared history. “While I will recommend that both countries press all available diplomatic buttons as fast as possible, it is equally important to impress on citizens from both sides to see ourselves as brothers and never as adversaries. Oyo contractor promises January to deliver 10,000 metric… Nigerians call for economic boycott of South Africa… Ebonyi govt offers rent-free shops to traders at … Buhari pledges closer cooperation with Ukraine “True, the days of Apartheid in South Africa and military rule in Nigeria are far behind us, we still both have a common enemy, and that is in expanding the space for economic prosperity to a large range of our peoples. ALSO READ: Nigerians revolt on twitter over xenophobic attacks in South Africa “The new battle is economic in nature and it will be delusional for both Nigeria and South Africa to think that it is a battle we can win in isolation of each other. “Neither and never can victory in the economic battle come by the way of turning daggers at each other. “For Nigeria to realise her economic potentials, we must be ready to welcome and protect South Africa investments on our soil, and ditto for South Africa to welcome and protect Nigeria’s investment in capital and manpower. There are no short cuts. “The only path to success in the battle against poverty and lack of economic empowerment to our peoples will require Nigerians and South Africans to soldier on as brothers and sisters. “It must involve governments from both ends to rework our bilateral trade agreements and statutes to respond to the realities of this time. “Meantime, our mission in South Africa should open its doors wide open for all humanitarian support that could be required of them from Nigerian victims of these attacks. “Also, it will be a good take-off ground for the solution to this problem for the South African government to cause a probe into the attacks and bring all perpetrators to book.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...