The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) in Niger has inaugurated about 100 Agro Rangers, a specialised unit of the corps in the state. Speaking at the inauguration on Monday in Minna, the state Commandant of the corps, Mr George Edem, said the unit was created to tackle the menace of farmers/herders conflicts. “It is evident to all that in recent times one of the major problems in present-day Nigeria is farmers/conflicts. ALSO READ: EFCC forced me to carry placard at gun point ― Kwara lawyer “This has impeded on government activities in its determination to encourage foreign investors and enhance the diversification of the economy through investments in the agricultural sector. “These farmers/herders conflict is highly prevalent in the North Central geopolitical zone of Nigeria, in which Niger is not left out,” he said. Osinbajo, ministers, FG lawyers meet over P&IB $9.6b… Ekiti SUBEB Chairman seeks legislature’s support to revamp… Team up to improve healthcare delivery, FG charges… Police arrest suspect who allegedly stab okada rider to… Edem said that the agro-rangers were charged with the responsibility of securing those areas earmarked for National Livestock Transformation Plan. He said that the corps partnered with the Federal Ministry of Agriculture to train 750 of its personnel out of which 100 were posted to Niger. He said that the agro-rangers were trained with tools and machines that would ensure professionalism in the discharge of their mandate. Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger, commended the NSCDC for the initiative, adding that the state was a haven for agro investors and there was need to protect such investments. Bello, who was represented by the Secretary to the State Government, Mr Ahmed Matane, said the state has earmarked 44,000 hectares of land for grazing reserves. He assured the corps of the state government`s support towards its activities and programmes, adding that it had donated land for the construction of civil defence barracks. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...