Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, on Friday described the death of the President, Customary Court of Appeal, Justice Gloria Oladoke, as not only a loss to her family and the judiciary but also the state at large. The governor, who, on Thursday, dispatched a powerful state delegation led by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Prince Wole Oyebamiji, to Ile-Ife to condole with the family of late Justice, described the late jurist as an epitome of good character, integrity and selfless service. Oyetola, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Ismail Omipidan, commiserated with friends and professional colleagues of the late jurist, who served variously and meritoriously in Osogbo, Ede, Ilesa, Ikirun, Ila Orangun and Ile Ife Divisions of the High Court, before rising to the position of the president, Customary Court of Appeal. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/kidnap-osustech-lecturer-buried-amid-tears/ 44-year-old driver kills three in-laws in Edo Budget, security our major priority ― Senate President UPDATE: Atiku Abubakar writes Nigerians, solicits for more… BREAKING: Truck falls on Otedola bridge She was also at a point the acting Chief Judge of the state. She died on Thursday morning. He saluted Justice Oladoke’s forthrightness, her deep sense of patriotism, loyalty and commitment to the discharge of justice, which helped in no small measure to validate the popular axiom of the judiciary being the last hope of the common man. Oyetola further said: “I received with great shock the passing of the president of the state’s Customary Court of Appeal. Her death is not only a loss to her family and the judiciary alone, but to the state at large. “As people who believe in God, we should take it in good faith and give gratitude to God that the late Jurist ran a good race while she was alive. As a professional who started her career in the old Oyo State, as a youth corps member, the late Justice Oladoke showed class in the discharge of her responsibilities, as a judge. “My deep condolences go to the entire family, the judiciary as well as the entire state. She will be sorely missed. I pray for the peaceful repose of her soul and I pray God to give all of us the courage and fortitude to bear this irreplaceable loss”, the statement concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!