Osun State governor, Adegboyega Oyetola, on Monday said for the federal government policy on diversification to work effectively, all sectors must adopt and integrate it into their schemes and collaborate appropriately, to ensure its success. He made this disclosure at the opening ceremony of the 9th international conference of the Faculty of Technology, Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife. Speaking on the theme: “Diversification of Developing Economies: Imperatives for Sustainable Environment and Technological Innovations”, Oyetola who bagged the Obafemi Awolowo University’s Excellence Award in Public Administration on the occasion, also described the theme of the conference as a worthy domestication of the diversification of the economic policy of the federal government. ALSO READ: Oil theft: CSO urges FG to investigate alleged $1.35bn crude oil loss in 6 months The governor, who reiterated the administration’s determination towards building a ‘modern Osun’, said the government would not be deterred by the dwindling financial resources in its resolve to build a virile state that all and sundry will be proud of. Represented by the Supervisor, Ministry of Budget and Economic Planning, Professor Olalekan Yinusa, the governor said the state was ready to partner the university, particularly in the area of human and capital development. Buhari unfolds plans to reverse climate change in Nigeria N90bn election fund: Your allegations against Osinbajo are… Lagos-Ibadan rail: Amaechi berates CCECC for slow pace of… Oil theft: CSO urges FG to investigate alleged $1.35bn crude… He commended the institution’s Faculty of Technology for its foresight and resilience at equipping graduate youths with the requisite skills to effect change on the nation’s economy. Oyetola, however, urged the leadership of the faculty to pursue the recommendations of the conference to the logical conclusion to advance the exploration of the new ideas for the actualisation of global technological solutions. He stated “It is encouraging that this faculty will recognise my modest contributions to public service in the less than 10 years as Chief of Staff to the governor of Osun and governor after over thirty years in the private sector. “I regard this Award of Excellence in Public Administration as recognition of our giant strides at building the modern State of Osun in the face of dwindling financial resources in the past nine years. Those strides are products of courage, vision and unbridled commitment. I would like to thank my boss and immediate predecessor, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, for his belief in me and for baptising me in the nuances of the public service. I dedicate this award to him and my wonderful staff and the good people of Osun State for their wonderful support and cooperation. “Osun State is in a hurry to move to the next level in developmental strides. I would like to invite the Faculty of Technology of this university for partnership in this quest,” Oyetola remarked. Earlier, the Vice-Chancellor of the University, Professor Eyitayo Ogunbodede, applauded the faculty for the choice of the theme of the conference which he noted, was aimed at challenging the nation on the need to strengthen her economic diversification policy. “There is no doubt in the fact that our country needs a technology breakthrough to address myriads of her challenges particularly in the quest to diversify from the mono-economy to tourism, agriculture and solid minerals,” he stated. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!