Management of Cheshire home for the disabled and less privileged, Ibadan, has lamented recurrence of hoodlums invading the home to steal items donated and defiling some of their female residents. In the space of the past five months, thieves have broken into the home and assaulted residents on four occasions. This disclosure was made by Assistant Coordinator, Cheshire Home, Ibadan, Mr Kayode Lawal, when officials of the Nigerian Shippers Council (NSC), South-West zone visited to make donations to the home. Lawal particularly noted that the invasions and assault on residents usually occurred whenever groups and individuals visited the home to make donations. He pointed out that the vulnerability of the home to invasions was not unconnected with the seeming isolation of the community and it being surrounded by bushes. “We face the challenge of insecurity. Hoodlums invade us. In fact, between April and May, we have had four robbery incidents. They came in to steal and also raped some of our girls. “Our community seems isolated from other members of the public. So, some people take advantage of this to harass us at night. Anytime they see people visiting us to make donations, they gang up to hijack the gifts given to us. “This is not fair. They should not be stealing from people like us who are disabled and less privileged,” Lawal said. We will launch 20-year development agenda to save Oyo, Seyi… We will be bullish about implementing our development plans… Mugabe: Adeyeye, Shonibare caution African leaders on… Ekiti youths reject nullification of Senator Adeyeye’s… Asked what security measures had been taken to stem the tide, Lawal said the various assault was reported to the police and requested them to come patrol inside the home from time to time. ALSO READ: I survived nine litigations before my victory at tribunal ― Abiodun He added that it intended to fix its burglary, while the local government had helped to clear the bushy environment around the home. While appreciating the NSC, South-West zone for its donation of items like washing machine, freezer, iron, mosquito nets, rechargeable lanterns and generating set, Lawal decried that the home was short of adequate fund for its smooth running. He said the home spent N1.6 million feeding 78 residents on a monthly basis, urging the state government and well-meaning individuals to increase its grants, donations to such homes. Assistant Director, NSC South-West zone, Mr Uche Nwogu, who led the Shippers’ council team urged the Cheshire management to efficiently utilise the items donated to improve the living of the less privileged residents. In continuing its Corporate Social Responsibility mission in the South-West zone, the shippers’ council team subsequently visited the Adeoyo Maternity Hospital, Yemetu, Ibadan to also make donations. Items donated at Adeoyo hospital included hospital beds, overlay mattresses, bedspreads, blankets, fridge. Receiving the items, Dr Wale Falana of the Oyo State Ministry of Health, appreciated the gesture of NSC, adding that the state government was open to collaborations that would improve the state’s health sector. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!