The Coalition of Ekiti Youths for Peace (CEYFP) on Sunday rejected the judgment of the National Assembly Election Petition Tribunal which nullified the election of the Senator representing Ekiti South Senatorial District of Ekiti State, Senator Adedayo Adeyeye. The group in a statement signed by its National Chairman, Comrade. Dayo Oluwatosin, and made available to newsmen on Sunday expressed shock over the judgment, describing it as “very reckless and unprecedented in the annals of the judiciary in the country.” It described the judgment as “a provocative, barefaced subversion of justice and direct assault on the integrity of our nation’s justice system.” The group described the judgement as illogical, uncoordinated and totally at variance with the law and the constitution. According to the coalition, “the Justice Danladi Adeck-led panel in Ekiti Elections Petitions Tribunal did absolutely no credit to the reputation of hard-working members of the judiciary who continue to uphold their oaths of office to dispense justice to all manners of men and women. “The Adeck-panel was reckless, very reckless. They violated the law and the facts and delivered a purely fictional judgement. “Youths and indeed the vast majority of voters trooped out in large numbers on February 23rd, 2019 to vote massively for the APC in the Presidential and National Assembly elections. We will launch 20-year development agenda to save Oyo, Seyi… We will be bullish about implementing our development plans… Mugabe: Adeyeye, Shonibare caution African leaders on… Osun bags World Bank Nigeria Portfolio performance award ALSO READ: Tribunal decides Makinde, Adelabu’s fate Monday “The election was the freest and fairest in the history of the state. Our votes must count. Someone somewhere cannot come and rub us of our votes. The judgement of the Tribunal is nothing short of daylight robbery. “We are trying to eradicate corruption in our society, yet some people who are privileged to be saddled with societal trust are bent on capsizing it because of greed. What lessons are they leaving for the youth who are watching these macabre and disgraceful displays? “This is more reason why most of our youths are now exposed to various levels of crimes as a result of the glaring foundation of anomalies left for us by the so-called privileged elites. “We the Coalition of Ekiti Youths For Peace stand firmly for democracy in the face of serious assault against it by incompetent and corrupt officials. “Neither the people of Ekiti State, Ekiti South Senatorial District and Nigeria as a whole will forgive this unpatriotic judgement.” The coalition, however, urged the people from Ekiti South Senatorial District to be encouraged as the party would seek justice at the Court of Appeal. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!