Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde has called on members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South West geopolitical zone to remain united and focused so as to enhance the fortunes of the party in the zone. A statement by Governor Makinde’s Chief Press Secretary, Mr. Taiwo Adisa confirmed that the Governor also offered to play his part in ensuring a united front for the PDP in the zone. He said that all hands must be on deck to ensure that the PDP wins more laurels in the off season elections slated for Ondo, Ekiti and Osun states. “Unity is the only way that can give us victory in any election, without unity we can’t be victorious.” the Governor said. He asked the State chapters of the PDP to learn from the experience of the party in Oyo state, adding they lost out to a party that won only 33 per cent of the votes. ALSO READ: Buhari to attend ECOWAS summit on counter terrorism The Governor said the meeting was meant to discuss issues bothering on the party in all South West states and rub minds on ways to tackle the challenges collectively. “After the election, this will be the first opportunity for me to say thank you for your support, prayers through the electioneering process and election. “We cannot do it alone. You called us and gave us advice that pointed us to certain directions that contributed to the success  that actually delivered Oyo State for PDP.” Basic healthcare provision fund: Poverty, population… FUOYE investigates attack on Fayemi’s wife NDLEA arrests 21 suspected drug peddlers in Taraba Brigade commander tasks NYSC members on national integration Governor Makinde also told the gathering that his government would test true federalism to its limits adding that the government would ensure the what is due to the state is received. He said: “We can only be strong and move fast as long as we can be united.”The Governor equally pledged to carry all the PDP leaders in Southwest along in his administration so as to give them the sense of belonging. He expressed dissatisfaction with the verdict of the Election petition tribunal which adjudicated on the presidential  election held on February 23, adding that he was in fully in support of the decision to escalate the case to the Supreme Court. The Governor, therefore, urged all the aggrieved party members to allow the peace and harmony to reign in the party so as to improve on the current fortunes in the State. At the end of the meeting, the National Vice Chairman, Southwest, Dr.Eddy Olafeso presented the communique, which read: “All PDP Southwest Members congratulate His Excellency, Engr Seyi Makinde, on his election and inauguration as Governor of Oyo State. We thank him for his leadership role in the Zone. “It also further commended him for the giant strides he continues to take in the administration of the State. These deft moves confirm his determination and preparedness to drive the frontiers of development to new heights in Oyo State and set a new pace for other states to follow. “Also, indeed proud of achievements recorded within his first 100 days in office. “We also take serious view of the verdict of the Presidential Election Petitions Tribunal verdict on the petitions of our Party and candidate, His Excellency, Atiku Abubakar, GCON, therefore, put on record our disappointment that justice was not done, in view of the plethora of evidences laid before it, and resolves to support the Party to appeal against same at the Supreme Court, due attention is accorded to the verdicts of both the Court of Appeal and Supreme Court on the Osun State Governorship election, particularly its resolve to subject the electoral  desires and expression of the people of that State to the technicality of a judge missing just a day’s sitting at the Tribunal level. “While we continue to accord due respect to the Judiciary, it is essential that its rulings and verdicts command the respect and confidence of the citizenry in the interest of the nation. That the Party must review the conduct of off-season elections in the South West, with a view to develop a response system that will forestall, arrest and vanquish all APC inspired rigging plans in future elections beginning with the very next Gubernatorial elections in Ondo State. “The party takes serious notice of the students’ demonstration at the Federal University of Science, Oye- Ekiti and the resultant killing of at least two students by the Police. “We declare that it is callous and criminal of the Police to use live ammunition on unarmed student demonstrators, therefore demand that those irresponsible officers who killed them must be fished out for trial. Party leaders in attendance at the meeting include Leader stalwarts in attendance were: National Deputy Chairman (South), Elder Yemi Akinwonmi; National Vice Chairman (South West), Dr Eddy Olafeso, and all chairmen of the party in the zone. Former Deputy Governor of Ekiti State, Prof.Olusola Eleka, PDP South west Zonal Secretary, Rev.Bunmi Jenyo,National Treasurer, Hon.Adewale Aribisala and  Former Lagos Deputy Governor, His Excellency,  Chief Kofoworola Akerele-Bucknor and the 2019 PDP governorship candidate in Lagos State, Mr Jimi Agbaje. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!