THE Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has implored Nigerians to unite in supporting the programmes of the Federal Government. MURIC made the plea in a statement by its director, Professor Ishaq Akintola, in which it commended the government for closing the country’s borders, a decision it described as capable of protecting the country’s economic interests. The organisation described the government’s decision as long overdue, just as it also implored citizens who are involved in “economic sabotage” to seek noble ways of survival. DSS yet to get court order on Sowore — Spokesman Never stop seeking Allah’s favour, cleric urges Muslims ‘Muslims are subjected to hate speech the most’ Group advises Muslims on stress management, warns against… Muslim group commends Immigration on issuance of e-passport “This decision is long overdue. Nigeria should not continue to be the economic fall guy of its neighbours. Anyone familiar with recent happenings in the global community will know that governments all over the world are taking economic decisions to protect their citizens. Britain’s Brexit saga and the United States border conflict with Mexico are good instances. The same America is engaged in cut-throat trade war with China. “The fact that tiny Benin Republic, Nigeria’s closest neighbour to the west whose population is just 11.8 million, imports 936,522 tons of rice which its population does not need is astounding. How can Benin Republic be the sixth largest importer of rice in the world? Is it not at Nigeria’s expense? Yet it is not Benin Republic alone. Burkina Faso, Chad, Cameroon, Mali and Niger are all milking Nigeria. “It is also not about rice alone. Our porous borders have been hurting other products. Petrol is a good example. The Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency, (PPPRA), recently revealed that Nigeria was using 61 million liters daily before the closure but this has reduced to 50.22 since Nigeria closed its borders. This implies that daily supply of petrol for local consumption has drastically reduced by 10,078,000 liters. This reduction is a vehement testimony to the wisdom in Federal Government’s decision to close Nigeria’s borders. “It is in this light that MURIC commends the Federal Government for its foresight. We charge Nigerians to unite in their support for the programmes of the government. We have all seen that President Muhammadu Buhari means well for the country. He is honest, transparent and pragmatic. His Spartan way of life despite the fact that he has had so many opportunities to enrich himself in the past and even now is enough proof that he has no plan to enrich himself or his friends.” “We implore Nigerians who are involved one way or the other in economic sabotage to seek other noble ways of survival and to seize one of the several windows of opportunities opened by this administration for self-employment. We invite opposition figures and other critics to join hands with the Federal Government in strengthening the country’s economy. We can survive without politics but no nation can survive without a stable and virile economy,” MURIC said. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.