A medical expert, Dr Gboyega Akere has cautioned that persistent constipation, especially in the elderly people should be a cause of worry, being a common symptom in diseases such as stroke, cancer and diabetes. Dr Akere, a consultant physician and gastroenterologist, who spoke at the fourth Basic Certificate Course in Geriatric Medicine at the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan stated that although constipation may be a minor symptom of stroke, the possibility of cancer must be ruled out in all persons with constipation. The medical expert declared that every case of persistent constipation must be investigated to be sure of what is causing it before it is assumed to be normal. Dr Akere stated that because food takes a longer time to digest in elderly people, they experience constipation more than other age groups and also stand a higher risk of chest infection from food absorption into their airways. He added that in some instance, reduced frequency of bowel movement and sensation can also be a side effect of medications many elderly people take to manage their other medical conditions as well as other diseases such as infection in the colon and inflammatory bowel disease. UCH to champion intervention radiology services, training in… FG charges Nigerian universities on study of herbal medicine UCH acquires anaesthetic machines worth N81m to reduce… Punitive laws associated with HIV infections in female sex… BREAKING: Senator Douye Diri wins Bayelsa PDP governorship primary He said: “constipation in anyone is not a good symptom. Apart from the discomfort it causes, it can give abdominal discomfort, because of the inability to pass faeces. “So it is a very significant symptom which needs to be resolved in anybody, not only elderly people. But the elderly are more prone to it because of the changes in their gastrointestinal tract and because they may also have other diseases such as Parkinson’s disease and stroke. “In cancer of the colon, constipation might be the symptom. A mass in the colon can block the colonic lumen and faeces will not come out. That is why in an elderly person, a complaint of constipation must first rule out all organic diseases, including cancer.” Dr Akere, however, suggested that people that experience constipation regularly should increase their intake of fluid, fruits and vegetables and physical activity. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...