The Lagos State House of Assembly has disclosed it is yet to conclude investigation on the procurement of 820 buses by the immediate past Governor of Lagos State, Mr Akinwunmi Ambode. The Chairman of the Investigation Committee, Hon. Fatai Mojeed made this disclosure to Nigerian Tribune in an exclusive interview held yesterday at the Assembly in Lagos. Hon. Mojeed noted that the outcome of the investigation cannot be predicted until the findings are done and resolutions reached. “Well! We are still waiting. We are still in the process. Once we get to the root of the matter, we will make it known to the general public. ALSO READ: Muslim group commends Immigration on issuance of e-passport “There is a cliche that you don’t predict the outcome of an event until you bring your exhibit before the judge for his final verdict” Hon. Mojeed said. It would be recalled that one month ago Nigerian reported that the House constituted a committee to inquire into the purchase of 820 buses by the immediate past Governor of the State, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode. The Speaker stated that the idea of the procurement of the buses was outrightly rejected when presented before the House. Obasa emphasized the need to investigate the purchase of the 820 buses out of the 5,000 buses proposed by Ambode for mass transit which was outrightly objected by the legislative arm. Nigeria@59: Fintiri pardons 18 prisoners to mark… Independence: Ondo govt commutes seven death sentence to… Nigeria@59: Gbajabiamila tasks Nigerians on unity, prayers… Army needs spiritual help to defeat Boko Haram ― Buratai He explained that the executive proposed to spend N17bn to purchase the buses in the 2017 budget, which was not approved by the Assembly. Ajayi further explained that the state government proposed N24bn and N7bn respectively, but these were not approved in the 2018 and 2019 budgets. While reacting to the recent protest by a group called Lagos Vanguard Youths demanding the former Governor probed, The Chairman said that they should present their facts to the Assembly. He noted that the Assembly will only act based on the fact presented to it. ALSO READ: Sanwo-Olu’ll soon give commissioner’s slot to Bariga ― Senator Adefuye “In this country, there is freedom of speech. So, anyone can come and stage a protest. It is now left for the Assembly to look at it and judgment will be made based on the fact presented before the House. “If the public has anything against the past or present government or even some of us in the office, let them bring it. “We act based on the fact before us. They cannot just come and protest that they want this and that, where are the verifiable fact and figures” The Chairman said. Nigerian Tribune reported six days ago that a Group of Protesters known as Lagos Youth Vanguard (LYV) stormed the Lagos State House of Assembly to demand the probe of former governor Akinwunmi Ambode of the state over alleged corrupt activities. The Lagos Youth Vanguard stated that Ambode deliberately laid landmine through the obvious improper, inappropriate and insufficient content in his handover note that should serve as a guide to the incoming administration in the tradition of every civilised public officer. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.