GOVERNOR Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State has stated that the complex nature of the Nigerian society is not conducive for state policing as being agitated by some Nigerians. The Governor said this while responding to questions as a guest on Lagos-based television station at the weekend. He identified funding as a major issue that will stand in the way of setting up state police in the country. Engineer Sule who disagreed with the suggestion that police officers should be posted to their place of origin in order to effectively discharge their responsibilities, emphasized that state police is not the solution to the country’s security challenges. The governor said his administration has decided to embrace community policing rather than the state police, because security is a responsibility of everyone and that the people in the various communities are in a better position to police their environment. “Today, in every community, you will have a traditional ruler, community leaders, stakeholders and more. These people are really responsible for the protection of that community, not necessarily the police,” the governor stated. Engineer Sule described those agitating for the introduction of language to determine where a police officer should serve as being “off the mark”, adding that the real issue is about finding the right people who will assist the security agencies and the communities towards ensuring that crime and criminalities are reduced to the nearest minimum. 1999 Constitution is Boko Haram GenCos releases 3,767MW of electricity to national grid Kidnap: OSUSTECH lecturer buried amid tears UPDATE: Ogun Tribunal throws out Akinlade’s petition… “That is the reason why we embraced community policing and carry it along. It’s little cheaper for us to manage, less sophisticated than taking state police as a whole,” Engineer Sule said. ALSO READ: Gov Bello meets stakeholders, explains govt’s sacrifices for unity of Kogi State The governor cited instances, where institutions set up by the state to man communities, have succeeded like the LASTMA in Lagos State and NAYES in Nasarawa State. “Let’s look at other national issues like the police, that have been handled by the states, whether such has been handled properly or not,” he pointed out. Governor Sule cited that failure of most state electoral commissions across the country to conduct credible, free and fair elections, compared to what the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) is doing. According to him, the crisis bedevilling council elections arise mostly because the state electoral commissions are under the direct control of the governors. It will be recalled that only last week, the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, while on an official visit to Abeokuta, Ogun State, said the Federal Government has resolved that communities should take over the policing of their environment, while the conventional police force should give them the needed backups and support. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!