Less than 24 hours after a suspected cultist was killed at Ukpiovwin in Udu town near Warri, a yet-be-identified corpse was, Friday morning, found under the popular Effurun Flyover in Uvwie Local Government Area of Delta State. Tribune Online reliably gathered at the wee hours of Saturday that the victim might have been hacked down by suspected rival cultists. Feelers said the deceased was likely returning from a church vigil when he met his untimely death under the flyover not far from the Delta Shopping Mall. A source said the deceased, himself likely a cult member who attends church services like many others do as a decour, must have been killed by suspected rival cult members. Tribunal nullifies PDP lawmaker’s election in Oyo,… Tribunal dismisses three petitions, affirms Ihedioha’s… We’ll make Nigeria’s GDP largest in Sub-Saharan… Fire guts WHO storage facility in Osogbo Tribune Online gathered that the incident had been reported at the Ekpan Police Division, but the DPO, Mr Ibok Asananyi, when contacted, had his phone line busy and also did not reply to a text message sent to his mobile handle. ALSO READ: We are in Rivers State on solidarity visit ― Tambuwal Although a senior cop confirmed the development to TribuneOnline, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta State Police Command, Onome Onovwakpoyeya, did not pick calls made to her mobile line. It will be recalled that in spite of the ongoing dusk-to-dawn curfew at Udu Local Government Area of Delta State to stem the heinous activities of cults, one Chief Egolor Kolo was reportedly stabbed to death by suspected rival cultists at about 8:00 p.m on Thursday at Ukpiovwin in Udu town. Udu and Uvwie local government areas have been in the radar of recent over heinous and cruel killings masterminded by counter cults with operatives of the Nigeria Police seeming helpless in arresting the trend. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!