The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) has approached a Federal High Court, sitting in Abuja, for an order of interim injunction for the forfeiture of N840 million traced to a retired President of the Benue State Customary Court of Appeal, Justice Margaret Igbeta. The Commission, in an ex-parte motion filed at the court, said that the order would stop Justice Igbeta from accessing the money alleged to have been obtained through fraudulent activities in the course of her official duties. ICPC noted that the request for the interim forfeiture was filed pursuant to Section 48 (1), (2) and (3) (a) and (b) of the Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Act, 2000 and Section 6 (6)(a) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, as amended. ALSO READ: Ooni of Ife to inaugurate maiden Oduduwa Mobile Library First 100 days of Tinubu as gov is my most challenging… Group backs SouthEast Govs, warns against plot to install… No hiding place for criminals in kano ― Ganduje PDP primaries: Bello receives Adamawa counterpart, Gov… The retired President of the Customary Court of Appeal was accused of operating a proxy, fixed deposit account in the name of her maid, one Theodora Atsu, with Ecobank Plc, where she accumulated N870, 321, 492.15 between 2008 and 2019. She was said to have opened the account with her passport and the name of Atsu on the 5th of March, 2008, with an initial deposit of N8 million. Justice Igbeta was alleged to have subsequently made several other huge deposits including N123, 745, 925.57 and N5 million, in the months of March and May, 2008. The Commission also alleged that the money was far above her legitimate earnings, both as a judge and President of the Customary Court of Appeal within the period that the account was operated and would have used to meet the infrastructural needs of the citizens and development of the nation. ICPC, therefore, prayed the court to grant the order in the interest of the nation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...