OYO State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde has again reassured the people of the state that his administration will continue to implement good policies that will, in return, bring total transformation in the state. Makinde also reiterates the fact that since education for all is the responsibility of all, the state government will also seek partnership to develop the education sector. Governor Makinde disclosed this on Thursday during the commissioning of Model school at Baptist Basic school 1 and 2, Isokun, Oyo township, to commemorate the 100 days in office of his administration. Makinde who reiterated the fact that the major responsibility of the government is to ensure that quality and free basic education is provided for school-age children, as they are the leaders of tomorrow. According to him “our government will continue to influence and implement good policies that will bring total transformation to the state while with support of all, we shall record unprecedented achievements thus, leaving our footprints in the sand of time. “The present administration is not oblivious of the fact childhood is filled with natural wonders and curiosity and that learning environment must reflect a classroom and outdoor space that inspire a sense of wanting to investigate and explore. This was part of what necessitated the need to embark on a project like this which will enable our children both their natural and social environments. NLC kicks against concession of 22 Teaching Hospitals FG should demand compensation for victims of xenophobic… Withdraw arrest order on Okorocha, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youths… Give scholarship to deserving applicants, Ikpeazu tells… ALSO READ: Gov Bagudu urges banks to increase loan for agric sector Earlier in his speech, the executive chairman, Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Dr Nureni Adeniran affirmed the commitment of Makinde’s administration to education. He thus urged the people of the state have duty to perform in ensuring that all our  children of school age are in school for the development of the state. He said “our amiable Governor’s commitment to resuscitating the ailing standard of education which has been on decadence for the past eight years and especially the cancellation of N3,000 per session payable by each student in the state is highly commendable. “Without exaggeration, the present government is more committed to the education of her citizenry as he has committed a minimum of 10 per cent of the state budget to education.” Adeniran then expressed appreciation to Universal Basic Commission (UBEC) for “providing the matching grants and especially to Oyo state government for Alao making available the counterpart guns without which these model school projects would not have seen the light of the day.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...