Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, on Monday inaugurated eight of the newly renovated Primary Health Care Centres (PHCs) across the state, saying the health of the citizenry remain topmost in his administration priority. Similarly, former Minister of Health, Professor Isaac Adewole maintained that the governor’s decision to construct, renovate and revitalised 332PHCs at a go, is unprecedented in the history of the country. The state government had last week announced that it will commence the inauguration of 100 newly-renovated PHCs. The project is in fulfilment of the governor’s electoral promises to construct, renovate and revitalise 332 PHCs one-per-ward across the state. Oyetola flagged off the inauguration, with PHC Sabo, Olorunda Local Government Area, PHC Odi-Olowo, Osogbo Local Government Area and PHC Adejuwon, Ede-North Local Government Area, being personally inaugurated  by him, while PHC Odesan and PHC Fayemi Ikija, all in Ife-South Local Government Area, were inaugurated by the Deputy Governor, Mr. Benedict Alabi. ALSO READ: Invest in humanity, not nuclear weapons, Ooni urges world leaders Also, PHC Anwo, Irepodun Local Government Area and PHC Akinorun, Ifelodun Local Government Area and PHC Ifewara, Atakunmosa -West Local Government Area, were inaugurated by the Chief of Staff to the governor, Dr. Charles Akinola; Head of Service, Dr. Festus Olowogboyega Oyebade and Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Prince Wole Oyebamiji in that order. In all, 25 of the PHCs are expected to be inaugurated between Monday and Wednesday. Speaking at one of the inauguration ceremonies, the governor noted that the state’s revitalisation initiative is a holistic programme that covers renovation of facilities, provision of modern equipment, supply of drugs, training and retraining of staff and employment of technology to power healthcare delivery for optimum results. According to Oyetola, “of the 332 health centres slated for renovation, rehabilitation, upgrading and revitalisation, 175 have been awarded and 100 have been completed while others are at varying advanced stages of completion. The inauguration of the completed health centres is being done on a batch-by-batch basis. “The renovation and revitalisation of this health centre will signal the arrival of improved healthcare delivery and well-being in this community and its environs”, Oyetola asserted. In his remark, former Minister of Health, Professor Adewole said “with what I have read and seen myself, I can say it without equivocation that no governor has done what Osun had done particularly in the health sector. As much as I am glad at the giant strides being recorded by the Oyetola- led government, I am appealing to the state not to relent in its efforts to take the state to enviable heights. Earlier, the Supervisor for Works, Remi Omowaye, lauded the efforts of the state government at ensuring that every citizen has access to quality, affordable and adequate health facilities in the state. Omowaye who is a member of the State Health Revitalization Committee, appealed to the staff and residents of the community to complement the government’s efforts by putting the facilities into good use. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!