For Muhammed Akanji Yekini, a tailor and resident of Ogbomoso in Oyo State, life is one of constant pain and discomfort as a result of eye and ear issues which also affect other parts of his body, a pain he had been trying to heal for a decade. For the old man, trouble started in 2009 when he visited a hospital for a minor eye treatment; the treatment however went wrong and he started having issues in his ears and other parts of his body. According to him, when he went for the eye treatment, he was told to raise his eyes upwards when going to sleep after applying a particular ointment to his eyes to relieve him of the pain he felt but during the course of using the medication, it got into his ears and since then, everything changed, he has been living with diverse minor ailments in his body and it seems he is having a gradual system collapse. He now finds it difficult to sleep, eat or hear. “I constantly feel ache in my ears and usually feel like there are some things making noise with echoes, I can’t use the phone because I cannot hear what is being said.  I have visited several health care centres, federal hospitals, the university college hospitals in Ilorin and Ibadan as well as some state and private hospitals that include Kwara State hospital, Bowen University Teaching Hospital and Highland Specialist Hospital, Ibadan. “What I have is a list of endless prescriptions, doctor appointments, test result, receipts of drugs purchased and credit records as I have spent all I have on getting well. I am already low on funds and have nobody to help me. I have been told that I need surgery as a final solution and for this, I was asked to raise N10m to be able to live in good health. How ‘Ignite Makoko’ project trained 100 children to read,… Gospel artiste needs N8m for kidney transplant Baruwa: Tribute to a pathfinder Border closure: When ‘Big-Brother’ shut the door Importers,… “Where do I get money for such? I am only a tailor and I don’t have anyone living with me. I now live from hand to mouth because I have spent all my money on tests and drugs. I borrowed money to come down to Ibadan to ask for help. I don’t think the drugs even work anymore,” Yekini lamented. He pleaded with the general public come to his aid and save him from the pain through free medical aid or funds for surgery as the problem has started to affect his limbs, eyes and private organ. He can be reached on 08033776953 for medical aid or financial help can be sent to: Mohammed Yekini Akanji First Bank 3026633313 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...