THE Archbishop of Lagos Province and Bishop of Remo Diocese, Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion), Most Reverend (Dr) Olusina Fape, has urged clerics to be contented with what they have and not run after the things of the world. Fape said this during his sermon at the 80th birthdays and 54th wedding anniversary celebrations of retired Bishop and Mrs Matthew Owadayo in Ibadan, Oyo State, last Saturday, adding that nowadays, clerics run after so many wordly things. He, however, urged them to look unto God as the Owadayos did, reassuring them that God, who did not forsake the couple, will be with as many clerics as are faithful to the call. Xenophobic attacks: Don’t retaliate, protect South Africans, Adeboye… According to him, birthday and wedding anniversary celebrations are opportunities to take stock and thank God for the gift of life. ‘Government officials must always have time for God’ Invest more in education to end insecurity,  Kumoluyi… Cleric urges prayers for Nigerians facing xenophobic attacks OAIC wants S/West governors to draw master plan for region “Are you living your life without impacting your generation like Methuselah who lived for 965 years?” Fape asked. Most Reverend noted that in this present dispensation where wives and mothers-in-law are not in good terms, Mrs Owadayo took her mother-in-law in and took very good care of her. Fape also said it was Owadayo who encouraged him  to accept his stationing at Immanuel College of Theology, Ibadan, as a lecturer rather than leaving the Anglican Communion to start his own church. “Today, I’m better off,” he admitted. He also described Bishop Owadayo as a humble, selfless and great teacher, who should be emulated. “I am grateful to him because he saw in me a great future and decided to nurture me,” Fape disclosed. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...