A woman, Abidolu Sheriff has approached Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, seeking that it dissolves her one-year old marriage to her husband, Rasaki Sheriff. Abidolu accused her husband of using diabolic means to marry her. She also indicted her husband of irresponsibility and battery. The plaintiff further appealed to the court if her prayer was answered to grant her custody of their only child who is a few months old. Rasaki agreed to claim. Abidolu, giving her evidence said:”My lord, till date I can’t explain how I got married to Rasaki.  I have no doubt in me that he cast a spell on me. “I was dating another man and we were already preparing for our marriage before Rasaki approached me for a relationship. I turned down his request but he insisted on marrying me. He vowed to do all in his power to ensure I ended up in his house and he made his threat real. “My lord, all I knew was that I suddenly lost interest in my ex fiancé and fell head over heels in love with Rasaki. “I ended up marrying him as he vowed but I lost my peace and joy. “My lord, Rasaki is a brute. We fight constantly and he beats me blue black. “He’s irresponsible and not interested in my survival and that of our child. He has made the responsibility of meeting our daughter’s need solely mine. “I daily appeal to him to set me up in a business but he has bluntly refused to do so. I, therefore, wallow in hunger and need. “Every time we fight, he will abandon me and our child and I would be left with no other option than to go to my mother to beg for money and food. “My lord, my father in-law of recent advised that I part ways with my husband. According to him, he was informed by a spiritualist that we are not compatible. My wife was constantly having sex with her ex fiancé;… ‘No man has approached me for a relationship since my… My wife sleeps around, smokes 50 sticks of  cigarette in a… My wife is promiscuous, please separate us before she… “I, therefore, pray this honourable court to separate us, “she stated. “My lord, I’m more ready than ever for divorce. I’ve bore enough headache and unrest as a result of my wife’s troublesome nature, “Rasaki said. “Abidolu has no regard for me and my family members. She’s constantly rude to me and treats my family members with contempt. “She not only fights me, she also extends her cruel behaviour  to our  neighbours. “My lord, Abidolu had a misunderstanding with a neighbour who is pregnant. They had a heated argument and before we knew it, Abidolu went for a knife and stabbed her. This woman escaped death by whiskers after losing much blood. She’s presently on admission in the hospital while I have expended all on me on her medical bills. “My wife  attempted  to stab me that same day after I chastised her for almost committing murder, “the defendant added. “My lord, she lied that I’m irresponsible. I have on my phone the money transfers I made into her account for her upkeep and that of our child any time I was out of town. “This is aside what my sister gives her any time she’s in need when I’m not around, “he concluded. Giving his judgment, the court president stated that their relationship had broken down irrevocably. Ruling he dissolved their wedlock and granted custody of their child to the plaintiff. The defendant was mandated to pay N5, 000 through the court monthly as their child’s feeding allowance and be in charge of her education and health care. He was further requested to pay the plaintiff the sum of N3, 000 to pack her belongings from his home. Lastly, he was asked to rent an apartment for the defendant in view of the fact that their child was under a year old.   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!