VICE-President Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, on Wednesday said he is prepared to waive his constitutional immunity to “enable the most robust adjudication” of several baseless allegations, insinuation and falsehoods against his person and office. Osinbajo who is angered by the development, said he has already instituted legal action against two individuals, one Timi Frank and another Katch Ononuju, he noted have put their names to the alleged odious falsehoods. Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity Office of the Vice President, Mr Laolu Akande, in a statement in Abuja said Osinbajo made the declaration in a tweet he personally authored in the afternoon on Wednesday. ALSO READ: Ekiti committed to tackling open defecation ― Fayemi The full text of his tweet reads: “In the past few days, a spate of reckless and malicious falsehoods have been peddled in the media against me by a group of malicious individuals. Man hacked to death over alleged eyeing of married woman in… UNGA video: Buhari’s remark was within context ― Presidency More than 1,100 protesters arrested after demonstration in… Bouteflika’s brother sentenced to 15 years in prison “The defamatory and misleading assertions invented by this clique had mostly been making the social media rounds anonymously. “I have today instructed the commencement of legal action against two individuals, one Timi Frank and another Katch Ononuju, who have put their names to these odious falsehoods. “I will waive my constitutional immunity to enable the most robust adjudication of these claims of libel and malicious falsehood.” In the past few days, a spate of reckless and malicious falsehoods have been peddled in the media against me by a group of malicious individuals. The defamatory and misleading assertions invented by this clique have been making the social media rounds anonymously. — Prof Yemi Osinbajo (@ProfOsinbajo) September 25, 2019  Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/