The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Thursday condemned and rejected the decision by President Muhammadu Buhari and his officials to increase the Value Added Tax (VAT) from 5% to 7.2 per cent saying that “Nigerians cannot bear such burden under the prevailing agonizing economic situation.” In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Thursday by its National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan, the party described the decision as anti-people, suppressive and further confirmed the Buhari Presidency as “extremely exploitative, inconsiderate and absolutely insensitive to the sufferings which it has plunged Nigerians into in the last four years.” The Party insisted that the decision to increase VAT on already impoverished citizens was in bad faith and which could not be justified under any guise. ALSO READ:  African Union to host 6th AFRIMA in Nigeria According to the Party, ” indeed, only an administration that does not have the mandate of the people can seek to adopt such oppressive stance against its citizens. Why I entrusted women with nation’s treasury ― Buhari NLC, NECA reject VAT increase 3 years power outage: Women block road, ground commercial… #ICYMI: 19-year-old student hospitalised in Ebonyi after… “President Buhari ought to be aware that an increase in VAT will worsen our decrepit economy and put more pressure on families and business as it will result in increase in costs of goods and services that have direct bearing on the welfare of the people. “Our party charges the Buhari Presidency not to further punish Nigerians by imposing harsh tax regime to make up for its crass incompetence and lack of capacity to effectively harness and manage our resources to create wealth for the benefit of the people. ” It is even more painful that the Buhari Presidency cannot give account of the huge resources at its disposal, including the taxes it has been collecting in the last four years, most of which are frittered to service the wasteful lifestyle of the cabal at the Presidency and APC chieftains. “Instead of foisting more tax burden on Nigerians, the PDP charges President Buhari to account for and recover the over N14 trillion oil money established to have been stolen under his watch in the last four years. “It is disheartening that at the time Nigerians ought to be enjoying the economic recovery and empowerment blueprint set out by Atiku Abubakar, which included slash in taxes and levies, they are rather faced with an unjustifiable and indefensible tax increase”. It, therefore, urged the National Assembly to protect Nigerians and save the nation from collapse by rejecting this injurious decision by the Buhari Presidency. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!