Residents and commuters in Apapa can now heave a sigh of relief as APM Terminals Apapa, in partnership with the Lagos State Waste Management Agency (LAWMA), has embarked on a cleanup exercise to clear the heaps of refuse dumps littering the Apapa port major access road, the Wharf Road and its environs. The staff of APM Terminals Apapa; Port Manager of Lagos Port Complex, Apapa, Mrs. Fumilayo Olotu; Controller, Apapa Area Command of the Nigeria Customs Service, Comptroller Muhammed Abba- Kura; and the Chairman of Apapa Local Government, Mr. Adele Owolabi; all participated in the event. Speaking shortly after the exercise was flagged off on Wharf Road recently, the Managing Director of APM Terminals Apapa, Mr. Martin Jacob said the Apapa cleanup initiative was part of the company’s 2019 annual ‘Go Green’ campaign aimed at creating awareness on environmental degradation and encouraging sustainable waste disposal practices. Martin, while expressing the company’s commitment to a cleaner port environment, charged port users to put an end to the indiscriminate dumping of refuse on the port access road. “We can complain about what is happening but nothing will change if people don’t change their attitude. So we need to forget the past and focus on what to do to make a difference and achieve a sustainable clean port environment. We, as a corporate organisation, will help as much as we can to make sure that happens,” Jacob said. Fidson shareholders approve 15kobo/share dividend Banks allocate N15.13trn credit to private sector ― NBS States, LG get 85% of VAT, Nigerians should demand… Telecoms block 2.2 million improperly registered SIM cards ALSO READ: Bayelsa: I am APC’s authentic flagbearer, David Lyon replies Dickson The Apapa Port Manager, Mrs. Fumilayo Olotu, who described the heaps of refuse in Apapa as an eyesore, said all hands must be on deck to restore the lost glory of the port city. She said, “Apapa used to be a place of pride in those days, so activities around the port community should not make us lose the heritage we had in the past. We have discussed the need to partner with the Local Government to maintain the cleanness of our environment. We must engage the truckers and in their own language so that they have a buy-in and key into the project so that the heaps of refuse do not return.” Also speaking at the event, the Chairman of Apapa Local Government, Adele Owolabi said that the heaps of refuse on the port access roads had remained a major challenge for the Local Government, even as he appealed to other corporate organisations to take a cue from APM Terminals. The Executive Director OF LAWMA, Ibrahim Ojuboni, while calling for the sustainability of the cleanup exercise, also lauded APM Terminals for the initiative, urging other corporate organizations to emulate such gesture. The theme of the 2019 APM Terminals “Go Green” campaign is “Building partnerships for a sustainable future”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/