Lagos State government has disclosed that a total of 30,467 divorce cases, landlords against tenants’ disputes and others were recorded in the state in eight months between January and August this year, while a total sum of  N799.4million was recovered for citizens within the same period. The State Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Moyo Onigbanjo, disclosed this on Tuesday at a press briefing held at Alausa Secretariat, Ikeja in commemoration of the 2019 International Day of Peace in Lagos State. Onigbanjo disclosed further that of the 30,467 cases recorded, 21, 030 were treated in the last eight months by the Citizens Mediation Centre (CMC), which is the agency responsible for resolving disputes in the state, adding that the agency, within same period under review, assisted citizens to recover a total sum of N799.4million. ALSO READ: Xenophobia: 400 foreigners killed in the last decade ― Don Speaking on this year’s event, Onigbanjo said the theme: “Climate Action for Peace: Clear Blue Skies,” was planned to draw attention to climate change as a threat to international peace and security. “National disasters, conflicts, food insecurity, growing tension over resources and mass movement of people are all as a result of climate change. FG raises inter-agency task force on N5TRN AMCON debt… Ethiopian PM, Tinubu, win African Democracy Awards African countries set action plan for medicine traceability Don’t allow Ajaokuta steel industry die ― Activist… “In the lead up to the International day of peace 2019, the United Nations has asked us all to take action by raising awareness: from conserving nature, supporting renewable energy to adopting environmentally friendly practices,” the commissioner said. He added: “This year’s theme seeks to draw the attention of government, policymakers, stakeholders and citizens to the importance of combatting climate change as a way to protect and promote peace throughout the world. The Lagos State Citizens Mediation Centre (CMC), an agency of government that promotes peace in Lagos State, has always joined the United Nations to commemorate this day.” According to the commissioner, this year’s theme relates to how environmental challenges affect homes and society at large, contending that climate change causes clear threats to international peace and security. He, however, said natural disasters displaced three times as many people as conflicts, forcing millions to leave their homes and seek safety elsewhere, pointing out that, “Desertification, flooding, pollution of the air, land and sea are some of the adverse effects of the harsh treatment of the environment.” “These, as a result, lead to the displacement of families, loss of lives, loss of sources of income and properties which inevitably lead to an unavoidable conflict,” Onigbanjo said. In her remark, the Director, Citizens Mediation Centre (CMC), Mrs Omotola Rotimi, said the agency would, as a way of marking the Day, embark on a week-long programme and activities such as tree planting. She added that the agency would also support the less- privileged through proceeds from sales of plastics to companies that are involved in recycling. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!