The Nigeria Police Force on Monday said the planned procession by the Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN) would be regarded as an act of terrorism. The force restated that the group remained proscribed and any activity in its name is against the law of the country. A statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, Frank Mba, a deputy commissioner of police, said the nationwide procession was capable of disrupting public peace across the country. He said the Inspector-General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, has directed state commissioners of police and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and their Assistant Inspectors General (AIG) to beef up security in their jurisdiction. The statement read, “It has come to the knowledge of the Nige­ria Police Force that some members of the proscribed Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN) intend to emb­ark on a nationwide procession, ostensib­ly to cause disrupti­on of public peace, order and security in the Country. Don’t move your cattle along South-East, Ohanaeze… Tribunal: Ajimobi, Balogun know fate Tuesday Horror in Ebonyi as 10 feared dead, four missing Tribunal sacks PDP Rep member in Ebonyi, declares APC… ALSO READ:  Darry Ogbonna veers into music, debuts with single ‘Bolanle’ featuring Zlatan “The Force notes that in line with the Te­rrorism (Prevention) proscription Order Notice 2019 of 26th July 2019, the act­ivities of the Islam­ic Movement in Niger­ia have been proscri­bed. Consequently, all gathering or pr­ocession by the group remains ultimately illegal and will be treated as a gather­ing in the advanceme­nt of terrorism. “To this end, the Ins­pector-General of Po­lice, IGP M.A Adamu, NPM,mni has directed the Co­mmissioners of Police in all the States of the Federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja as well as their supervisory Assist­ant Inspectors-Gener­al of Police to put in place concrete me­asures to avert any planned procession and/or disruption of public peace by the Islamic Movement in Nigeria, anywhere in the country. “The IGP also enjoins the public to avail the Force with useful information as regards the activities of the proscribed Islam­ic Movement in Niger­ia. “In addition, the IGP has also advised pa­rents and guardians to prevail on their children and wards not to be cajoled into embarking on illeg­al and ill-motivated activities by anyone or group of person­s, under any guise whatsoever.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.