Grassroots movements that have been mobilizing on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly Climate Action Summit in New York have carpeted CEOs of oil corporations for extractive activities that harm the environment and man, failure to take responsibility for knowingly fuelling the climate crisis. Some of the participating groups include Friends of the Earth International, Corporate Accountability, 350.0rg, Peoples Climate Movement New York, SustainUS and Actionaid. Outside the venue of a private reception for the oil executives in preparation for the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) CEO annual stakeholder dialogue on September 23, the activists’ groups chanted solidarity songs while displaying the placards with pictures of the oil executives. They also demanded an End Fossil Fuels Now, and Keep Oil in the Soil. Philip Jakpor of the Environmental Rights Action – the Nigerian chapter of Friends of the Earth International said: “In Nigeria’s Niger Delta, we continue to experience first-hand the destructive impacts of the fossil fuel industry. We have lived with noxious gas flares for the past 50 years and hold these CEOs accountable. They must be kicked out of the climate space. And they must be made to pay. This is what we demand.” ALSO READ: Buhari’s Economic Team is fantastic ― Sanusi In a statement made available to Nigerian Tribune, Jakpor explained that unlike the people of the Niger Delta that contend with hungry because they have lost their livelihoods, “the oil executives are robust, beefy, meaty and happy because for them it is business as usual, hence they must be made to account for their harms on man and the environment.” OYC sets date to honour, mourn departed Igbo youths Jigawa Assembly suspends principal officers over alleged… Protesters storm Lagos Assembly, demand probe of Ambode Buhari inherits over N1trn road debt constructed by states ―… Lidy Nacpil of Asian Peoples Movement on Debt and Development said that while people fight for survival around the globe, fossil fuel CEOs continue to push false solutions that will only make the crisis worse and the impact more deadly. According to her, “The solutions to the climate crisis will not come from a board room or an invite-only soiree. It will come from the communities on the frontlines of this crisis fighting the very business that these CEO continue to profit from.” Harjeet Singh, global lead on climate change at ActionAid, also said that the fossil fuel industry is making unimaginable profits at the expense of the lives and livelihoods of poor and vulnerable people around the world. He argued that people, especially in developing countries, are struggling to cope with the impacts of a climate crisis they had no role in causing and added that fossil fuel companies must pay to clean up the mess they have made. Sriram Madhusoodanan, Climate Campaign Director, Corporate Accountability also pointed out that the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative is yet another green-washing attempt by destructive and dangerous fossil fuel corporations that have knowingly fueled climate change. He stressed that the notion that the corporations would do anything to help solve the crisis they profit off from is laughable, adding also that the world cannot put out the fire with the arsonists in the room. Jenny Bock, native New Yorker and Senior Regional Organizer at Friends of the Earth US explained that “They knew the harm they were causing to our climate, and not only kept silent but continued doing so for decades. It’s beyond time for the fossil fuel industry to disappear. Congress and our next President must impose a moratorium on all new fossil fuel infrastructure and pass a Green New Deal that ensures fossil fuel companies and their leadership are held directly responsible for the harm they’ve caused to people and the planet.” Participating activists at a side event organised by the Demand Climate Justice also demanded a transitioning from fossil fuels which they believe should be and accommodate the human rights of indigenous people, peasant farmers, women, the youth and vulnerable groups among others Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!