The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State has postponed primaries in two local government areas ahead of the December 7 council poll in the state. The party spokesman, Ade Ajayi told newsmen that primaries earlier scheduled for Saturday in Ado and Ikole council areas had been put on hold due to security reasons. He added that a new date would soon be communicated to all stakeholders. However, aspirants and some delegates have accused the party of a plot to impose a chairmanship candidate on the people. Two of the aspirants who spoke to newsmen at the venue of the primary in Ado-Ekiti including Alhaji Tajudeen Gidado, and Mrs. Tosin Aluko, accused the leadership of the party of being undemocratic, warning that they would resist any imposition. Mrs Aluko said, “I just heard it here now that the election has been postponed. I don’t want to believe it because Governor Kayode Fayemi issued a statement last week that there would be a primary election and that there won’t be an imposition. Ebonyi central zone residents charge PDP to fulfil campaign… 24-year-old student killed by gunmen in Kogi Truck kills boy in Ondo Buhari condemns abuse of children in Kaduna ‘reform… ALSO READ: Yellow Fever: Death toll rises to 16 in Bauchi, affected communities reject vaccination “We have been waiting here since morning for the primary. Some people are with the Deputy Chairman of the party now, Sola Elesin, they don’t want the election to hold because of the plan they have to impose one of us as the candidate. “I don’t know why they are doing this, they should allow people to make their choice because this is a democracy. They’re doing this because they want to impose someone. But the governor they are dropping his name has come out to say he has no preferred candidate.” One of the delegates, Mr Adeyeye Kayode said “we don’t know why they are postponing the election. The candidates and delegates are here and everywhere is peaceful. “We have not seen anybody except the police. Whereas, they told us that they are fully prepared for the election. We are now thinking that what we heard that there won’t be an election in Ado Ekiti is coming to pass. We are afraid that if we leave here now they might come around 4 pm and do kangaroo election. We should allow people to participate, that is why it is a democracy.” But the party insisted that there would not be imposition as alleged, adding that all aspirants would be given equal opportunities during the primaries. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/