Strides Initiative, headed by a National Youth Service Corps member, Sowunmi Oludolapo Mofiyin, on Thursday 19th September 2019, organised a career opportunities symposium and gender talk event with the theme, ’21st-century career opportunities symposium and gender talk’ as part of an awareness campaign for young people. The event, attended by professionals, parents, corps members and student representatives from Christ High School and Idikan Baptist group of schools, held at Christ High School, Ibadan, Oyo State. Dr Tunde Oseni, the keynote speaker at the symposium, who is the Head of Department, Politics and International Relations, Lead City University, Ibadan and founder, Youth Focus Initiative, spoke extensively on academics and the importance of being educated. He discussed how imagination, talent, communication skills and general knowledge could create opportunities for every individual. He implored students and corps members alike present at the event to work on their God-given talents and time management, as it was important in human development. Dr Oseni said, “don’t use all your time on social media, plan your time if you want to make it in life.” Other speakers at the symposium, Mr Temiloluwa, a computer scientist and Mr Akinsinku Abiodun, an entertainer and lecturer at Lead City University, also discussed the importance of information technology, computer knowledge and ways the digital world has been aiding the entertainment industry respectively. Oyo returns 34 per cent out-of-school children to classrooms Oyo govt to build new model schools in three senatorial… LAUTECH: Oyetola meets management, ASUU ASUU rejects introduction of new tax regime in Ekiti varsity ALSO READ:  Oyo returns 34 per cent out-of-school children to classrooms Mr Akinsinku spoke about passion, quality, value, branding with reference to artistes within and outside Nigeria. The student audience responded positively to this aspect and in reply to some questions, the speaker summarised that passion and talent alone would not make one successful. “Talent is common, skill is what makes you uncommon,” he said. The covener, Miss Dolapo Sowumi, who is still undergoing her mandatory one year service year, said the passion for her initiative was borne out of the need to make students and parents understand the fact that children should not be forced to study what the parents want, rather, that they are allowed to follow their interests and be guided. She said the event was proudly sponsored by Revolution Plus Property, a real estate agency in Ibadan and Rare Edge Media. Miss Dolapo, a graduate of English from Covenant University said, “When I came to Ibadan, I really wanted to make an impact, I was keen on that. I thought, prayed and then volunteered for a couple of events and NYSC programmes, and then my biggest motivation was from Lighthouse Spelling competition which I volunteered for. My friend, Odunayo posted it and that was how I got the major idea. I got sponsors at Revolution Plus and Rare Edge media. My fellow corps members and friends have come through for me. I just wanted to bring to awareness that children don’t have to be doctors, lawyers, pilots before they can achieve their dreams and this is the reason for the career talk. Then, gender talk is just to create more awareness on the gender roles and topics going on around.” Olabisi Shakyrat, a corps member and volunteer said she learnt that there are many untapped talents out there and that parents should stop imposing the career path of their children. She mentioned the need for young ones to be allowed to explore because there are so many opportunities to enjoy from. One of the students, Bakare Zainab of Idikan Baptist college, who decided to be at the symposium after hearing at school attested to gaining a lot from the interactive sessions on talent, skills and passion. She said, “the seminar is very interactive and communicative. I learnt a lot on how to choose my career, how to choose career on ICT, on entertainment, and academics and how my talent and skills can be harnessed.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/