The Nigerian Police Force, Sokoto State command has paraded nothing less than twenty-six (26), suspects for various criminals activities at the State police headquarters in Sokoto on Friday. The suspects who were paraded by the State Commissioner of Police, CP Ibrahim Sani Ka’oje, includes eight members of proscribed Shi’ites members arrested in Illeila local government of the State. The eight suspects were apprehended after exchanging gunshots with the police. According to the DPO of Illeila police post, “they came out to celebrate Ashura day after when the Federal Government, as well as the Inspector General of Police, have warned them not to come out for any procession. “In an attempt by the Police to disperse them, they open fire on us and even try to make away with one of our riffles, after engaging them, we were able to recover the riffle and arrested eight of their members while others escaped alongside one of our magazines” ALSO READ: Man docked for allegedly stealing MTN backup batteries The CP also paraded one Saifullahi Aminu and Yusuf Maidamma Yabo of Kano road area of Sokoto with two other suspects Abdullahi Bafarawa (Jokolo) of Sokoto and Shamsudeen Lawal  of Kano, both at large for allegedly lured one Khadija Adamu now deceased for immoral act to one Executive lodge in Koko road, drugged her to a state of unconsciousness before she eventually died at the State Specialist Hospital. He announced that the command through a Court order has close down the said Executive lodge. Also paraded is one Baito Na’alti, of Dalijin Village in Kebbe local government alongside his partner for allegedly dispossessed their victim, Alhaji Sani Maiwasha of Margai village in Kebbe with the sum of five hundred thousand naira (500,000), along the road in Tashar margai. The CP further disclosed that same Baito Na’alti alongside one Kiruwa Shehu and Muhammadu Dangwanki, all of Kebbe local government for kidnapping Alhaji Janyo, Alhaji Dan-Dari and Alhaji Sarkin Fulani and forced them to pay the sum of 4m naira before regaining freedom. He said, “Same Baito Na’alti was also said to have conspired with one Lawali Gairi and others now at large to invade the residence of one Hajia Gairi and robbed her of the sum of three million naira (3m). Local singer arrested for allegedly criticising Ganduje… Yam festival: Angry youths on rampage over refusal of… Obasanjo, Anyaoku, Sanwo-Olu, others task Africa leaders on… Gov Bello unveils Free Healthcare Initiative in Kogi State “This one, Kabiru Bello of Manmade village of Gwadabawa local government area of the State for stabbing one motorcyclists, Aliyu Usman now deceased of Sultan Palace area in Nakasarin along western bye pass to dispossessed him of the motorcycle with registration number TWB 38 UQ, which was recover from the suspects. “Kabiru Muhammad, Tukur Aliyu and Yahaya Abubakar, who conspired among themselves to steal Solar batteries before they were caught and arrested” The suspects however confessed to have stole eight Solar batteries belonging to MTN company at a village in Birni Kebbi, five Solar batteries at Kwatarkwashi village in Zamfara and another sixteen Solar batteries belonging to Airtel company in Niger State, before they were arrested in Sokoto. Items recovered from them includes a Toyota Carina E car, with registration No, 155 AU and a bunch of spanners. One Abdulsalam Muhammad of Marmarun Nufawa area of Sokoto was arrested for criminally lured his four years old son, Zaharradeen Isiyaku, into an uncompleted building and forcefully had carnal knowledge of him against the order of nature, while John Anthony was also arrested for attempting rape of a minor, Amina Dan Talatu, a 10 years old girl who he alleged to have deceitfully lured into his room and was caught naked in the room by good Samaritans. ALSO READ: Rural dwellers access free medical care in Anambra CP Ibrahim Sani Ka’oje also paraded some suspected Indian hemp dealers in the state who was arrested in Raymond village, the suspects include Yunusa Abdullahi, in possession of  44 wraps of dried leaves, Bashar Mamman in possession on 2 cards of Tramadol tablets, 2 knives as well as sum of six thousands two hundred and fourty  five naira (6,245) suspected to be proceeds of hard drugs sales. He further disclosed that one Abubakar Modibbo of Gaddace village in Kebbe local government was  arrested for threatening one  Kasimu Sani of same village with GSM No 09067327845 to provide huge sum of money as advance ransom, otherwise he would be kidnapped, the suspects also confessed calling the victim and the phone number was also recover from him. Also arrested was Muhammad Bello of Kofar rini, who specialized in stealing generators and recovered two set of generators with one of them belonging to  Muazu Muhammad of Arkilla while the second was stolen from yet to be identified person. The police commissioner warned members of the public to always be vigilant and reports any suspicious movement to the nearest police station. He warned criminals to desist from coming to the state saying his men are battle-ready to get rid of any criminal activities. He commended members of the press for their role in making the state safe for all. He, however, call for more awareness on the dangers of sodomy which he described as barbaric and condemnable by all, he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!