 Adetutu was killed after being shot by some unknown gunmen who invaded her  Point of Sales service (PoS) shop located at Oke Ogba area of Akure, the state capital. Speaking on behalf of the family, Mrs Aminat Ibrahim, called on the state Police Command to investigate the events before the killing of the banker and ensure that the perpetrators are punished. Speaking to newsmen, Mrs Ibrahim insisted that the young Adetutu was assassinated and should not be seen as a case of armed robbery as earlier reported, saying the assailants did not take any money with them when leaving. According to her, the deceased who was a banker with First Bank in Akure had issues with a customer over the distribution and allocation of PoS who threatened to kill the late Adetutu for failing to allocate the PoS to her.  “Her immediate boss even told her to go and beg the woman at her shop which the late Adetutu had no objection to, she was not only ridiculed but assaulted by the businesswoman, hurling insults on the innocent girl. “In spite of this, the woman promised to deal with Adetutu and we planned to go and beg that woman in order to save her job.  On the day we planned to go and beg the woman, some boys went to her (Adetutu) shop and shot her dead. ” We want the government to investigate this matter properly, the perpetrators must not escape justice. We are begging the government to assist us. Justice must be done.” She disclosed that the police had arrested the bank manager, who was deceased’s immediate boss and the businesswoman accused of threatening the late banker but expressed surprise that the manager was released on Friday. However, a source informed that the deceased had earlier reported the businesswoman at the police station when the threat to her life by the businesswoman was becoming unbearable for her. The source said ” the deceased decided to report the incident at the station when the bank manager failed to intervene as expected. ” It was also reported that the manager was aware of the threat to life prior the killing of Adetutu and failed to take action over the issue, but the police had started investigation on the matter.” Adetutu was buried on Friday according to Islamic rites in her hometown in Ikare Akoko. Meanwhile, the Ondo State Police Command said three persons had been arrested  it had arrested in connection with the incident Speaking on the development,  the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mr Femi Joseph, who confirmed the arrest refused to disclose the identities of the suspects, but said investigations had commenced into the matter. Joseph said, ” We have three people in our custody and they are helping us in our investigation, we will surely arrest the perpetrators.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...