The Ogun State Government said it will not renege on its promises made to the people of the state in providing free and qualitative education to the people. The state governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, said his administration remained committed to free education in all public primary and secondary schools. He said his administration had no plan to impose any charges or school fees on pupils in public primary schools and as equally not authorise any secondary school or Technical College principal to collect levies or charges from students as being peddled in some quarters. ALSO READ: Immunisation: Groups sign MoU on conditional cash transfer He urged the people of the state to disregard insinuations that his government had imposed levies or charges on pupil or students in public schools. Don’t move your cattle along South-East, Ohanaeze… Tribunal: Ajimobi, Balogun know fate Tuesday Horror in Ebonyi as 10 feared dead, four missing Tribunal sacks PDP Rep member in Ebonyi, declares APC… “As a responsible government, we would not eat our words by reneging on promises made to the people. There is no going back on the issue of free education that we promised the people. “Our administration does not intend to impose any charges or school fees on pupils in Public Primary Schools and has not authorize any Secondary or Technical School Principal to collect levies or charges from any student as being insinuated in some quarters. “The good people of Ogun State to disregard insinuations that students are to pay some mandatory fees when schools resume next week. We have not authorized payment any new charges as being peddled by some online platforms. “From available records, it was the PTA that volunteered in 2017 and approved the said “donation” of N2,700 per pupil and thereafter, in 2018, the amount was raised by N1,000 and it became N3,700.” According to the parents’ body, the amounts were meant to cover six (6) items: Computer, PTA levy, Insurance, Sport/Jet/Lit, School Materials/Caps/Badges/Beret and File Jacket. “Education is a major pillar of this administration and the Governor minced no words when he declared a state of emergency on that sector. Prince Dapo Abiodun has moved on to fixing the mess by putting the abandoned Model Schools into positive uses,” the statement said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.