THE Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators of Nigeria (ICSAN), on Saturday, organised a walk to remind its members and the public to exercise regularly to be healthier and have improved mental fitness. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the annual event tagged, ‘Walk for Life’ was held in Lagos. The walk which lasted about two hours kicked off from the Institute’s Secretariat through Lagos State Secretariat, both in Alausa, to Agidingbi and Oregun, then back to the ICSAN office. Though there was no casualty during the walk, a member of the Nigerian Red Cross was seen administering first aid to a participant, who was fatigued. The participants also distributed the Institute’s flyers while walking. ALSO READ: N200m accruing into Kano health trust fund monthly ― Ganduje The President of ICSAN, Mr Bode Ayeku, who led the walk said the major reason for the event was to remind participants and the citizenry to engage in exercises to keep them healthy and mentally fit. “In Lagos, it is difficult to find time for exercise but we need to create time for our bodies. “It is not enough to work from Monday to Saturday or Sunday; you must find time to keep fit and shed off excess weight. Osinbajo, ministers, FG lawyers meet over P&IB $9.6b… Ekiti SUBEB Chairman seeks legislature’s support to revamp… Team up to improve healthcare delivery, FG charges… Police arrest suspect who allegedly stab okada rider to… “It will help you to be mentally fit and be in a position to cope with your activities,’’ he said. Ayeku explained further that the walk would further help to sensitise the public about the Institute’s upcoming Annual Conference, scheduled for Sept. 12 to Sept. 13. The ICSAN boss, however, commended the participants and urged them to cultivate the habit of exercising themselves and keeping fit as a lifestyle. He expressed satisfaction over what he referred to as, “a long walk without any casualty.’’ The Chairman of ICSAN, Lagos State Chapter, Mr Francis Olawale, said the exercise was to create health awareness among professionals and non-professionals. “Our daily hustle and bustle are to help us make money to enjoy our lives but we forget an aspect which essentially needs to be taken care of, our health. “This exercise should be done as often as possible to keep us fit. When you exercise your body, you are in a good shape and your heart will be healthy,’’ Olawale said. Mrs Irene Attoe, a participant, said any event organised by the institute was an opportunity to bond and learn from other professionals. Attoe, who is also a nursing mother to a three-month-old baby, said she wanted to partake in the exercise to keep fit. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...