American stand-up comedian, producer, and actor, Kevin Hart’s sex tape partner, Montia Sabbag has sued him for 60 million dollars. Sabbag claimed that he secretly recorded their intimate encounter in 2017 at Las Vega hotel. Sabbag said her encounter with Kevin Hart was all planned by him and his friend, Jonathan Jackson who was arrested for extortion, according to TMZ reports. She said Kevin motive at that time was motivated by publicity, especially with an upcoming comedy tour and that was why he and his friend allegedly hid the camera. Earlier, on September 2017, the footage was being shopped around of Hart allegedly engaging in sexual intercourse with Sabagg in a Las Vegas hotel room. Kourtney Kardashian hints on leaving KUWTK show BBNaija (S4): ‘I felt so much peace around… BBNaija (S4): Cindy, Frodd, Mercy, Diane up for fake… NOA urges Nigerians to treat national symbols with respect ALSO READ: Nigeria’s illness: Why Buhari must rise to the occasion now The comedian’s friend, Jonathan Jackson, was later arrested for allegedly trying to sell the footage and Hart claimed he was the victim of ‘extortion’. Jackson, who denied ever extorting the comedian, was later charged with a two-count charge of extortion relating to alleged efforts to get money out of Hart to keep the tape under wraps. However, TMZ claims to have recently obtained court documents filed on behalf of Sabagg, accusing Hart of his involvement in the act. The suit claims Hart allowed Jackson into the Cosmopolitan Hotel suite so he could set up hidden video recording devices to capture the liaison. Meanwhile, the comedian and actor who was recently involved in a fatal motor accident have been reportedly moved to a physical therapy facility where he would be undergoing further treatment. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!