The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Friday vehemently condemned the invasion of the Abuja residence of the Ebonyi state governor, Engr. Dave Umahi, reportedly by security operatives said to have been detailed by top authorities. A statement issued in Abuja by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, described the invasion as “felonious, a direct attack on our democratic order and vicious violation of the provisions of the 1999 Constitution (as amended), which cannot be justified under any guise.” ALSO READ: Shi’ites alleges plans to disrupt their ‘Ashura procession’ The PDP stressed that the development was a provocative assault on the sensibility, integrity and constitutional freedom of not only the people of Ebonyi state but also the Forum of Governors and millions of PDP members and supporters across the country. Rivers: APC set to put its house in order Xenophobic attacks: Malami makes case for overhauling of… Residents groan as flood disrupts commercial in Warri,… Osun govt tackles Makinde over comments on LAUTECH The statement added: “Our party notes that this invasion, which has the same paw prints of an earlier attack on the residence of Governor Darius Ishaku of Taraba state, leaves no one in doubt of a deliberate assault targeted at outspoken opposition leaders, including PDP governors.” The PDP said it was particularly vexed by the stance of the nation’s security agencies, particularly their failure to wade into the matter with the seriousness it deserved and bring the culprits and masterminds to book. “This situation has heightened public suspicions of high-level conspiracy as well as swelled apprehensions over the safety of the lives of the governor and members of his family,” it further stated. The main opposition party therefore charged the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, to immediately apprehend those behind the invasion as well as beef up security around the governor and his family members. The PDP also charged Governor Umahi and other leaders elected on the platform of the party to remain undeterred in their commitment to development, justice and the wellbeing of the people, despite the unwarranted assaults. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...