Dr Babatunde Suberu is the visioner of the Jesus Elect Evangelical Church, Ibadan, Oyo State. In this interview with SEYI SOKOYA, he speaks about life and what Christians must do to restore the country’s glory and dignity.  You are a Muslim-turned-Christian and you later became a cleric. How was the experience like? I thank God for everything and how far He has brought me. I see my journey in life as a rare privilege, especially after experiencing the two religions. I was a Muslim and I know everything about the religion. However, God divinely orchestrated my path to Christianity, which made me to know God more as well as the light. I am not a mere Christian, but a cleric. I went to two popular Bible schools: New Covenant Church and the Redeemed Christian Church of God Bible School. I was formerly a pilgrim welfare board member, Muslim wing and I have been to Mecca on pilgrimage about five times. Xenophobic attacks: Don’t retaliate, protect South Africans, Adeboye… Did you encounter any challenge in the course of changing your religion? Warri roads where over 50 churches battle for spaces,… What the church needs to do to address xenophobic attacks in… ‘Why govt must not relent in fighting corruption’ When I first established my church, nobody attended —Ikotun Things never remained the same when I gave my life to Christ, but I thank God for everything. I faced many challenges. The tension was much. I was attacked both in the physical and spiritual realms. Despite all the challenges and confrontations, God made me to stand tall. The pressure was much. I faced many litigation and threats, but all the legal actions against me by some people over my decision did not succeed. Along the line, I lost my daughter in 2009. Though it was heartbreaking, I hand everything over to God.  How has it been since you became a full-time cleric? It has not been easy because one has to face spiritual battle. I was over 40 years when I became a Christian and to win souls in an area dominated by Muslims, precisely at Oke Ibadan, Oyo State, is not an easy task. In fact, five churches were there initially, but four left, making our own church to be there.  How did you receive the call? Before now I have always valued truthfulness in every areas of my life. Also, the pressure of the challenges of life was a thing of concern, but I eventually found a solution when a friend, who is a pastor, preached salvation to me and that I might lose my life if I didn’t accept Christ. Then I was under an attack, I had skin rashes for about four years. I remembered that I had to rush back to Nigeria from Mecca when the rashes appeared within that time. The day I visited a church for prayers, even with my cap on was the day I had a sound sleep after many years. In fact, 80 per cent of my problem disappeared because of the fact that I attended the revival in two days and since then, I gave my life to Christ. The sickness I have been battling with for about four years despite using drugs vanished when I met Jesus Christ. My life experienced a new shape, I saw the light. As I said earlier, I love being truthful and I am happy that I eventually found where the truth lies. Initially, I never planned to be a cleric, I felt it was needless. But the more I became fascinated with the word of God, the vision became clearer. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.