Five out of the 10 kidnapped passengers, who were abducted on Sunday evening by suspected Fulani herdsmen at Ajeoku village located between Otan Ile and Imesi communities of Obokun local government of Osun State have regained their freedom. Credible security source informed Tribune Online that the victims were released around 12.10 am on Monday following the combined efforts of policemen from Obokun and Ilase Divisions and local vigilante officials. The names of the released victims who are children include Atoyebi Ismaila, Olatunji Benjamin, Hammed Awoniyi, Sadeeq Awoniyi and Ridwan Awoniyi. According to the source, the father of the Awoniyis, identified as Kazeem Awoniyi, a native of Iragbiji in Boripe local government area of Osun, who is still in the captivity of the kidnappers was said to have gone to Otan Ile to pick his children when their vehicle was attacked by the hoodlums. ALSO READ:  Okowa urges FG to reassess its over 20-year-old roads Buhari unfolds plans to reverse climate change in Nigeria N90bn election fund: Your allegations against Osinbajo are… Lagos-Ibadan rail: Amaechi berates CCECC for slow pace of… How FG policy on diversification can work ―Oyetola The vehicles that were attacked by suspected Fulani herdsmen include a Toyota Hiace Bus, marked SGB 827 XB, Toyota RAV4 with registration number SMK 379 DG, Volkswagen Golf marked AG 560 JER and Volkswagen Passat belonging to Kazeem Awoniyi with registration number BKN 261 AA. During the incident, two people, namely Francis Moghalu and Ayoade Ajiboye were allegedly shot by the abductors, but they are currently receiving treatment at Ope Farm Hospital in Imesi Ile. As of the time of filing this report, the five victims who are still being held hostage include four males and one female, just as the policemen and vigilante officials are still combing the forest in Ajeoku village to rescue them. When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) for Osun State Police Command, Mrs Folasade Odoro confirmed the incident but said information on the abduction was still sketchy. She, however, explained that policemen are at the scene, combing the forest for the rescue operation. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!