Mobile Courts to try those arrested under the new Rivers State law against street trading and illegal motor parks has commenced operations on Monday in Port Harcourt. This is to complement the work of the task force set up by the state government against the activities of street traders and operators of illegal motor parks that have assumed alarming and unhealthy proportions in the state. According to the State Governor, Nyesom Wike, the magistrates would be deployed to the various locations across the state. Addressing operatives of the Task Force on Street Trading, Illegal Markets and Motor Parks at the Government House Port Harcourt, the Governor said, “magistrates will sit at the various locations to prosecute offenders of the law banning street trading. ALSO READ: UPDATE: Supreme Court dismisses perjury suit against Buhari “Your business is to arrest the offenders in line with the law and take them to the magistrates for trial. Anyone that is guilty will be sanctioned by the magistrates”, he charged members of the task force.” He warned the operatives of the Task Force on Street Trading, Illegal Markets and Motor Parks against taking laws into their hands stating that government would not tolerate them manhandling any offender. The Governor disclosed that the ultimate goal of the exercise was to ensure that there are no street traders in Port Harcourt and that illegal motor parks are closed. First 100 days of Tinubu as gov is my most challenging… Group backs SouthEast Govs, warns against plot to install… No hiding place for criminals in kano ― Ganduje PDP primaries: Bello receives Adamawa counterpart, Gov… “We don’t want to see any street traders anywhere in Port Harcourt. Your duty is to ensure that the streets are clean. “Those selling corn and other items on the roads should also leave. If you want to be a trader, kindly move into the markets,” he said. He noted that a committee has been established to monitor the activities of the Task Force, saying that where there are infractions, the operatives would be sanctioned. The Governor warned the operatives against harassing people for money, saying any operative indicted for seeking bribe would be sacked. He regretted that some operatives don’t go to their duty posts adding that modalities had been put in place to fish out such truant operatives. He charged the operatives to shun acts that will attract negative publicity to the Task Force and said all eyes are on them, hence they must remain focused on their legal responsibilities. He said that he called the emergency meeting basically to appreciate the operatives for their excellent performance. He charged them to perform better. Governor Wike assured that additional 450 personnel will be employed, while more vehicles will be handed over to the Task Force. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...