Following heavy rainfall in Nasarawa State in the early hour of Thursday, the flood has wreaked havoc in some communities of the state, resulting to the death of six persons and several houses destroyed. It was gathered that the Amba bridge connecting workers in the village, 500 housing unit, Doma town and some villages, were overflown by the flood water that later resulted in the death of two people. Also, another person was also said to have died at Kofa Kaura over same flood case. Speaking with Umaru Maikori, who said his brother, Tindir, was drowned to death inside the Amba Bridge, called on the government to expand the bridge to avoid regular occurrence in the place. ALSO READ: Bauchi gets N800m from FG to control flooding He said, “My brother lost life while trying to save two people who lost their lives in the flood. Although some lives were saved while others were not found. So he decided to press on because of his care and concerns for them, and he couldn’t return again. “He was a fisherman for over seven years, he inherited that from his father who was late but today he eventually met his terminal point, we have nothing to say than to give thanks to God for what has happened. “In the real sense, two people lost there lives in the flood; my brother Tindir Maikori, and a woman. We are calling on the government to help us raise the bridge high to save our people from this.” Xenophobia: South Africa closes embassy in Nigeria after… Drama, as APC NWC constitutes Appeal Committees for Kogi,… Kogi/Bayelsa Guber: Stick to our deadlines on submission of… Nasarawa govt to reconstruct link bridge to check flood Also, Garba Ibrahim Zanwa, said another life was lost at Kofa Kaura, while he called on those who lost their beloved ones to take solace in God and bear the loss, urging people to always apply caution in the flooded areas. His words, “in Kofa Kaura, one person also died, and some houses were equally destroyed in the area, but we will not question God on what happened, He knows the reason why it happened in this way, let’s pray for God’s protection.” The Lafia flood has forced workers and passengers travelling from or to Doma and Lafia, stranded for over three hours, till when the water subsided after which they managed to cross the bridge. Similarly, in the Sabon Gari area of Doma town, the headquarters of Doma local government area, over seven houses were affected by the flood, properties were also destroyed but no life was lost. In Daddere town of Obi local government area of the state, over 30 houses were overflown with property worth thousands of naira washed away, no life was lost. In Ankani village also in Obi local government, five persons were swept away by the flood, two were rescued, while three were nowhere to be found. Governor Abdullahi Sule, who went for on the spot assessment of the flood situation at Amba bridge in Lafia, warned against building and dumping refuse of on waterways. The governor said that building and dumping of refuse on waterways had become a worrisome phenomenon to the government and should be avoided. He said when the waterways are blocked, there would definitely be flooding because the water would find another direction. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...