The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Tuesday demanded a thorough investigation into the alleged siphoning of N90 billion from the coffers of the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) in which top members of the Presidency and All Progressives Congress (APC) have been mentioned. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan, the Party demanded that the Buhari led administration must not cover this humongous corruption involving highly placed officers in the administration, as it had done in the past. The party lamented that in the face of excruciating hardship being endured by citizens, a government, which came into office on the mantra of change and zero tolerance for corruption, had became enmeshed in atrocious acts of corruption. ALSO READ:  Buhari redeploys Keyamo, Alasoadura in minor cabinet reshuffle It declared that it “is pathetic and speaks volumes of the character of this administration that a top member of the cabinet is being fingered in this reprehensible siphoning of monies collected as taxes from millions of already impoverished Nigerians.” OYC sets date to honour, mourn departed Igbo youths Climate crisis: Grassroots movements blame oil… Jigawa Assembly suspends principal officers over alleged… Protesters storm Lagos Assembly, demand probe of Ambode According to it, “our party notes that this shocking allegation directly borders on gross misconduct and breach of public trust. “It rejected the flimsy denials and threats being pushed through the FIRS as a belated attempt at cover-up by persons close to the Presidency. “It is therefore held that the delay by the Buhari Presidency in applying established statutory processes and procedures of ordering an investigation into the issue only goes to confirm that the Buhari administration is a citadel of corruption “This is more so as reports are already in the public domain of how the money stolen from FIRS, was allegedly diverted to private purses and for other extraneous purposes including the 2019 extravagant campaigns of the APC. “Nigerians expect that all our national resources should always be used to ensure the welfare of the citizenry and must be accounted for at all times,” the Party stated. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!