There are strong indications that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kogi state may have it difficult to dethrone Governor Yahaya Bello from the Lugard House in November Governorship election as the big wigs of the party are set to decamp to the All Progressive Congress (APC). It was reliably gathered that some strong members of the party paid a courtesy called on governor Yahaya Bello in Abuja and promised to decamp and work for his re-election in November. Sources close to the Lugard House also disclosed to Tribune Online that one of the strong members of PDP in the state and former acting governor of the state, Chief Clarence Olafemi recently paid a visit to the governor at Lugard House Lokoja. ALSO READ: Stakeholders call for unity among Moro LGA elders It was further gathered that both parties had a fruitful discussion as Olafemi is aiming to decamp back to APC. However, Chief Clarence Olafemi has cleared the air on why he visited the governor saying he visited the governor because of impunity in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Speaking with Tribune Online at his residence in Lokoja, Kogi state on Sunday, the former acting governor of the state said he will soon dump PDP for APC in the state. We will launch 20-year development agenda to save Oyo, Seyi… We will be bullish about implementing our development plans… Mugabe: Adeyeye, Shonibare caution African leaders on… Ekiti youths reject nullification of Senator Adeyeye’s… He noted that PDP has cheated on him several times and he cannot continue to stay in the party. He pointed out that he is one of the strong member of PDP in the state, yet the National Working Committee of the party failed to recognize his impute and effort for the party. His words,” I was the running mate to Jubril Issah Echocho in 2015 governorship primary election of the party but we were later replaced by the party and brought in Captain Idris Wada and Yomi Awoniyi as running mate without any reason. “In 2019 general election, I was one of the Senatorial aspirants from Kogi West, I was denied from contesting as the party imposed Senator Dino Melaye who just decamped from APC back to PDP. “My Governorship aspirant in the just concluded primary of the party, Alhaji Abubakar Ibrahim Idris was denied of the Governorship ticket of the party by some power to be in the party and gave victory to Engineer Musa Wada because they hate Alhaji Ibrahim Idris the former governor of the state. “With all these impunities, how do you expect me to continue staying in PDP? I am not the first person to decamp from one party to another. President Mohammadu Buhari and my mentor Alhaji Abubakar Atiku all decamped from one party to another. I am not going to be the first or the last. I had a fruitful discussion with Governor Yahaya Bello and I am very satisfied with the outcome of our meeting. Chief Olafemi, who is also the former speaker Kogi State House of Assembly noted that he will follow the due process when he is going to decamp from PDP to APC stressing that he will do it openly because it is a rightful decision. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!