The Chief Whip of the Osun State House of Assembly, Tunde Olatunji, has ascribed the high rate of delinquency in the society to lack of motivation and good mentoring among Nigerian youths. While speaking at the launch of an initiative tagged, “Tunde Goes to Teach” at Anglican Middle School, Edun-Abon, Ife-North LGA, Olatunji said the dearth of motivation and good mentoring for young people has continued to promote delinquencies among youths in Nigeria. The Chief Whip who later taught the students mathematics, charged them to imbibe the culture of hard work, integrity, tenacity of purpose and be very focused in life. Performing the flag-off, the State Head of Service, Dr Oyebade Olowogboyega, lauded the initiative and pledged his personal support for the exercise which he described as a morale booster to teachers and students. ALSO READ:  Oyo govt vows to deal with Ayegun school vandals OYC sets date to honour, mourn departed Igbo youths Climate crisis: Grassroots movements blame oil… Jigawa Assembly suspends principal officers over alleged… Protesters storm Lagos Assembly, demand probe of Ambode Dr Olowogboyega, who also doubles as the Chairman, State Education Steering Committee, said the presence of the lawmaker in the classroom, teaching mathematics and civic education would have a long-lasting impact on the lives of the students. Similarly, the Director of Osun Middle Schools, Arinola Oladimeji, described the lawmaker’s initiative as a rare gesture and assured that SUBEB would be part of the initiative. The Principal of the school, Oladele Olaniyi, appreciated the lawmaker for his desire to motivate the students to attain greater height in life. The students who were elated and motivated with the presence of the Chief Whip were also presented books by the lawmaker. He, however, promised to give out prizes to best students in Mathematics, English and Civic Education. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!