A Federal lawmaker from Rivers State, Hon. Farah Dagogo on Wednesday cautioned against the implementation of the Kaduna State Governor, Mallam Nasir el-Rufai-led All Progressives Congress (APC) Committee Report on true and viable federalism in the county. This was contained in a statement Hon Dagogo made available to newsmen in Abuja titled “The APC led Nasir el-Rufai’s Committee report on Federalism; True or Trick Federalism?” Hon Dagogo representing Degema/Bonny Federal Constituency of Rivers State described the report, especially, the aspect that bothered on mineral resources as lopsided given the consequences its implementation could portend for the overall unity of the country. The Governors of the APC under the aegis of Progressive Governors Forum (PGF) had recently set up a Governance Programme Steering Committee to evolve a common governance template for themselves and also revisit all policy initiatives and recommendations, including those recommended by the Gov. Nasir el-Rufai-led Committee on True Federalism. However, Hon Dagogo, a Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) member, faulted the move, insisting that the Committee’s report “is veracious, very inglorious and capable of heating – up the fragile peace which had been achieved, particularly in the Niger Delta region.” He particularly took criticised the Committee’s fifth recommendation as it relates to ‘Mines and Minerals’. According to him, “take a look at the Fifth Item of the Committee’s report under Mines and Minerals where it was recommended that; mines and minerals, including oil fields, oil mining, geological and natural gas. This should be moved to the Concurrent List. However, all offshore oil shall remain absolutely vested in the government of the federation. I think it is time to take these bold steps and move away from over-centralisation.” Hon Dagogo who cautioned that such recommendations “are fraught with bad intentions” declared that the people of the Niger Delta would not fold their hands and allow the Nigeria nation rip it off once more under any guise. Man hacked to death over alleged eyeing of married woman in… UNGA video: Buhari’s remark was within context ― Presidency More than 1,100 protesters arrested after demonstration in… Bouteflika’s brother sentenced to 15 years in prison ALSO READ: I have freed over 420 hostages from bandits without ransom ― Zamfara Governor According to him, “while the Committee will want unsuspecting Nigerians to be hoodwinked by its gimmicks, it is instructive to state unequivocal that the report was targeted at shortchanging a section of the country – the Niger Delta whose land has continued to produce the black gold that feeds the Nation, yet, the people are bemoaned and afflicted amidst affluence which defines the natural endowment of the area “How do you reconcile the Committee’s line of thought that Nigeria should be bold enough to move away from over-centralization and in another breath, call for all offshore oil to remain absolutely vested in the government of the federation? That to me is double standards. “Nobody should be deceived, the said offshore belongs to states and the majority of them are situated in the Niger Delta. Nigeria’s extant laws defined the geography of the country as landmass with seas and rivers forming the corresponding states. “According to findings, the Committee arrived at its recommendation after speaking with 8,014 Nigerians out of more than 150 million that currently people the federation. Does that figure show true reflection and acceptance of the generic opinion of Nigerian people? “On Fiscal Federalism, let me quote the Committee; ‘We also have recommendation on Fiscal Federalism and revenue allocation in which we propose amending section 162 and sub-section two of the Constitution; as well as amend the revenue allocation of revenue Federation Account Act to give more revenue to the states and reduce the federal government’s share of revenue. “This again is what we got as feedback from the majority of Nigerians that the states should get more revenue and the Federal Government should slim down a little. “The question then is, why is the Committee trying vainly to wish away offshore oil which clearly belongs to the people of the Niger Delta? There are lots of contradictions that should be adequately addressed before implementation.”  Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/