PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari on Monday constituted an Economic Advisory Council (EAC) headed by Professor Doyin Salami of Lagos Business School as the chairman. This was contained in a statement by the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, and made available to State House correspondents in Abuja. By this council, President Buhari has dissolved the Economic Management Team (EMT), headed by the Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo (SAN). While Dr Mohammed Sagagi is to serve as the Vice-Chairman, other members of the council include former Economic Adviser to President Olusegun Obasanjo, Prof. Ode Ojowu and former Central Bank Governor, Prof Chukwuma Soludo. Taraba crisis: CAN chairman predicts food crisis Dethroned Emir emerges PDP deputy chairman in Zamfara Dissolution: OYSIEC members drag Makinde to court Oyo guber: APC expresses dismay at tribunal’s ruling ALSO READ: N70bn abandoned projects: Accountant General’s report indict 626 contractors Other members are Dr Shehu Yahaya, Dr Iyabo Masha, Mr Bismark Rewane, while Dr Mohammed Adaya Salisu, who is the Senior Special Assistant to the President, Development Policy, would serve as Secretary. According to the statement, the advisory council would replace the current Economic Management Team (EMT) and would be reporting directly to the President. Adesina explained that the council would advise the President on economic policy matters, including fiscal analysis, economic growth and a range of internal and global economic issues working with the relevant cabinet members and heads of monetary and fiscal agencies. “The EAC will have monthly technical sessions as well as scheduled quarterly meetings with the President. The Chairman may, however, request for unscheduled meetings if the need arises,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!