Residents of Ayetoro-Oke town in Kajola Local Government area of Oyo State will be a lot happier if Governor Seyi Makinde can assist them with infrastructural development in the community. The town which has been in existence more than a century lacks basic social amenities like good roads, healthcare centres and other amenities. Residents face a lot of difficulty owing to the fact that the town cannot boost of any amenity. Past governments have done their bit but it didn’t solve the problems. The state of the public schools there is nothing to write home about. Ayetoro-Oke has many primary and secondary schools but all these schools lack infrastructure and social amenities that can make education attractive. Many of the facilities at the schools mentioned are in a bad state, the school buildings have leaking roofs and as a result many blocks are in a dilapidated state. We the residents of Ayetoro-Oke, in the interest of our children, are appealing to the governor to pay unscheduled visit to the schools to ascertain the state of the schools in Ayetoro-Oke, and assist the community in repairing and building new classrooms to make the schools conducive for learning. Plight of female inmates As el-Rufai’s son goes to public school Xenophobia: Allen Onyema’s audacious adventure Reversing ugly trend of outsourcing in Nigeria On security, Ayetoro-Oke as the name implies is the home of peace, the community cherishes peace and tranquility because it is only in a peaceful and harmonious community that development can thrive.  I wish to bring to the notice of the governor that as big as the town is, having about over ten thousand inhabitants, there is no single police post to mediate among and resolve issues among the residents. Ayetoro-Oke community depends solely on the neighboring Okeho for the reportage of issues of security breaches and in most cases, havoc would have been wreaked before the arrival of security agents. The residents of Ayetoro-Oke would forever be grateful to the administration of Governor Makinde, if he could assist the community in constructing a police post or police station and deploying police officers to maintain law and order. Several efforts have been made by the royal father of the town, the Gegun of Ayetoro-Oke, Oba Najeemdeen Afolabi Adesola and his team in donating old Ayetoro-Oke Maternity Centres to be converted into a police station but it has not yielded results. Ayetoro-Oke residents also want more roads to be repaired to give room for easy movement of goods and services, the major occupation of the residents are trading and farming. The repair of road would assist the residents to move the goods from one location to the other, thereby reducing their hardship. Taoheed O Abdullahi, Oyo State. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.