DISTURBED by the prevalence of unqualified and non-professional teachers in its schools, Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle of Zamfara State has said that his administration will soon reintroduce teachers’ colleges and establish pilot secondary schools across the state. In a press statement signed by his director-general, press affairs, Mallam Yusuf Idris, the governor said the plan to reintroduce teachers’ colleges was aimed at having professional and qualified teachers in all the 14 local government areas of the state. According to the statement, Governor Mattawale made the announcement during a meeting with the chairmen of the 14 local government councils, held at the Zamfara State Governor’s Lodge, Kaduna. He said the current administration in the state is determined to revive the quality of teachers and the teaching profession, and teachers’ training colleges would soon be resuscitated. Gunmen disrupt Kogi PDP governorship primary election, many injured Ogun assures teachers of improved welfare Oyo pupils emerge winners at STAN national competition EKSU/AOCOED-affiliated programmes:  Ex-students capitulate,… Two years after, UI lifts ban on students’ union activities Mattawale said when teachers’ quality is improved, the required academic standard will be achieved. “Teachers’ colleges were the only schools established with the sole objective of training teachers in the country, and they played tremendous role in shaping the academic pursuits of Nigerians in the past,” he noted. The governor also disclosed that a pilot comprehensive secondary school would be constructed in each of the senatorial districts, to be jointly financed by state and the local government councils in the state. Matawalle also said his administration was looking at the possibility of having Bafarawa Institute, Shinkafi, to be used as state university where some departments will be relocated to Shinkafi town. The meeting was attended by the governor’s principal private secretary, Alhaji Abubakar Jaafar Maradun, Permanent Secretary Ministry for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Muhammadu Mustapha and the 14 local government councils chairmen in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...