As part of activities to show recognition to Late Precious Owolabi, the Channels Television Corp member that was slain in Abuja, during the clash between the Islamic Movement of Nigeria, popularly known as Shiite movement and the police, a property development agency, Revolution Plus, will give him a plot of land during the 13th edition of the Nigeria Media Nite-Out Award that would be held in Lagos The land is in addition to the posthumous award of recognition that would be given the late Owolabi on the same day during the event. Explaining the rationale behind this rare gesture, the Chief Executive Officer of Revolution Plus, Bamidele Onalaja, stated that the heroic act of the young journalist who tried to carve a niche for himself as a corps member with Channels Television must not be allowed to be forgotten. ALSO READ: Shi’ites alleges plans to disrupt their ‘Ashura procession’ Rivers: APC set to put its house in order Xenophobic attacks: Malami makes case for overhauling of… Residents groan as flood disrupts commercial in Warri,… Osun govt tackles Makinde over comments on LAUTECH “We are giving the late Precious Owolabi, a journalist that lost his life a full plot of land in Ibeju Lekki area of Lagos, to put on record his contributions to journalism during his brief spiel and to let it be known that no effort is in vain, no matter the outcome. “As a property estate company which has been leading in the line of providing affordable housing all across the country and beyond, we are indeed honoured to  give out this full plot of land to the late journalist, whom if he was alive would have a dream to own a house but because his life was cut short, he couldn’t fulfil the dream. “So as an organisation, we are happy to play a vital role in fulfilling his dreams of owning a house through this gesture, though, we would have been happy for him to be alive to witness this, we still want to give his family something to show that he didn’t die in vain,” Onalaja stated. Speaking about the land being presented during the NMNA award, Onalaja stated that aside the fact that the late Precious is going to get an award on September 15 during the NMNA award in Lagos, his organisation is happy to be a part of a programme that encourages journalists, so it is in order for them to give his family the land they want to give him at the same time he is getting his award. “Our partnership with NMNA is to encourage journalism and reward excellence. And this is one of the ways we think we can do that,” he concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...