President Muhammadu Buhari has explained why his administration is investing heavily on infrastructural development, saying that it is to encourage investments in the country. He made the remark on Wednesday in New York, at the sidelines of the 74th UN General Assembly, when he met with President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal. The President said: “We are a large country, with a vast population and poor infrastructure. But we need people to come and invest, that’s why we are focusing on roads, rail, power, airports, and many others. Without infrastructure, the investment would be slow.” He thanked Portugal for the “steadfast support” it has given Nigeria on many fronts, adding that “concern about global issues is genetic for Portugal.” President Buhari said the Sahel was awash with illegal small arms, exacerbating the security situation in the North-East of Nigeria, but added that government was doing a lot to bring things under control. Man hacked to death over alleged eyeing of married woman in… UNGA video: Buhari’s remark was within context ― Presidency More than 1,100 protesters arrested after demonstration in… Bouteflika’s brother sentenced to 15 years in prison ALSO READ: Despite public outcry, Reps step down motion on border closure On security in the Gulf of Guinea, he solicited for the support of Portugal, saying most of the stolen crude oil from Nigeria and other countries pass through the region. President Buhari said in the second term of his administration, “we will consolidate on what we started in the first term so that I can thereafter retire in peace and comfort.” President de Sousa commended what he called “the excellent relations” between his country and Nigeria, noting: “We have Portuguese companies in Nigeria; we share the same opinion on international issues; we share your worries; follow closely what is happening in the Sahel, and we support you in fighting terrorism.” Portugal hosts Euro-African Forum next year, and President de Sousa invited President Buhari to declare the event open in Lisbon, “even if it’s for half a day.” He said it would be a great honour to have the Nigerian leader in Portugal, “and we have been waiting for you to visit for three years. Many African leaders have come, but we want Nigeria.” Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/