ACTING president, Christ Apostolic Church, Nigeria and Overseas, Pastor Samuel Ogundare, has appealed to government leaders, most especially President Muhammadu Buhari, to take actions to tackle insecurity in our land. He made this appeal during the opening address of the annual pastor’s conference and convention held at Christ Apostolic Church, Oke Ife, Agbowo, Ibadan, Oyo State, with the theme “Making full proof of your ministry.” Wale Oke charges religious bodies on unity CAC sets seven-year target for capacity expansion Anglican Church building at Ibabu dedicated South African returnees get financial aid, succour from… “Feelings of insecurity among our people have increased, especially with incidences of kidnappings and killings on our roads. Government and all relevant security and law-enforcement agencies should rise up to challenge by taking urgent proactive steps to make Nigeria safe again,” he said. Concerning finding a lasting and genuine resolution of all crises with the Christ Apostolic Church, Ogundare stated that the church had approached those appointed ‘illegally’ and requested them to come to a roundtable for amicable resolution. “On our part, we will continue to make it clear that our fight is not for any personal interest but to ensure that the glorious future of Christ Apostolic Church is not mortgaged by anybody and to ensure that the Certificate of Incorporation of the church of 1985 is in our custody and is safe,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/