The camp of the Deputy President of the Senate, Ovie Omo-Agege has erupted in jubilation as the Senator representing Delta Central, on Saturday, floored his opponent from the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Hon Evelyn Oboro at the Election Petition Tribunal sitting at Asaba. The tribunal, which affirmed the victory of Omo-Agege in the February 23, 2019, National Assembly elections, declared that the petition filed by Oboro for the Delta Central Senatorial election fell short of merit and, therefore, dismissed. Oboro had approached the tribunal with four prayers which included, among others, to declare her as the winner of the February 23 National Assembly election. The prayers were subsequently struck out by the panel members on the election petition Tribunal. UPDATE: Sanwo-Olu condemns attack on Shoprite, says 5000… Yellow fever outbreak: Ebonyi govt commences massive… BREAKING: Over 500 Muslim pilgrims escape death as aircraft… Tribunal: Omo-Agege thanks constituents, says petition a… ALSO READ: Gov Bala laments under utilisation of land for Agric activities It will be recalled that on Friday a member representing Ethiope Federal Constituency at the House of  Representatives, Mr Benson Roland Igbakpa, was sacked by the Election Petitions Tribunal sitting in Asaba. Igbakpa, who was earlier declared the winner of the 2019 election in the last general elections under the umbrella of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), is to be replaced by his opponent and petitioner, Chief Halims Agoda of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Chairman of the Tribunal, Justice A.M. Abubakar, while delivering the judgement on Friday, after listening to the issues raised, declared Agoda as the rightful winner of the election and ordered the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to withdraw the Certificate of Return earlier issued to Igbakpa, and re-issue same to Agoda, the APC candidate. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...