The Kaduna State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), has commenced a massive campaign to enrol 145,000 out-of-school children for the 2019/2020 academic year. The board’s Acting Director, Social Mobilisation, Malam Ibrahim Aminu, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Kaduna on Wednesday, that the campaign targets all categories of out-of-school children. Aminu said that the board had earlier mobilised 2,000 education stakeholders as influencers, who would sensitise and mobilise parents to send their children to school. ALSO READ: APWEN donates textbooks to schools in Kogi state He added that the campaign, under the World Bank assisted Better Education Service Delivery for All (BESDA), aimed to enrol 727,764 out-of-school children in the state in the next five years. “We have trained the 2,000 enrolment influencers, and they have begun community-based house-to-house sensitisation campaign on Monday with huge success so far recorded. “If every school community will enrol at least 35 out-of-school children in the 4,260 primary schools in the state, we will achieve the 145,000 targets. “Already, we are recording more than 100 pupils enrolment in most schools,” Aminu said. NAN correspondent who monitored the enrolment campaign at Sultan Bello Primary School, Kaduna, witnessed a mass turnout of parents to enrol their children in school. A seven-year-old Dauda Nuhu was visibly elated after being enrolled into primary one. BREAKING: Xenophobia: 187 Nigerians arrive Lagos from South… Oyo govt opens special bank account for recovered looted… Buhari: Tribunal’s judgment sound, lucid ― Oyetola Ogun spends N15.8bn on road construction in 6 months “I am so happy that I have been enrolled in school today; I am looking forward to learning with my friends in school,” Nuhu told NAN. Another pupil, Yusuf Suleiman, told NAN that he was in primary five when he dropped out of school after his father had an accident and fractured his leg. “Three of my brothers and I dropped out of school following the accident and have been staying at home for the past year until a group of people came and talked to my father. “They convinced him to take us back to school and I am so happy that we are all back in school,” Suleiman said. The Team Leader of the enrolment mobilisers in Kaduna North Local Government Area, Mrs Theresa Wakili, told NAN that so far, they had influenced the enrolment of more than 778 pupils in two days. “We have so far mobilised and sensitised parents in communities around 20 primary schools and recorded over 778 enrolments in just two days,” Wakili said. NAN reports that to improve learning outcomes of pupils in primary one, the board has equally begun training of 6,828 Primary I teachers on effective teaching. Malam Habib Alhassan, the board’s Acting Director, School Inspection and Monitoring, told NAN that the teachers were being trained on using the Hausa language in teaching pupils to read and write. Alhassan explained that the Result Area One of the BESDA programmes focused on increasing access to equitable and quality education for the 727,764 out-of-school children in the state. “The Result Area Two will then ensure that after the successful enrolment of the out-of-school children, the teachers are well equipped to teach the children how to read, write and manipulate numbers and figures,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!