Ikorodu Local Government Area of Lagos State on Wednesday distributed free exercise books and other writing materials to pupils in all the public primary schools in the council area. Distributing the materials, the council Chairman, Mr Wasiu Adeshina, said the materials would complement the administration’s effort in improving the standard of education in Ikorodu LGA. Adeshina also said that it would assist parents in giving their children a quality education. He said his administration had touched lives of residents in areas of works and housing, infrastructure, agriculture, rural and social development, primary healthcare, education and library services, among other achievements within two years. ALSO READ: Nigeria expects trillions from oil majors ― Malami “Today, we are clearly demonstrating the fulfilment of all the promises Wasiu Adeshina made during his election campaign. “It is the determination of this administration to improve the standard of education in Ikorodu LG, and the provision of writing materials is the first phase. “I want to implore parents, on their own part, to rise up to the challenges of monitoring, supporting and encouraging their wards toward education and good behaviour. According to him, the local government will embark on laying of the foundation of three blocks of classrooms at Aga Primary School and build and handover six toilets to Salvation Army Primary School with fencing. Adeshina said that his administration had awarded the contract for the provision of desk and benches to all the primary schools in the local government area. Man hacked to death over alleged eyeing of married woman in… UNGA video: Buhari’s remark was within context ― Presidency More than 1,100 protesters arrested after demonstration in… Bouteflika’s brother sentenced to 15 years in prison In addition, the chairman said that bursary awards would also be given to indigent students in tertiary institutions as part of the campaign promises to encourage education of youths. “I want to implore the students and guardians to take advantage of this gesture and give support to the APC Government. “With successful completion of this administration, we have demonstrated our sure commitment to all our public schools within Ikorodu LG,” he said. A former Deputy Governor of Lagos State, Prince Abiodun Ogunleye, commended the council chairman for his laudable achievements, urging parents to teach their wards on good moral. Commenting, a representative of the Lagos State Universal Basic Education (SUBEB), Mrs Ayoola Ajalogun, urged the council chief to extend his efforts to the provision of infrastructure to the schools. Also, the Majority Leader, Lagos State House of Assembly, Sanai Agunbiade, while lauding the chairman’s gesture, urged him to make environmental sanitation a priority. Agunbiade, represented by Mr Jimoh Abiodun, appealed to parents and guardians to support their children and teach them morally. According to him, the foundation is very important in their educational career. “When you see the decadence of our education today, you will realise that foundation is the most important aspect, which is the responsibility of the parents,” Agunbiade said. Commenting, a student at the Methodist Primary School, Miss Chiamaka Israel, commented the chairman and urged the spirited individuals to support him in his gesture on education. In her remarks, Mrs Toyin Fabukola, a Teacher at African Bethel Primary School, urged the chairman to do more to encourage more wards to go to school. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/