Pastor Isaiah Jirapye, Chairman, Christians Association of Nigeria (CAN) has said that the communal crisis between Tiv and Jukun in Taraba State will lead to a food crisis in the state. Jirapye, who made the assertion in an interview with newsmen in Jalingo, noted that both tribes who were engaged in the conflict were predominantly farmers, expressing fears that the crisis might result into another shortage of food in the state. He, therefore, appealed to both sides to sheath their swords for peace to reign in the area. The clergy also condemned the recent gruesome murder of Rev. Fr. David Tanko by unknown gunmen along Takum Wukari High Way. He advised the perpetrators of such dastardly act to repent and seek the “face of the Lord.” ALSO READ: Tribunal judgment: Truth has prevailed — Seyi Makinde “It is worrisome that both Tiv and Jukun who have been living together as brothers will fight so dirty, killing and destroying their homes. “Another issue of concern is that both ethnic groups are predominantly farmers and now they have both deserted their farms due to fear of attacks on each other. “The adverse effects is that this crisis will lead to food shortage and that will affect everybody. “I am appealing to both parties to sheath their swords and embrace Peace. “I am very sure that the government at all levels is not relenting on how to resolve the conflict amicably. “I also advise the killers of Rev. David Tanko who was on peace mission before he was shot dead to repent and confess to God for their punishment is grave. “He said that ‘do not touch my anointed and do no harm to my prophet’ so the curse will follow their generation upon generation except they will repent and seek the’ face of the Lord.’ ” he Tiv and Jukun all claim to be Christians and their actions do not portray Christianity and this lack of tolerance is an embarrassment to the Christianity’, he said. Jirapye urged commended the state government for its support to the displaced persons especially for the provision of facilities and security in the IDPs camp. He, however, urged the government to do more especially in the area of food and medicals. According to him, the IDPs deserve every form of support because it is not their intention to find themselves where they are. “So, we are appealing to government and other well-meaning citizens and organisations to do more in the area of humanitarian support to the displaced’,. He added. The CAN chairman gave Gov. Darius Ishaku a pass Mark as he attained another 100 days in office. He said that his ability to handle a different crisis that erupted in the state within this period was another landmark achievement. Jirapye noted that crisis could bring distractions to governance, calling on the people in the state to live in peace with one another to attract development. According to him, without peace, there can’t be development. “If you build roads and nobody can walk on them, if you build schools and hospitals, nobody can use them. “So wherever there is no peace, development is bound to be scarce’, He noted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!