The Ohinoyi of Ebira Land Dr Ado Ibrahim has challenged women in the country to unite and speak in one voice towards putting an end to violence against women in the election. Dr Ibrahim who identified the failure of women in Nigeria to believe in themselves as one of the reasons why violence and harassment of women persist in politics disclosed this when Challenge Parenthood Initiative (CPI) paid him an advocacy visit in Okene ahead of the governorship election slated for November, 16th in Kogi State. Dr Ibrahim who described Women as a nation builder and should be treated with respect and given equal opportunity in the political space said it was appalling that despite the campaign for the inclusion of more women in politics, it has not been fully implemented in Nigeria and Africa in general. The 93 years old monarch while condemning violence before, during and after the election in Nigeria said it is time for politicians to move from a must-win syndrome politics, but rather adopt a model were the voices the electorates will be reflected through the ballot. ALSO READ:Oyo returns 34 per cent out-of-school children to classrooms Dr Ibrahim while eulogising Nigerian women for their roles in the home and nation-building said the time is ripe for women to come together in one voice and participate in active politics, by avoiding any form of distraction that could emanate from any quarters in the society. According to him, Women makes the future hence the nation cannot achieve its developmental project when women are completely relegated to the background. While describing as worrisome the spate of violence faced by women in the country, the monarch enjoined Challenged Parenthood Initiative (CPI) not to be discouraged in accomplishing her goals which according to him will help towards building a better society acceptable by all in the word. N90bn FIRS fund: We don’t endorse corruption ― CAN Ayade meets Abba Kyari on Bakassi Deep Sea Port project Nigeria @59: There’s hope for Nigeria to emerge among… Ipati farmland: Appeal court rules in favour of Loso… Earlier, the Executive Director Challenge Parenthood Initiative (CPI) Eunice Abimbola Agbogun told the monarch that her organisation in collaboration with National Democratic Institute (NDI), USAID have been championing the campaign to put an end to victimisation of women during the election. She pointed out that, CPI had visited various stakeholder which includes political parties, traditional institutions with the aim of also accomplishing the ‘Get out the vote ” GOTV program which is targeted at ensuring my active participation in the forthcoming gubernatorial election in Kogi State. Also at the weekend, CPI technical support team paid an advocacy visit to the State secretariat of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Received by the State Publicity Secretary  Bode Ogunmola, CPI technical team lead by Mr Idris, hinted that the organisation has trained 63 personnel’s across the 21 Local Government of the State on the campaign to stop violence against women in politics. Adding her voice, the project manager of CPI Mrs Ruth Olatunji while presenting an overview of the project solicited the support of the party in achieving an election that is devoid of violence, intimidation and harassment of women who are out to exercise their civic responsibility. She added that the structural barriers against women in party politics should be removed. Responding, the Kogi State People Democratic Party (PDP) publicity secretary Bode Ogunmola told his visitors that his party over the years have been promoting peace and tranquillity before, during and after the election in the state. According to him, all hands must be on deck to achieve a peaceful poll adding that INEC should not be biased in the discharge of their duties. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/