A host of life-changing innovations were highlighted at the lively awards ceremony, which marked the close of four days of showcasing, networking and debates at the International Telecommunications Union (ITU) Telecoms World 2019, which  took place in Bupest, Hungary. Award-winning innovations from SMEs, governments and major corporates came from areas as diverse as online education, 5G airships and drones, green 5G, digital addressing, transforming digital heat from datacentres, nanosatellites and enabling barrier free emergency calls. Winners and finalists in several categories were presented with trophies and certificates by ITU Secretary-General, Mr Houlin Zhao, in the presence of government ministers, industry leaders, representatives of media and other high-level delegates from across the globe. The Global SME Excellence winner was announced following action-packed live pitching from finalists in the Awards Ceremony itself. A Brief History of Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency Experts decry challenges in telecoms industry, proffer… Brain Squad wins People’s Choice Award at Technovation… Ikeja Computer Village Expo 2019 to hold in December Many churches, even mosques, have adopted our style —Olukoya, MFM GO “ITU is delighted to announce the Award winners here in Budapest, where the Awards, along with other international services to SMEs, were first launched at ITU Telecom World 2015,” said  Zhao. “Since then, we have watched this platform grow, support and promote examples of tech for good. This week, we have showcased and explored the products and solutions that can change lives and make connectivity truly meaningful. With our ITU Telecom World Award winners, we now recognise another fresh crop of innovators, who I hope will now go forth and take their businesses onto the global stage,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!