The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has pledged its fidelity to the provision of the Freedom of Information Act. The Commission made the commitment in its revised Communication Policy it unveiled recently. INEC in the new policy said being a public institution, it was mandatory for it “to publish certain types of information proactively and routinely, even without any request from anyone for the information.” It further promised to increase the number of documents and information that it discloses proactively beyond the requirements of the Law, so as make such documents and information automatically available to the public and thereby reduce the number of requests for information it receives from the public and consequently, the burden on its personnel in processing individual requests for information. “The FOI Act places two major obligations on INEC as a public institution. The first obligation is to publish certain types of information proactively and routinely, even without any request from anyone for the information. The list of information, documents and records to be published proactively are contained in Section 2(3)(a) to (f) of the Act. “INEC, like other public institutions, is required to ensure that the information referred to in this section is widely disseminated and made readily available to members of the public through various means, including print, electronic and online sources, and at the offices of such public institutions. INEC will use its website and various publications to publish and disseminate these information, documents and records as may be suitable and appropriate. “As a matter of policy, INEC will also grow and increase the number of documents and information that it discloses proactively beyond the requirements of the Law, so as make such documents and information automatically available to the public and thereby reduce the number of requests for information it receives from the public and consequently, the burden on its personnel in processing individual requests for information. Guber race: PDP will reclaim Kogi State ― Wada Makinde, a rare welfarist governor ― Ejiogbe Xenophobic attacks: SERAP seeks $10bn punitive damages… WAEC certificate: Vacate office now, PDP tells Buhari ALSO READ: Over 90 public properties unlawfully appropriated in Kwara — AbdulRazaq “The second obligation on public institutions is to respond speedily, not later than seven days, to requests for information from members of the public. In compliance with Section 2(3)(f) of the FOI Act and the Guidelines on the Implementation of the Freedom of Information Act, 2011, Revised Edition 2013, issued by the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, INEC will set up a Freedom of Information Unit and designate a senior official, of at least Assistant Director level, as the head of the Unit. “The Unit will have direct responsibility for reviewing or considering applications for information from members of the public and determining what records, documents or information should be disclosed as well as generally ensuring compliance with the provisions of the Act through the adoption of institutional best practices. “The Unit will undertake a periodic review of record-keeping and maintenance procedures within INEC; report to and liaise with the Office of the Attorney General of the Federation; prepare a record map or chart for INEC, and ensure compliance with the proactive disclosure obligations of INEC. “In the light of Section 13 of the Act, which specifically provides that: ‘Every government or public institution must ensure the provision of appropriate training for its officials on the public’s right to access to information or records held by government or public institutions, as provided for in this Act and for the effective implementation of this Act.'” The Commission further revealed that the “purpose of the communication policy/strategy is to ensure that communications across the Commission and between the commission and the public are well-coordinated, effectively managed and responsive to the diverse information needs of the public.” It said the communication policy/strategy seeks, amongst others enhance INEC’s transparency, credibility and integrity as well as to strengthen and sustain public trust and confidence in the Commission and ensure the Commission visibility, accessibility and accountability, using a variety of communication channels/languages and targeting diverse stakeholders. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.