The Senate has said it was not aware of any alleged power play between the Vice-President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo and certain individuals within the Presidency. Chairman Senate Committee on Media and Public Affairs, Senator Adedayo Adeyeye said this on Tuesday while speaking with newsmen. President Muhammadu had last week stripped Professor Osinbajo of supervisory role over certain agencies and parastatals. Senator Adeyeye told newsmen that it was not the business of the lawmakers as it noted that President Muhammadu Buhari reserves the right to run the Executive arm of government the way and manner he deems right. He said: “The Senate is not involved with that and we are not concerned about what happens in the Executive or things that are happening within the Executive. ALSO READ: PDP demands investigation into alleged N90bn FIRS scandal OYC sets date to honour, mourn departed Igbo youths Climate crisis: Grassroots movements blame oil… Jigawa Assembly suspends principal officers over alleged… Protesters storm Lagos Assembly, demand probe of Ambode “I speak for the Senate. I do not speak for the Executive and I do not want to concern myself with the issue of the Vice President or the Executive, it is not our business, That is the executive arm of government and we do not interfere. Why do we have to do that? “It is not our concern, why do you want to drag me into something that does not really concern me and that does not concern the Senate? “So, we are not bordered about that and we are not concerned. I am not aware of any role constitutionally assigned to the Vice President has been taken away from him. Nothing like that has happened. “Constitutionally assigned duties remain the same. Get it right, the President has the prerogative to assign duties to all those who work with him in the executive. He has the constitutional power, he can call the Minister of Works and say, okay tomorrow, go to Finance, go to Labour. The Senate will not inquire into that because that is his duties. “He can say my vice-president I give you these additional responsibilities where is the power of the Senate to investigate that! So we are not bothered about that and we are not concerned. “I want to tell you that at this moment we are not investigating it.” Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!