In its determination to boost food production, Bauchi State​ Government has procured over 18,000 metric tonnes of assorted fertilizer for 2019 farming season just as it denied the story in some sections of the media that recently reported there was a shortage of fertiliser in the state. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture, Dr Musa​ Bala Lukshi stated this in a statement distributed to reporters in Bauchi on Monday denying the said publication, Bala Lukshi stated that ” the attention of​ the Ministry of Agriculture was drawn over the caption circulated in some National dailies that said “Fertiliser Scarcity Hits Bauchi”, and quoted the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry as the author of the Statement. This is a misrepresentation of facts”. ALSO READ: Diezani did not use her salary as minister to buy $40m jewellery ― EFCC First 100 days of Tinubu as gov is my most challenging… Group backs SouthEast Govs, warns against plot to install… No hiding place for criminals in kano ― Ganduje PDP primaries: Bello receives Adamawa counterpart, Gov… He stated that “to put the record straight, initially the Bauchi State Government under the leadership of Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir had purchased 6,000 metric tonnes of assorted fertiliser which was distributed to farmers across the 20 local government areas of the State, under the revolving funds’ scheme”. “When the procured number got finished, the government immediately purchased another 6,000 metric tonnes of the commodity and we are now going to the third round we have purchased another 6000 metric tonnes that are currently being distributed to the nooks and crannies in all the 20 local government areas of the State”, he explained. Bala Lukshi added that “Throughout the information I released, there was nowhere that I said the “fertiliser scarcity hits Bauchi”. It’s​ not true​ it’s an imagination of the reporters,” He, however, explained ​ that “the interview was conducted since when the first consignment of the commodity was finished, after which we purchased the second one we distributed it and presently​ another round of 6,000 metric tonnes are purchased.​ We are now on the third batch of the distribution of the commodity”. “We have purchased 3,000 metric tonnes of Urea, which was not purchased for a long time by the previous administrations. The caption in the media is misleading, a misrepresentation of facts and unprofessional. I would like to advise Journalists to be more professional in the discharge of their duties and to always check and cross-check their facts before going to the press.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...