Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo state, on Thursday, said the state government would collaborate with local security outfit including the Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) in the formation of a joint security operation, tagged “Amotekun” to tackle the security challenges in the south-west region. Akeredolu who stated this in Akure, Ondo state capital, while receiving the state executive members of the Aare Onakakanfo, Dr Gani Adams led Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) in his office, said this became necessary in order to encourage community policing. Akeredolu who was represented by his Senior Special Assistant on Security, Alhaji Jimoh Dojumo, said the state government had resolved to partner the group as a leading member of the state security outfit, Amotekun for the purpose of homebrew community policing aimed at banishing criminal activities out of the state. He disclosed that other south-west governors have also enlisted the service and cooperation of the OPC to coordinate other local groups, which include, Vigilante Group of Nigeria (VGN), Agbekoya Group and local hunters to partner and assist the police in securing the Southwest region against kidnapping, banditry, armed robbery and other criminal activities. He said “My Governor, Arakunrin Oluwarotimi Akeredolu who is the chairman of Southwest Governors’ Forum convened the Southwest Security meeting in Ibadan, Oyo state capital few weeks ago where it was resolved by the forum to jointly finance a security outfit to tackle the incessant cases of kidnapping, armed banditry, herdsmen attacks and criminals rampaging the region. Police discover house with over 300 chained inmates in… DSS yet to get court order on Sowore — Spokesman Reps set up ad-hoc committee to probe N5 trillion crude… Reps reject motion seeking deregistration of political… “It was there that it was first agreed upon that the security outfit must enlist the support and participation of our brothers in OPC under the leadership of the Aare Onakakanfo, Dr Gani Adams in other to assist the police in it quest to get rid of organised crimes in the grassroots, our forests, our villages, towns and cities. The community policing policy will also include other local security outfits like Vigilante Group of Nigeria and local hunters. ALSO READ: World Bank commends Ekiti developmental strides “I am happy to also inform you that our Governor has already brazen the trail by procuring hundreds of SUV utility vans and over two hundreds and fifty motor bikes for the takeoff of the Amotekun Security outfit, which am sure, some of it will be allocated to your group, OPC as operational vehicles among other incentives to assist you in doing the job which you have volunteered to undertake for our people with all loyalty, dedication and faithfulness. The gods of our land shall be with you and keep you safe throughout the tough task,” Dojumo stated. The leader of the delegation and Ondo state coordinator, Comrade Pius Ogunsanya, said the group will always be ready to partner with the south-west governors to put an end to the security challenges in the region. He assured that the group shall use the platform to foster peace, love, understanding and unity among all the paramilitary and security stakeholders in the region. Ogunsanya noted that the territorial protection of the south-west region is germane and dear to the heart of OPC founder, saying the group would partner with the Nigeria Police Force, relevant government security agencies, other security organizations, traditional rulers and all the southwest governors to protect lives and properties of the region. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.