Chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Banking and Currency, Hon. Victor Nwokolo on Sunday said the House at no given time summoned the Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele over the new cash policy. Hon. Nwokolo, who cleared the air on the resolution passed by the House last week Tuesday plenary session via a statement, denied media reports that the House summoned the CBN governor. He, however, explained that the CBN governor could not honour the Committee’s invitation because he was on an official assignment with both the Finance minister, Zainab Ahmad and the minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami over the controversial $9.6 billion judgment debt to Process and Industrial Development (P&ID) Limited in the United Kingdom. According to him, the proposed meeting with the CBN governor was aimed at addressing public concerns on how the effects of the cashless policy can be reduced to enable Nigerians to enjoy the benefits therefrom. ALSO READ: #RevolutionNow protests: FG to arraign Sowore Monday BBNaija (S4): Elozonam, Ike evicted Abuja-Kaduna train service generates N100m monthly ― NRC MD Bauchi gets $44.63m from AfDB for development Why we are running a welfarist govt in Oyo ― Makinde “The motion simply asked the CBN governor and the bankers committee to interface with us so that we can find ways and means to curb the hardship of the policy on Nigerians. “We need to know how they arrived at the charges and the indices used to arrive at the conclusion too. Our intention on this issue is simple and it simply aims at the possibility of Nigerians using the policy to their advantage. “By so doing, we’ll know where it bites most through the proposed interface with the Governor and his officials. “There was no place that we mentioned in the motion that the House is summoning the arrowhead of the Apex bank of the country. “The CBN governor has been the vanguard of how our various economic policies can get the right direction for the progress of Nigeria. “If you say he was summoned, it simply connotes he has a query to answer but in this case, he is interfacing with us to alleviate the situation as it is,” Hon. Nwokolo stressed. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/