Following the recent cases of yellow fever outbreak recorded in Bauchi State, management of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has commenced immunization of all Corps members posted to the state. State Coordinator of NYSC, Alhaji Bashir Shehu disclosed this on Monday during the closing ceremony of the Orientation course for the 2019 Batch B, Stream II Corps members posted to the State. He said that the vaccination would cover not only the newly deployed NYSC Corps members but would be extended to those who are already serving in all the 20 local government areas of the state. According to him, the immunization is being conducted by health personnel from the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital (ATBUTH) Bauchi. Don’t move your cattle along South-East, Ohanaeze… Tribunal: Ajimobi, Balogun know fate Tuesday Horror in Ebonyi as 10 feared dead, four missing Tribunal sacks PDP Rep member in Ebonyi, declares APC… ALSO READ: Ogun govt donates 100 operational vehicles, 200 motorcycles to Police “Furthermore, we have consistently assured the Corps members that Bauchi is a very peaceful and NYSC friendly state. May I, therefore, appeal to the state government, security agencies, our royal fathers, religious and community leaders and indeed all the good people of the state to continue to make concerted effort to ensure adequate security for the Corps members”. He entreated. In his speech, the State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed represented by a Commissioner, Hajara Gidado urged the NYSC members to make meaningful contributions to the development of their host communities by bringing to bear the skills and knowledge acquired during the orientation course. He said that his government has in line with its policy on youth development put in place solid welfare package for their security and general well-being advising the Corps members to integrate with the citizens of the state and contribute their quota to the growth of the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.