A man, Saheed Adewole has prayed Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, to end his five-year-old marriage to his wife, Adeola Adewole. Saheed had sought for divorce on the accounts of troublesomeness, constant fight and infidelity by the wife. Saheed implored the court, if his prayer was answered, to grant him custody of their two children for proper care. “My wife is wayward. She hops from one bed to another and if care is not taken she will kill me. I don’t want her to infect me with STDs or a worse ailment.  I, therefore, plead that you end our relationship. “I have not had peace or rest since we got married five years ago. There was hardly a time we sat down as husband and wife to play or show intimacy towards each other. “My lord, if Adeola is not fighting, me she’s cursing me. She derives pleasure in fighting and humiliating me before our neighbours. “She rain curses on me on a daily basis. But for God, I would have ended up becoming a nobody as a result of her frequent curses. “My lord, there were times my wife locked me out for returning home late. I would knock at the door several times and she would refuse to open. Angry and frustrated, I would start banging on it, but my wife would still refuse to let me in. I have slept outside home on some instances because of this. “She likewise extended her hostility to our neighbours and would always raise dust over trivial issues. She has succeeded in turning tenants against one another. My wife sleeps around, smokes 50 sticks of  cigarette in a… ‘For 10 yrs, my wife decided when we had sex, refused me sex… My wife comes to my office, strips herself naked,  fights… Despite her bad voice, she joined a music band against my… “I took another wife because of her promiscuous lifestyle and unruly behaviour. I, therefore, don’t need her again. “I plead with this honourable court to grant me custody of our two children in order that I might give them proper attention and shield them from taking to their mother’s decadent nature, “the plaintiff said. “My lord, I’m not divorcing my husband although he’s an ingrate, “Adeola stated. “I stuck out my neck for him. I visited different spiritualists on his behalf to facilitate his breakthrough and this he finally got. “Immediately he got rich, he started misbehaving and neglected me. Now he’s looking for a means of getting rid of me. “My lord, this is the time he should show appreciation towards me for staying with him through thick and thin. This is the time he should shower me and our children with love and attention and also meet our needs regularly at home as the breadwinner. “My lord, my husband and I will stick together forever.  My children and I will stay with him and enjoy his wealth whether he likes it or not, “Adeola declared. Ruling after he had listened to both parties, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade dissolved their union and granted custody of their children to the defendant. The plaintiff was asked to pay the sum of N10, 000 monthly through the court as their feeding allowance. He was also requested to be responsible for their general wellbeing, education and health care given utmost priority. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...