The national leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has admonished Nigerians “to engage only in acts that would heal our fault lines by promoting ethnic and religious tolerance and peaceful coexistence, which it noted, “would engender Nigeria’s growth and development.” National publicity secretary of the party, Mallam Lanre Isa-Onilu gave the admonition on Monday in a statement on the occasion of the national independence anniversary. The party which saluted Nigerian founding fathers for the sacrifices made to enthrone self-rule cautioned against actions and pronouncements that could instigate separatist movement. “As a nation, we are better together than we are apart. Hence, we must be wary of those who hide under religion, politics, tribe and sundry groupings to turn us against one another. Despite our perceived differences, our strength and progress depend on our ability to harness our rich diversity. “As Africa’s most populous nation, we can do much better, given our natural resources and potential. The President Buhari administration is committed to building on and affirming our Giant of Africa status.” In his own message, the presidential candidate of the Alliance for United Nigeria (AUN), Angela Johnson, said he was delighted to join patriotic Nigerians all over the world in celebrating our dear country’s 59th Independence Celebration. He noted that despite the monumental loss of hope by Nigerians in the Nigeria system’ orchestrated by unresolved insecurity, hunger, epileptic power supply, economic downturn, killings of Nigerians abroad and policy somersaults, the citizens must raise their heads high. He said: “With hope, all is not lost. God still loves Nigeria and things will be better. At this time when other countries are reinventing their potential, the prevailing abuse of governance through disobedience to court orders by government, growing local and foreign debts with no corresponding uplift in living standard, dysfunctional educational and health system, politicising minimum wage and inability to enthrone food sufficiency remain unacceptable. Nigeria@59: Fintiri pardons 18 prisoners to mark… Independence: Ondo govt commutes seven death sentence to… Nigeria@59: Gbajabiamila tasks Nigerians on unity, prayers… Army needs spiritual help to defeat Boko Haram ― Buratai ALSO READ: How Osinbajo drove Nigeria to top 20 on improvers of doing business ranking “However, we must all collectively allow our patriotic spirit to drive our attitudes in the face of multi-ethnic and religious uprisings as we can only achieve our objective as one indivisible country.” The AUN presidential candidate equally aligned himself with the position of the ruling party that Nigeria’s unity was non-negotiable. “At 59, we should begin to see the unity of the country as non-negotiable; a country that has become indivisible. As citizens, we should, therefore, think less about tribal and religious differences and think more about the harmony and progress of the country. I call for peaceful co-existence among Nigerians irrespective of their religious beliefs. We should live in peace and avoid any form of violence. As a matter of fact, at 59 years of age, Nigerians should also grow beyond ethnic war songs. Hence, ethnic associations and groups beating ethnic war drums should discontinue. Such tendencies have no meaningful contribution to the desired prosperity of the country. “We should also leverage the 59th Independence event to pray for God’s intervention in the affairs of the nation. Alliance for United Nigeria, AUN, remains committed to ushering only a people-oriented government that is responsive to the needs of the governed in the years ahead through the enablement of Nigerians. “May the good Lord bless Nigeria people in particular and Nigerians in general on this momentous period of 59th Independence celebration.” How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.