The remains of the lecturer of the Ondo State University of Science and Technology, Okitipupa, Gideon Okedayo, who was abducted and killed by his abductors were on Saturday committed to mother earth. Okedayo who was buried amid tears in his residence, in Idepe, Okitipupa in Okitipupa Local Government Area of the state, was allegedly killed by some bandits after kidnapping him at Edo State, on his way to Igira in Kogi State last week. Speaking during the burial of the University  don, who was a pastor in the Redeemed Christian Church of God, the Pastor in charge of Ondo Province 5 of RCCG, Pastor Johnson  Umoren said death was no respecter of anyone, describing the late don as a committed man of God who had made his impact in the academics and the church. He said, “Therefore as we mourn, we should not mourn as those without hope. We are very sure he is resting with the Lord. You must summon courage to forge ahead and continue where he has stopped. This I know will gladden his heart. “To the wife and children. Don’t forget you are not alone, the good Shepherd has promised ” he will not leave nor forsake you . We pray the Lord to continue to protect, keep you, raise help for you in time of need and satisfy you with long life”. He called on the government to find a lasting solution to the security challenges confronting the country, and prayed for the holy spirit to fish out those behind the ugly act. ALSO READ: UPDATE: Ogun Tribunal throws out Akinlade’s petition against Abiodun 1999 Constitution is Boko Haram GenCos releases 3,767MW of electricity to national grid UPDATE: Ogun Tribunal throws out Akinlade’s petition… Osun set to sack 422 workers over certificate scandal In her words at the event, the wife of the late professor, Mrs Marrietta Okedayo said her husband was embedded with relentless capacity to speak the truth at all times and act fearlessly because, “you have God’s backing. Without ambiguity, you are a man of great finesse, industry and a lover of people.” “You were a devout Christian and a pastor indeed who lived an exemplary life which I am still emulating till this very moment. You were a great disciplinarian, academic, a father and a mentor. You were a genius with no match, but Nigeria did not protect you”. Also speaking,  the Vice-Chancellor, of the OSUSTECH, Professor Sunday Ogunduyile, said there is need for more proactive approach to tackle insecurity in Nigeria. Ogunduyile described death as inevitable that would come at the appointed time but said Okedayo’s death came as a rude shock to the university community. He said, “The reaction of the death news on my physical body was immediate stomach ” rebellion” leading to the toilet: By the time I came to myself, I realized that my judgment about the insecurity in Nigeria became more unacceptable and condemnable. “We will miss him as a great and unforgettable friend, worker, as the Dean of emerging postgraduate school, a former head of department of mathematics who worked assiduously along with others to develop appropriate. His dedication to the growth of OSUSTECH and his community are legacies that would remain indelible forever”. The funeral service for the late lecturer was attended by family, friends and members of staff of the OSUSTECH as well as members of the RCCG . SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!