FRUIT empanadas are tasty snacks or dessert that was made with dough and fruit in this case strawberry. Feel free to use any fruit of your choice, it is still the same process. Fruits Empanadas Dough 3 Cups All-purpose flour 1 Cup Unsalted butter (2 sticks/225 grams) ½ Cup of granulated sugar (adjust to your preference) 2 Eggs Pinch of salt A few drops of cold water (I used 4 tablespoons) Egg wash (one egg whisk with a tablespoon of water) Filling 1 – 1.5 Cup Strawberry or any fruits of your choice (fresh or can) 1/8-1/4 Cup brown sugar (you can use more/adjust to your preference) ½ Teaspoon ground cinnamon 1 Teaspoon vanilla ½ Teaspoon nutmeg Try out Pasta Salad! Why sex education is a must for children at early age —… What govt should do to checkmate fake drugs in Nigeria… Many couples patch themselves up, pretend all is well —Dr… 1 Tablespoon unsalted butter 2 Teaspoons of Cornstarch Pinch of Salt Enough oil for frying Melt butter in a pot over medium heat and then add the remaining filling ingredients and cook the strawberry down, dissolve the cornstarch into small water about 2-3 tablespoons to avoid lumps then drizzle over the strawberry mixture and if you desire you can add the cornstarch directly to the strawberry mixture but make sure you mix very well and no lump. Continue to cook until the mixture thickens then, pour into a bowl set aside to cool down. In a bowl or food processor add sugar, flour, salt and whisk. Add egg, and butter (cut into pieces) and drizzle about 2 tablespoons of cold water then use the pulse button on your food processor (use your hand if you don’t have a food processor) and mix until the flour mixture come together. You may add about one tablespoon of water at a time if you need to. Place the dough on a worktop and knead for a few times, then place on cling film and press the dough down to form a thick flat disc. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Take the dough out, place it on your worktop surface and roll the dough out and cut with a cookie cutter or any round object, making sure the dough is not very thick. Scoop small strawberry filling and add to one side of the cut-out dough, don’t overfill the dough to avoid spilling over when sealing the dough. Brush egg wash (it serves as a binder) inside the dough and cover with the half side then use a fork to seal. Repeat the process until you exhaust the dough. After this stage, you could refrigerate for at least 30 minutes but this is optional but helps with leaking. Heat oil in a big pan or Dutch pot over medium-high heat and fry on both sides until golden brown. To bake: Preheat the oven 375 degrees F/190 Celsius for at least 15 minutes line a baking sheet with parchment paper and line the empanadas then brush the top egg wash (this gives it golden brown color) then sprinkle some sugar and ground cinnamon if you desire then bake for 20-25 minutes or until golden brown. Serve and enjoy! This could be served with strawberry and ice-cream and chocolate. You could also dust some powdered or confectioner sugar over it.  Sodamade, a food blogger is based in the US.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!