The worsening climate change has again been identified as the major cause of crisis between farmers and herders in communities across Nigeria. The Centre for Peace and Environmental Justice (CEPEJ) reiterated the submission on Tuesday in Warri, Delta State, saying the impact of climate change was responsible to the downward migration of cattle to the southern part of the country for luscious forages. CEPEJ’s National Coordinator, Comrade Sheriff Mulade, while making the assertion at the World Peace Day with the theme “International Day of Peace, Climate Action for Peace,” said the crisis has caused many deaths and losses of properties in communities most affected. ALSO READ: Escravos pipeline, major challenge on Lagos-Ibadan rail project ― Amaechi “The cases of banditry which is threatening the security of lives and properties and the peace of many communities across the country today can also be linked to the effect of climate change. OYC sets date to honour, mourn departed Igbo youths Climate crisis: Grassroots movements blame oil… Jigawa Assembly suspends principal officers over alleged… Protesters storm Lagos Assembly, demand probe of Ambode “Climate change is perhaps the biggest challenge faced by our generation today. “It effects are widespread and significant, affecting agriculture, energy, human health, terrestrial and marine ecosystems, water resources, and some industries across the world and especially Africa. “Its toll on human life is irrefutable and, is obviously, a major threat to peace in our society,” he enthused. The group, therefore, appealed to the federal, states, local governments, critical stakeholders as well as students to ensure that the conversation on climate change and corresponding action is sustained beyond the event. “There is no going back on what has been happening globally since the Paris Agreement was ratified and the Sustainable Development Agenda launched in 2015 till date. “We risk the wide range of devastating impacts of climate change if we fail to continue to take actions,” Mulade concluded. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!