National Deputy President of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), Bishop Francis Wale Oke, has expressed concern that churches in Nigeria have deviated from the cause of soul winning. Oke, who is also the presiding bishop of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries, Ibadan, Oyo State, disclosed that the focus of most churches these days is the pursuit of mundane things that are not preparing people, especially Christians, for eternity. The cleric said this while hosting to the leadership of Foursquare Gospel Church, Lagos, who came to introduce the church’s new General Overseer, Reverend Sam Aboyeji, in his office last Tuesday. Action Alliance National Chairman not kidnapped, he was… He told the delegation led by the outgoing General Overseer of the church, Reverend Felix Meduoye, that churches were fast losing focus by drifting from their primary charge of assignment of enlisting people into the kingdom of God. ‘Engagement of youths will solve insecurity problem’ Cleric enjoins all to prepare for eternity by living… When Sanwo-Olu, Emmanuel, others celebrated MFM’s 30 years… Address security problem, Akinfenwa tells FG “My concern is that the church is drifting. We have left our primary assignment of soul winning to the pursuits of other lesser things. Yes, money is good, but everything should not be made to centre around prosperity,” he said. The bishop called on pastors to reorder their priorities in making God’s charge their main focus by genuinely winning souls for him. Oke, who thanked the leadership of the Foursquare Church for counting him worthy to be visited, commended Meduoye for his sterling qualities that made the church to be cisis-free, urging the Reverend Aboyeji to be humble and emulate his predecessors. Earlier, Meduoye informed Oke that the process that produced the new general overseer was transparent, making the transition in the church to be seamless. “Our transition in the church is a four-stage process. There is no inconsistency, the process was very transparent and seamless. In fact, Nigerian government needs to learn from us on how election should be conducted,” Meduoye said. In his remarks, Aboyeji assured he would not deviate from the right path laid by those before him, promising to take the church to lofty heights. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...