Osun State government on Friday commenced dredging of its rivers and waterways as part of its measures to forestall flooding in the state. Similarly, Governor Adegboyega Oyetola has reiterated his warning to residents against the bad habit of disposing wastes in rivers and drainages, saying the government would soon set up a task force to ensure that the citizens of the state dispose their wastes in accordance with the state’s environmental regulations. Oyetola spoke on Friday shortly after  observing Juma’at prayer at the Osun State Government Secretariat Central Mosque, Osogbo. The governor also visited some flooded areas where the dredging exercise had begun. The governor and his entourage had last Sunday visited some flooded areas in Osogbo, the state capital to assess the extent of damage. He had on the occasion promised that the state government would commence the dredging of the rivers by this week. By Thursday, the dredging machines arrived and  dredging exercise has commenced. Speaking during inspection to the site, Oyetola said the topographical location of the state was the major reason for the overflow of the rivers. He urged the people of the state to cultivate the habit of proper waste disposal. He said the decision to dredge all the rivers and waterways across the state was in fulfilment of the administration’s commitment to ensuring the security of lives and property. “This exercise is a confirmation of the fact that our administration is concerned about the security of lives and property of our people. 2020 budget: We expect early presentation by Buhari… Shi’ites allege plans to disrupt procession, shoot members Don’t buy looted Shoprite, other shops’ items, police warn… New policy on Okada in Lagos soon —Sanwo-Olu “We were here last Sunday to assure our people that the dredging exercise would commence, and as you can see, we have fulfilled the promise that we made. The dredging and channelisation exercise  would help to widen the canals for the free flow of water “This is not the only place where dredging is taking place; the dredging is taking place in Ife axis of the state and in other places in the state as well. “My appeal to our people is to do away with indiscriminate dumping of refuse. We must all adhere strictly to proper disposal and management of refuse. This is the only way to keep our rivers and waterways safe. What had happened here clearly shows that a lot of refuse were dumped here, causing blockages, affecting the free flow of water which eventually resulted to flooding. “As a government, we are committed to clean environment and hygienic living and we will stop at nothing to achieving these.” “With what we have seen, we have discovered that some buildings also encroached on the waterways and what this means is that it will be difficult for water to flow freely and when this happens, flood will occur just like what we experienced last week. But we thank God no life was lost. “In our efforts to ensure that this occurrence didn’t happen again, we will not hesitate to take away some buildings to avert flooding in the future, as well as further guarantee safety of our people. “So my appeal  to the people around here is to exercise patience as we are working hard to ensure that they get some relief. We are fully prepared for the welfare and well being of our people and as a government we shall do our best to achieve these. He commended the state government for its swift response to the incidence. Three of the residents of the flooded areas, Mr. Kamoru Omolade; Mr. Olayiwola Gbadewo and Mrs. Abulo Omolara applauded the government for its timely response to their plights. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...