A chieftain of the ruling All Progressives Congress in Kogi State and Commissioner, Ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Hon (Engr) Abubakar Ohere, recently congratulated Senator Smart Adeyemi on his emergence as the Director General (DG) of APC Governor Yahaya Bello/Edward Onoja Campaign Organisation towards the November 16th governorship election of the state. Describing the appointment of the two times senator of the Federal Republic and former National President of the Nigerian Union of Journalist as a catalyst for victory, Ohere said the APC in Kogi has made another ‘Smart’ decision, going into the November 16 Guber polls. Ohere, a party stalwart made this revelation in a press statement made available to journalists in Lokoja on Wednesday. He described Senator Smart’s selection as a smart move by the administration of Governor Yahaya Bello noted that the campaign Director-General was an excellent architect of the ruling party following his membership. Swap deal with bandits paying off ―  IGP FG, states, councils share FAAC N720.880bn CBN adds cassava derivatives to import restriction list Nigeria seeks fresh $2.5bn loan from World Bank He further said Senator Smart, Kogi West Senate hopeful has/will continue showing unalloyed loyalty and commitment to the party asserting he had no doubt the Senator will bring his huge political experience to bear when the campaign formally kicks start. The Special Adviser further stressed that he had no doubt in the ability of the DG by leading the party to victory in November 16th 2019 gubernatorial election. He further described Senator Adeyemi as a worthy political ally lauded Governor Yahaya Bello and his running mate, Hon. (Chief) Edward Onoja for the confidence reposed in the Senator assuring he will lead APC to the expected landslide victory, repetition of the victorious primary election. The singular act by the Governor, Engr. Ohere noted, was a show that he was cautious of Senator Adeyemi’s determination, intelligence and passion that he has brought to the table as a member of the APC and as a candidate in the last general election. He solicited for the usual cooperation of APC stalwarts, stakeholders and lovers of the New Direction Administration as Distinguished Senator Smart Adeyemi leads us to victory. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!