Federation of Ekiti State Students’ Union (FESSU) has urged the Ekiti State Governor, Kayode Fayemi to investigate the killings of two students of the Federal University of Oye Ekiti (FUOYE) on Tuesday, September 10th. FESSU, which is the umbrella body of all Ekiti State indigenous students also urged Governor Fayemi to prosecute men of the Nigeria Police found culpable in the Tuesday attack. The students’ body, in a release jointly signed by FESSU National President, ‘Jide-Petkoff Akomolafe; National Secretary, Ebenezer Idowu; National Senate President, Paul Kolade and Association of Ekiti local Governments’ Students Union Presidents (AELOGSUP) Chairman, Aduragbemi Aniyikaye, asked the state governor to compensate victims of the attack. ALSO READ: Don’t appeal tribunal judgement, group urges Atiku Tribune Online recalls that the students had embarked on a peaceful protest to press home their demand for improved electricity supply in their campus community when they sighted the convoy of Mrs Fayemi. The students were said to have blocked the road. Efforts by policemen attached to the security detail of the governor’s wife, Erelu Bisi Fayemi, to disperse the protesters led to the death of two students while other students sustained various degrees of injuries. Activists call for judicial inquiry into alleged killings of… Xenophobia: You are our worthy son, community tell Air Peace… Kogi Elections: FCT minister of state preaches peace, unity Don’t appeal tribunal judgement, group urges Atiku Top government officials led by the Secretary to the state government, Biodun Oyebanji paid a condolence visit to the families of the deceased on Friday. FESSU, however, said it found such visit as an avenue to “shed crocodile tears” as it lacked “essential nutrients of compensation for the families of the deceased” as the union had earlier demanded from the state government. “The union employs this medium to expressly charge the state government to as a matter of importance pronounce compensation for the families of the deceased, take responsibilities of the hospital bills of the two poor students in critical health conditions. “Ensure the unconditional release of the students in detention and ensure that justice is meted on the officers of the Nigeria Police Force who were involved in the attack that has brought about heated atmosphere in our dear state. “It is important to state that following the press release of the Union on 11th September, 2019, our union’s PRO was detained unlawfully for over 24 hours by the Ekiti State Police boss while one of the students arrested has been released on conditions while others are still detained and to be arraigned before a court next week.” The union warned that failure to meet these demands; it would call its members from various Local Governments of Ekiti State and outside the state “for mass display of displeasure.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!