The two days retreat of members of the Oyo State executive council ended at the weekend with Governor Seyi Makinde asserting readiness to put in place a strategic development plan for the state that will span 20 years. Speaking at the event held at International Institute for Tropical Agriculture (IITA), Ibadan, Makinde bemoaned that the state, for many years, because previous administrations operated with short term considerations. In light of this, Makinde, in the statement issued by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Taiwo Adisa, said he will be bullish in implementing a development plan that will benefit the state, over a longer period of time. Harping on the need for synergy between government officials and civil servants, Makinde asserted his resolve to roll up his sleeves and do the hard work for successive administrations. “We have been underachieving for many years. Administrations have come and gone. Yes, they did their best, but we have to set a high bar for ourselves. “Within the shortest possible time, we have to put in place a strategic development plan for Oyo State. We will launch 20-year development agenda to save Oyo, Seyi… Mugabe: Adeyeye, Shonibare caution African leaders on… Ekiti youths reject nullification of Senator Adeyeye’s… Osun bags World Bank Nigeria Portfolio performance award ALSO READ: Mugabe: Adeyeye, Shonibare caution African leaders on sit-tight syndrome “Administrations have come and gone but operated on ad-hoc basis, we will put in place a 15 to 20 year development plan for Oyo State. We will be bullish about our development plans. “Of course, according to the mandate right now it is for four years. So, what I mean is, we have to put up a plan or vision in which successive administrations won’t really need to go back and do the hard work again. Of course, we will do the hard work, and I have a feeling that we used to have some authentic heroes amongst us here. “Because when we are done, maybe the leadership of the next administration is here with us. So, we should not take anything for granted. “For our Permanent Secretaries and political office holders, it still remains soldier go, soldier come but the barrack remains. How many governors have you seen their backs? You will see the back of this government too. But your commitment to the success of this administration must not waiver. “But we are making a pact with you that the current administration will empower you. We will give you those responsibilities. We will give you the authority to carry them out but we demand from you accountability. I know that the pertinent question that is probably agitating your mind right now is that, will the system be fair to you? I make bold to say that, under my watch, absolutely. “So, my appeal to everybody is, come with me, let us create a new prosperous Oyo State together and God will help us,” Makinde said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!