Airline distribution solution provider, Sabre Network West Africa, has commenced its Master in Business Administration (MBA) partnership programme with the College of Postgraduate Studies, Babcock University, Ilishan-Remo, Ogun State, in Airline and Travels Management, two years after signing a Memorandum of Understanding. The 2019/2020 session which stated on September 8, 2019, has made Babcock the first university in Nigeria to offer such a course in aviation. The programme is expected to run for 18 months. Students who enrol for the programme will be trained on Managerial Economics, Organisation Behaviour, Management Theory, Aviation Safety and Security, Essential of Airline Training and Technology, Fundamentals of Airline Operations, amongst others. The president, Sabre Network, West Africa, Dr Gbenga Olowo, said the MBA programme is open to all holders of the first degree certificate in any discipline across the world. Dana Air takes delivery of first Boeing 737 aircraft IATA emphasises importance of Chicago Convention NCAA optimistic about airlines meeting financial commitment BTM unveils new travel management brand 2023: Grand plot by Presidency powerful clique for North to retain power uncovered Olowo also gave an assurance that the programme would be of great benefit to Nigeria’s aviation industry even as he explained that the company chose Babcock because of its integrity and willingness to work with the organisation. “We are expecting as many people as possible. In fact, we are thinking of 180 million Nigerians. Luckily, there is no university in Nigeria or on the continent that runs this programme. So, we are pioneering his programme,” Olowo said. MBA Programme with professional certification in Airline and Travel Management, 2019/2020 Academic Session. “Nigeria has placed a huge emphasis on pilots and engineers training which constitutes its major cost. Hopefully, the economic health of our airlines will improve with the influx of would-be graduates into the industry,” Olowo added. Sabre has been desirous in filling the gross manpower shortage especially in commercial aviation where AIRLINE WEALTH is generated. The failures in this sector in Nigeria has been, regrettably, due to an aging work-force and a very poor knowledge of Airline Economics. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!