The Presidency on Wednesday dismissed the social media furore over a video suggesting an out of sync remark made during an event on Climate Action Summit 2019 at United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) in New York. A statement emanating from the Presidency media office, observed since the President participated alongside other world leaders at the United Nations Climate Action Summit 2019 on Monday, it had “seen conversations on Twitter doing what Twitter allows many people to spend a lot of their time on: getting things horribly wrong and/or focusing on the wrong things, while completely missing the real/meaningful/actual message.” The statement explained: “The Climate Action Summit was convened by UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, to provide an opportunity for world leaders to, ‘come to New York on 23 September with concrete, realistic plans to enhance their nationally determined contributions by 2020, in line with reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 45 per cent over the next decade, and to net zero emissions by 2050.’” ALSO READ: N1trn debt: Reps query Acting NDDC MD, summon Alaibe, Ekere, others It added: “So, note that the goal of the panel was to elicit ‘announcements’ from the panellists on behalf of their respective countries: Fiji, Nigeria, Netherlands, the Bank of England, etc. In other words, panellists were billed to deliver remarks announcing their country/organisation plans to build a resilient, climate-sensitive future. “To address the theme of the event, President Buhari chose to deliver prepared remarks. “And the moderator’s question, was, in keeping with the theme: ‘President Buhari, Nigeria has a very young population; perhaps you might highlight what a pathway for a resilient future looks like?’ “The President did exactly that, in his prepared remarks, over the next few minutes, highlighting what a “resilient future” will look like in Nigeria — by focusing on the administration’s policies (the ones already being implemented, like the Green Bonds, and the ones set for implementation, like the new tree-planting campaign, and the energy mix target). “His prepared remarks were wholly in alignment with the theme of the Panel event, and the question he was asked. “Keep in mind that as panels often work, the moderator’s question was meant to invite/usher him to take the stage, and share his remarks. As a panellist, it was up to him to choose to respond extempore, or to go the ‘prepared remarks way.’ Man hacked to death over alleged eyeing of married woman in… More than 1,100 protesters arrested after demonstration in… Bouteflika’s brother sentenced to 15 years in prison N1trn debt: Reps query Acting NDDC MD, summon Alaibe, Ekere,… “He chose the prepared remarks way. And most importantly, he touched on the issues re mainstreaming climate action for the future and for the young people of Nigeria. “The only story here, for all serious-minded people, is what he said, and what it means for the future and for the young people of Nigeria. His remarks read in parts: “‘I share the sentiment expressed by the Secretary-General that the world is on the verge of climate catastrophe. Undeniably, Climate Change is a human-induced phenomenon. “In the water sector, Nigeria will issue a Green Bond for irrigation and construct multi-purpose dams for power, irrigation and water supply. We will strengthen solid and liquid waste management systems to attract more private sector investors. “We will mobilize Nigerian youths towards planting 25 million trees to enhance Nigeria’s carbon sink. “Specifically, Nigeria is progressively working to realize 30 percent energy efficiency and renewable energy mix by 2030. “Furthermore, the Federal Government has commenced the implementation of the Hydrocarbon Pollution Remediation Programme in Ogoniland, to recover the carbon sink potential of the mangrove ecosystem of the one thousand square kilometres (1,000 KM2) polluted site in the affected area. “Finally, permit me to add that the forty million citizens in the Lake Chad area expect this Summit to take into consideration their concerns. They anticipate that the outcomes of this meeting would include solutions to address the Climate Change impact in the Lake Chad area.” We believe that the important things for young people of Nigeria to do now should be around holding the government to account on these ‘announcement’ and promises, and ensuring they are fulfilled and delivered in a timely manner.” The statement observed: “One of the most exciting should be the tree-planting campaign. Ethiopia recently set a world record on that account — perhaps Nigeria’s young people might even be able to pressure the Government into scaling up the ambitions of our own planned tree-planting campaign. “Therefore the online hysteria is completely unnecessary.” Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/