THE Presidency has debunked an online media report claiming that President Muhammadu Buhari, has directed Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, to seek approvals for agencies under him. Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media & Publicity, Office of the Vice President, Mr Laolu Akande in a statement on Tuesday said the report suggests, falsely, that agencies under the supervision of the Vice President do not normally comply with established rules where presidential approvals are required. Akande said this was obviously misleading and aimed only to plant seeds of discord in the Presidency, while attempting to create unnecessary national hysteria. He added that the agencies in question were established by law and the Vice President has always insisted on due compliance with the enabling statutes and other established regulations. “Depending on the particular scope of activity in question, agencies may require management approval only, at the level of the Director-General or Chief Executive Officer. In this category falls the great majority of their day-to-day activities,” he said. He said: “However, other activities, or procurements, with value exceeding a certain threshold, require Board approval. These may get to the agency Board chaired by the Vice President. In a few cases where Presidential approval is required, the Director-General must seek such approval from the President, through the Vice President. “These rules have always guided the activities of statutory agencies and the ones under the Vice President’s supervision have always been so guided. Nigeria’s Bande presides over first UN General Assembly Kenya to host inaugural Africa Food Show in 2020 Four masked men kill PDP chieftain in Delta FG moves to stop oil and gas workers’ salaries over… “To claim that in the first term of the Buhari administration, agencies of government have not been complying with the provisions (of getting final approvals from the President) is false, and the attempt to suggest the Vice President’s complicity in such irregularities is simply mischievous and reprehensible. I am not ready to work with yes-men ― Ogun gov “The effective and mutually respecting relationship between the President and the Vice President is well known to Nigerians and it is futile to insinuate otherwise. “Even though the Vice President has a statutory role as Board Chairman of some government agencies under his office, with appropriate approval limits, which often do not include contract approvals; it is ludicrous to even insinuate that a Board Chairman approves contracts. “Evidently, the Federal Executive Council, which oversees Federal Ministries and agencies of government, is chaired by the President, and it is in its purview to approve or ratify award of contracts within the prescribed threshold. “The Vice President remains committed to the service of his fatherland and will continue to do so despite the purveyors of fake news. “We urge media organizations, as gatekeepers, to uphold truth, balance, fairness and objectivity in their reports,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!