THE Magistrates Court sitting in Akure, the Ondo State capital on Tuesday, ordered the remand of a woman, Mrs Elizabeth Akinola, who allegedly beat her four-year-old daughter, Testimony, to death. Testimony was rushed to the State Hospital in Akure after being tortured by her parents alleging the little girl of possessing evil spirits. Testimony was, however, confirmed dead by the doctors at the hospital after examining her while her mother fled with the corpse immediately her daughter was confirmed dead. The Police had been searching for the mother of the baby and her husband who was said to have fled to an unknown destination. The Court ordered the remand of the 37-year-old mother who was arraigned on a two-count charge bordering on murder and physical assault of her deceased daughter, to prison custody. ALSO READ:  New Lebanese wife of Gov Muhammed arrives Bauchi Two men docked over alleged theft of N4.3m goods Car dealer in court over alleged N1.5m vehicle theft Court sentences housekeeper, 5 others for stealing… Police arrest Eket man for allegedly burning son to death The Police Prosecutor, Sergeant Abdul-Lateef Sulaiman, told the court that the accused committed crime which is contrary to and punishable under section 357 of the criminal code cap 37 vol.1, Laws of the Ondo state of Nigeria 2006. The Police Prosecutor who file a seven paragraph motion prayers the court to remand the accused in prison custody in order to allow the office of the Director of Public Prosecution, DPP to study the case. Counsel to the accused, Isreal Balogun opposed the Prosecutor’s application, praying the court to give his team more time to file a counter-affidavit, saying he was served within a short period The Presiding Judge, Victoria Bob-Manuel, however, rejected the plea of the defence counsel, ordered the remand of Akinola in prison custody pending the outcome of advice from the office of the Director of Public Prosecution, DPP. The case was subsequently adjourned to October 9, 2019. The accused alongside her husband, Felix Babalola who is currently on the run were alleged to have beaten to death their daughter, Testimony at Iro Street, Akure on August 2019, over alleged deliverance from demonic spirits. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...