LG Electronics (LG) is bringing voice recognition to customers via its ThinQ (formerly SmartThinQ™) mobile app, giving users maximum convenience to connect to their LG ThinQ appliances from anywhere at any time. A statement from the company stated that the first mobile application for smart home appliance management to support English leverages the Google Assistant’s voice recognition technology to manage all Wi-Fi enabled LG appliances, including washing machines, dryers, refrigerators, ovens, dishwashers, vacuum cleaners, air conditioners, air purifiers and more. “Users will enjoy the incredible ease of controlling and monitoring their appliances via conversational voice commands via the ThinQ app. For the ultimate in smart home convenience, the app provides real-time status updates for all connected LG devices with just one command. Users can verbally ask the ThinQ app to check the time remaining on the washer machine cycle from the office or adjust the temperature of the air conditioner while driving home without having to stop what they’re doing to look at their phones. Digital firm, Wild Fusion, named by US-based research agency… 6-year old Nigerian 2emerges Africa’s youngest microsoft… NCC vows to protect telecoms subsribers against cybercrimes A Brief History of Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency ALSO READ: Fidson shareholders approve 15kobo/share dividend “The ThinQ app provides helpful information on product features and functions and alerts the user with suggestions for maintenance and troubleshooting problems. Ask “How does the air purifier auto function work?” or “What does the yellow light on the refrigerator mean?” and receive a prompt reply right in the app. The ThinQ app cannot only offer answers for most of the common questions related to product usage, but it can also generate a summary of recent usage activity and deliver useful home living tips,” said Alice Ryu, head of LG Home Appliance & Air Solution Company’s smart home business. “Creating a smart home experience that actually makes our customers’ lives measurably more convenient is what drives us daily,” said Alice Ryu, head of LG Home Appliance & Air Solution Company’s smart home business. “With the voice-capable mobile app, we have created the ultimate smart home ecosystem that puts convenience first,” Ryu added. The enhanced ThinQ app is available starting in Korea last month followed by North America in the fourth quarter and key markets of Europe and Africa next year. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/