In a move to start on a clean slate, the All Progressives Congress (APC) National  Working Committee on Friday appointed a 5-member executive caretaker committee for the Rivers State chapter of the party. Tribune Online findings revealed that the party was precluded from fielding candidates in Rivers State in the last general elections by a pronouncement of the Supreme Court. The apex court in a unanimous judgment delivered by Justice Sidi Barge upheld the order of a Federal High Court, Port Harcourt, nullifying the All Progressives Congress primaries in Rivers State. The trial court had held that the primaries were held in disobedience to a court judgement delivered by Justice Chiwendu Nworgu, barring the party from conducting congresses,  pending the determination of a suit filed by 22 aggrieved members of the party. Xenophobic attacks: Malami makes case for overhauling of… Residents groan as flood disrupts commercial in Warri,… Osun govt tackles Makinde over comments on LAUTECH Kogi, Bayelsa polls: PDP presents certificate of return to… Further findings revealed that a judgement of the Court of Appeal had earlier struck out the APC Rivers State chapter appeal and upheld the judgment of Justice Chiwendu Nworgu of the Rivers State High Court, which earlier voided the APC Congresses in the State. ALSO READ: Osun govt tackles Makinde over comments on LAUTECH The APC national working committee in a statement on Friday announced Barrister Isaac Abott Ogbobula as chairman of the Committee with Mr Baridon Badom as Secretary. Other members are Mr Friday Kinika Owhor, Mrs Beatrice Amobi and Prince Abolo Stephen. According to the statement signed by its national publicity secretary, Mallam Lanre Isa-Onilu, the APC NWC  also approved the schedule of activities/timetable for the conduct of ward, local government and state congresses in Rivers to commence with Ward Congresses on Tuesday,  17th September, 2019 while the process would be concluded with a State Congress to hold on Saturday 28th September. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...