Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has commiserated with Tinubu family of Lagos over the death of its scion, Alhaji Rafiu Babatunde Tinubu. Alhaji Tinubu, who was former Head of Service (HoS) in Lagos, passed away on Wednesday morning in Abuja after a brief illness. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Mr Gboyega Akosile, described the passing of Tinubu as a huge loss to the state and the nation in general. Sanwo-Olu sympathised with Tinubu family, the deceased’s friends and associates, saying the death of former HoS came at a time the nation and Lagos, in particular, needed his wealth of experience the most. ALSO READ: I’m committed to transformation of Oyo ― Makinde Xenophobia: South Africa closes embassy in Nigeria after… Drama, as APC NWC constitutes Appeal Committees for Kogi,… Flood: 6 dead, several houses, valuables destroyed in… Kogi/Bayelsa Guber: Stick to our deadlines on submission of… “Alhaji Tinubu’s demise came at a time the nation and Lagos, in particular, needed his wealth of experience the most. “As experienced administrator per excellence, we certainly will miss the late Alhaji Tinubu’s counsel on matters of importance in the state civil service,” the governor said. According to Governor Sanwo-Olu, Lagosians would always remember the “laudable achievements” of the former top civil servant, who, he said, served the state meritoriously for 26 years before he rose to become the Head of Service. “We can’t forget the contributions of late Alhaji Rafiu Tinubu towards the professionalisation of Lagos civil service. His quest for excellence and exemplary leadership were the hallmark of his earthly sojourn. “We condole the Tinubu family, especially our National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, wife and children of the deceased and the entire extended families of the late elder statesman. I pray that Almighty Allah grants the late Alhaji Rafiu Tinubu Al-Janah Firdaus and grant members of the family the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss,” Sanwo-Olu said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...