The recent rate at which Nigerians in Diaspora are convicted of various criminal acts is extremely disheartening and overwhelmingly outrageous. With no iota of doubt, it is causing big disrepute to the image of the country and its citizens as well as denting the integrity of Nigeria amongst its counterparts in the world. Just a few days ago, Nigerians woke up to receive the shocking news of the 80 Nigerians that were investigated and convicted by the United States government. These men were precisely found guilty of fraudulently acquiring a total amount of money worth $46million from organizations, people, and business firms. In fact, one of them was reported to have through this scam means, duped a Japanese woman of her hard-earned money worth about $200,000 which almost made her run bankrupt. This recent case is believed by the US government to be the largest case of its kind in the history of the country. It would also be recalled that few days before this indictment news, another famous Nigerian youth and entrepreneur, Obinwanne Okeke AKA Invictus Obi was equally investigated and tracked down by the FBI in the United States on the same laundering scandal. ALSO READ: Oyintiloye lauds election tribunal judgment, commends Oyetola, others for support There are also other numerous cases of criminal acts perpetrated by Nigerians in other countries of the world, which have left these countries with no other option than to prosecute these offenders in various ways without any hesitation. If we are not quick to forget, just early this year, reports were all over the dailies about 5 Nigerians who were arrested and convicted by the United Arab Emirate’s authority for robbing a Bureau de Change operator of DH2.3million (₦225,4million) in Sharjai, Dubai. The suspects were identified as Chimunaya Emmanuel Ozoh, Benjamin Nwachukwu Ajah, Kingsley Ikenna Ngoka, Tochukwu Leonard and Chile Micah Ndunagu. However, there have been diverse reactions by Nigerians on the various social media platforms over this issue incessant money laundering scandal and other evils perpetrated by Nigerians overseas in recent years till date. The most famous of them all the argument on whether the major set of folks who are usually found guilty of these crimes are majorly from the southeastern part of Nigeria popularly called the Igbos. Of Fowler and presidency’s query FG, ban heat-not-burn tobacco, e-cigarettes now First 100 days of Tinubu as gov is my most challenging… Group backs SouthEast Govs, warns against plot to install… Although, undisputedly, a critical examination of the 80-man fraud list shows that about 80percent of the convicted persons are from this part of Nigeria. Coincidentally, the young indicted Nigerian entrepreneur that was convicted also hails from that tribe. Some of these reacting Nigerians on the social media were even quoted as saying “the Igbo people right from time have been known to be attached to any activity that has to do with money embezzlement”, giving various examples of previous occurrences. However, this should not be our point of focus as Nigerians. Instead, the question that should keep ringing in the mind of a logical Nigerian is “are the Igbos not part of Nigeria, do they not also belong to the system also”? Most consequently, these Nigerians have failed to know that if any drastic action has to be taken by these countries, the stereotyped set of people wouldn’t just be the affected ones, rather it would be an injury to all. After all, there are countless notable Igbo folks home and abroad who are equally making the country proud and putting the nation’s name on a good list among the comity of nations. People like Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie is a prolific and award-winning writer who has through her writing ability and career touched lives and served as a role model to upcoming educationists like her. Chinwetel Ejiokor is also a Nigerian American actor who has starred in so many top world-class movies, to mention but a few. This shouldn’t be a time to fault anyone or point an accusing finger to anyone or ethnic group as this may perhaps increase the level of hatred each tribe has for each other. It is high time Nigerians admitted that our “people” are the ones causing disrepute to the nation’s reputation regardless of their tribes and ethnic groups and work towards rebuilding it for the good of the country and ourselves. Let us stop the blame game and put all hands on deck to help the various anti-corruption agencies fight every form of financial indiscipline and fraudulent acts right here in our home to avoid rubbing our white garments in the mud. An injury to one is an injury to all. Oyewole Olaide is a member, NYSC, Sokoto State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...