The leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mr Nnamdi Kanu has expressed plans to lead other members of the group to the United Nations(UN) General Assembly, which holds in New York, United States of America. A press release by the media and publicity secretary of IPOB, Mr Emma Powerful, which was made available to newsmen yesterday, in Awka, Anambra State on Monday, stated that though IPOB has sent direct and indirect delegates to the conference, chances are that Kanu may still attend the meeting himself. Part of the release read, “Regarding the United Nations General Assembly meeting in New York, we have both direct and indirect representations for the forthcoming events in the US. Our people are on the ground. “If the right conditions which we are waiting for are put in place, our leader will personally lead our people, otherwise it would be on a later date which would be duly announced.” The group recalled that Kanu during his last outing with the UN in Geneva had in a meeting with UN diplomats gave some conditions that if met will allow him attend the meeting physically. Powerful while further events on the recent meeting with UN officials in Geneva, said, “Our exchanges were frank and forthright. If there were doubts before in their minds that Nigeria is one almighty calamity, the feeling we got after our discussions is that they now have a proper appreciation and deeper understanding of how irredeemably hopeless the case for one Nigeria has become in light of the reign of impunity, poverty, repression, unbridled corruption and collapse of the legal system. Buhari unfolds plans to reverse climate change in Nigeria N90bn election fund: Your allegations against Osinbajo are… Lagos-Ibadan rail: Amaechi berates CCECC for slow pace of… How FG policy on diversification can work ―Oyetola ALSO READ: Buhari congratulates Aare Afe on AU award “We understand and respect the legitimate yearning of the public to know what transpired between IPOB delegation to the United Nations in Geneva led by our able leader and prophet Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and the staff of the various agencies of the UN we met and had fruitful discussions with. “Without divulging very sensitive details that may undermine confidence and future discussions such as the one we just had, it will be prudent to say at this time that the meetings went very well and in some instances surpassed our expectations. “Our case is now before the various specialized UN agencies or working groups with specialty in various specific monumental human rights abuses systematically perpetrated against Biafrans and other vulnerable individuals and groups in Nigeria. “Our trip to the United States is something the leadership of our movement is looking forward to with relish. Our approach will be better termed as a form of diplomatic strangulation of Nigeria. “Regardless of the vast resources available to Nigeria, IPOB will at the end, render Nigeria diplomatically irrelevant. They will empty their treasury and become impoverished in their effort to counter IPOB which will end in the bankruptcy and precipitous collapse of Nigeria. It would be recalled that Nigeria’s president, Muhammadu Buhari had earlier yesterday departed Abuja, the capital of the country for New York, ahead of the meeting. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!