To commemorate the 40th anniversary of their enrolment at the Queen’s School Ibadan (QSI) Apata, the 1979-1984 set of Queen School Old Girls Association (QSOGA) has expended about N8.5 million to renovate the school’s dormitory. Speaking at the unveiling and presentation ceremony recently, the captain of the set cum coordinator, MrsTolu Fasuranti (nee Tolu Kushanu), popularly known as ‘Tolu-Kush’, noted that the quest to give back to the Alma mater started some year ago when members linked up through different social media platforms and decided to organise a reunion. She said: “Rather than just get together to reminisce and have fun, we thought that it would be most appropriate to organise a remarkable reunion coupled with taking up a major project in the school as our contribution to the alma mater, 40 years after. “Having visited the school, renovation of the dormitory was discovered to be the most popular project, and we decided that it must be done before the girls resume from the three months vacation. We charged ourselves, and to the glory of God, we were able to renovate and refurbish the entire property inside out with state-of-the-art materials.” She thanked every member of the set for their cooperation and contributions towards the success of the project, praying that God would make the benefactors, as they pass through the school to be more relevant and impactful in their families and the society at large, even as they also return to contribute their quota to the development of the school. Bauchi: Group, Danjuma Foundation build community school 2019 UTME: Over 100,000 candidates now in universities ―… Corps member organises symposium, gender talk to assist… Oyo returns 34 per cent out-of-school children to classrooms The Zonal Inspector of Education (ZIE), Ibadan, Mrs OlanikeMobolaji, in her address noted the unflinching support of the old girls in restoring the lost glory of the school. ALSO READ: TheWorkPlace Magazine debuts October 1 She commended and appreciated the 1984 set, saying “this is a welcome idea; you are partnering with the government by contributing your quota to the development of your alma mater.” Speaking at the event, the national vice president, QSOGA, Mrs Nana Bazuaye, thanked the 1984 set for the gesture and charged other sets of the school to take the cue and give back to the institution that made them. The principal of the school Mrs Bamidele Oyinloye congratulated the old girls for the beautiful edifice they had brought out of the dilapidated dormitory, saying “the dormitory was in a deplorable state and extremely critical condition before you came to our rescue.” She assured that the building would be put to proper use and maintenance. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.