Nigerian youths have finally risen in unison to collectively disown one Idris Ogunleye popularly known as Bobrisky and people of his ilk, who according to them represent a high level of moral decadence. Thousands of Nigerian youths under the auspices of the National Youths Council of Nigeria staged a mass protest in Abuja on Wednesday, adding their voices to such groups as the Women Society, Christian Association of Nigeria and others who have officially taken a stand against Bobrisky and his activities. The protest match featured youths from all works of life coordinated by the Youth Council following a consistent campaign by the National Council for Arts and Culture to address the issue of public nudity, homosexual practices and other related activities that offend the Constitution and cultural values of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The youths advanced from the NYCN secretariat to major landmarks in the FCT like the National Assembly, Force Headquarters and NCAC Hq parading inscriptions and placards all condemning the negative culture promoted by Bobrisky and his cohorts. ALSO READ: Kogi poll: APC lauds commissioner over donation Assembling at the NCAC office the Director-General, Otunba Segun Runsewe seized the opportunity to address the protesters commending them for taking a stand against the vices promoted by Bobrisky. Yemi-Esan assumes duty as Acting Head of Service PDP: House Minority leader tears BoT apart Confluence Rice Mill: Attestation of Gov Bello’s desired… Free Sowore protest hits Nigerian Mission in New York Runsewe said Nigeria’s respected cultural values must not be eroded by unguided people like Bobrisky saying his council is working to redirect the negative trend Earlier, the Vice President, North Central, NYCN, Amb. Comrade Mukhtar described the LGBT as ungodly, unhealthy and disgusting, noting that what Bobrisky and his likes are promoting is completely against the country’s moral, cultural and spiritual values. “Consequently, NYCN today, 18th September 2019 declare Bobrisky as persona non grata, as he is a man(not a woman). Foot national interest, we call on the ever-conscious, ever ready, combatant Nigeria youths and comrades of like minds to without fear or favour kick out Bobrisky and his likes wherever they come across them. “Nigeria is not a place for LGBT and we shall fight this to the end,” they said. The NYCN called on the Inspector-General of Police and the Director-General of the Department of State Service (DSS) to use their good offices and their men to stop the likes of Bobrisky from rubbishing the country’s pride and image. Recall that the NCAC DG, Otunba Runsewe has in recent times stepped forward to vehemently kick against what he described as “cultural abomination”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!