Yoruba leaders from all walks of life would on Monday converge on Ibadan, Oyo State capital, for a public lecture to mark the 126th anniversary of Kiriji War, the civil war that engulfed Yoruba land from 1877 to 1893. The event with the theme: “Yoruba: Today, Yesterday and Tomorrow,” is organised by the Yoruba Heritage, a social-cultural group and will take place at the House of Chiefs in the ancient city by 10am. The secretary of the planning committee of the programme and director of Centre for International Advanced and Professional Studies (CIAPS), Prof Anthony Kila, made this known in a press release, saying the event would serve as a moment of reflection and connection over the state of the Yoruba people, culture and lands for not only the leaders and academia from the region but also for captains of industry, security personnel, traditional, political and spiritual leaders in the country. ALSO READ: British High Commissioner endorses Ooni entrepreneurship initiative for youths Polaris Bank commits to climate action, sustainability Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Dignitaries honour Kashamu at mother’s funeral Nigerian youths must engage in vocational skills ― Digital… The event, according to him, would be chaired by renowned historian, Prof Bolanle Awe and Keynote lecture to be delivered by Prof Banji Akintoye, the newly-elected Yoruba leader. Prof Kila named among others, Dr Kunle Olajide, Ambassador (Dr) Adetokunbo Awolowo-Dosunmu, Prof Jide Osuntokun and Chief Segun Odegbami as discussants at the forum. He added that both the current and past governors from the southwest zone of the country are expected to participate at the forum. He, however, noted that Kiriji War, which lasted about 16 years, is one of the longest civil war in history SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!