South Africa’s President Cyril Ramaphosa has condemned “acts of wanton violence” against foreigners as crowds of people plundered shops and set fire to buildings for the second day in the country’s commercial capital, Johannesburg. Police fired rubber bullets and arrested seven people in the township of Alexandra on Tuesday morning, a day after clashing with looters who local media said targeted foreign-owned businesses in several parts of the city. “I’m convening the ministers in the security cluster today to make sure that we keep a close eye on these acts of wanton violence and find ways of stopping them,” he said in a post on Twitter. ALSO READ: Nigerians revolt on twitter over xenophobic attacks in South Africa “There can be no justification for any South African to attack people from other countries.” Our security forces are on high alert. Whilst in no way, can we take away the sense of deep loss and unbearable pain you experience, as a country we commit ourselves to continue to work tirelessly to building the kind of South Africa, where indeed womxn and children will be safe. pic.twitter.com/ZoQSziiuPM — Cyril Ramaphosa  (@CyrilRamaphosa) September 3, 2019 I condemn the violence that has been spreading around a number of our provinces in the strongest terms. I’m convening the ministers in the security cluster today to make sure that we keep a close eye on these acts of wanton violence and find ways of stopping them. We express our deep pain, support, solidarity and love to the families, friends and loved ones of all those who have lost their lives in the last month (Uyinene Mrwetyana, Leighandre Jegels, Nolunde Vumsindo, Meghan Cremer, Jesse Hess to mention but a few). pic.twitter.com/PkWfO1NoYD — Cyril Ramaphosa  (@CyrilRamaphosa) September 3, 2019 Oyo contractor promises January to deliver 10,000 metric… Nigerians call for economic boycott of South Africa… Ebonyi govt offers rent-free shops to traders at … Buhari pledges closer cooperation with Ukraine  The people of our country want to live in harmony; whatever concerns or grievances we may have, we need to handle them in a democratic way. There can be no justification for any South African to attack people from other countries. Rocks, bricks and rubber bullets strewed the empty streets of Alexandra on Tuesday, and Al Jazeera reporters at the scene saw police firing rubber bullets at a crowd of 50 people who were hurling rocks. About two dozen shops, owned by both foreigners and locals, were vandalised or looted. “They burnt everything,” Bangladeshi shopowner Kamrul Hasan told AFP news agency in Alexandra, adding that his shop gets attacked every three to six months. “All my money is gone. If the [South African] government pays for my plane ticket, I will go back to Bangladesh,” the 27-year-old said. Lungelo Dlamini, a spokesman for the police, said the motive behind Tuesday’s riots was not clear. “They are just criminals who are looting and taking advantage of the situation,” he told Al Jazeera. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...