Heaps of refuse and dirt’s have taken over the Wharf road, the major access road leading into the Apapa ports in Lagos, stretching from Airways bus-stop to Burma road junction along the ports access road. When Tribune Online passed through the Wharf road on Thursday, it was observed that the heaps of refuse were already spilling onto the road, making vehicular movement strenuous and difficult. According to some port workers who have offices around the Apapa ports, the fact that food vendors sell their food items besides these heaps of refuse makes it dangerous for the unsuspecting public. ALSO READ: Why we desperately struggle to access the ports —Truckers According to Anozie Linus, “The refuse has been here for days now, and food vendors are busy selling food beside the refuse. “If you go to Burma road junction, you will see a lot of food vendors scattered around the refuse, and people still eat from these spots even with the stench coming from those heaps of refuse. It is highly dangerous for the health of the unsuspecting public, and whoever is in charge of refuse management in Apapa needs to come and clear the refuse now before something bad occurs to people’s health around here.” Also speaking to the Nigerian Tribune, a clearing agent, Badmus Toriola wondered how the entrance into the busiest ports in Lagos could be left in such state. In his words, “We have never had it this bad in Apapa. From Airways bus-stop to Burma junction along Wharf road, the stench is killing. To think that the Federal Government make so much from these port and its access road is in such shape is disheartening. When we complain at the Apapa Local Government, their officials tell us that there are so many government agencies situated along the port entrance, that they (Government agencies) should be able to clear the refuse. “We don’t even know who is in charge of refuse clearance in Apapa.” When Nigerian Tribune visited the Apapa Local Government for clarifications, our Reporter was told by one of the security personnel manning the gates to come back next week as the Chairman and his executives are not available today (Thursday). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...