Sokoto State Governor, Rt Hon Aminu Tambuwal has explained that the six Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP) governors were on a solidarity visit to the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike and to commend him for his sustained projects delivery. Tambuwal said the governors urged their colleague to continue to deliver quality projects and sustain good governance for the development of Rivers State. This is contained in a statement signed by Simeon Nwakaudu, Special Adviser to the Rivers State governor on electronic media, and made available to journalists. The statement further said that Tambuwal also declared that PDP remains strongly united in friendship and brotherhood. According to the statement, “he spoke on Friday night at the Government House Port Harcourt after a meeting.” The meeting had in attendance: Adamawa State Governor, Umaru Fintiri, Imo State Governor, Emeka Ihedioha and Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde. Tribunal nullifies PDP lawmaker’s election in Oyo,… Tribunal dismisses three petitions, affirms Ihedioha’s… We’ll make Nigeria’s GDP largest in Sub-Saharan… Fire guts WHO storage facility in Osogbo ALSO READ: Food Security: House of Reps member canvasses investment in agriculture Others include Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State as well as Zamfara State Governor, Mohammed Mattawale. He said: “We are here as brothers and friends to the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike in the spirit of brotherhood and friendship. To encourage and support him for the good governance he has given to the good people of Rivers State. “The 100 days of the second term of Governor Wike is also why we are here. The spirit in Port Harcourt and Rivers State is that of celebration and thanksgiving and gratitude to God for such a wonderful leadership by Governor Wike. “We are also here to join him and the good people of Rivers State in thanking God for his leadership and to thank God for giving the state a wonderful leader like him. “Our party, The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP ) is very strongly united,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!