The Association of Resident Doctors (ARD) of the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital (OOUTH), Sagamu, Ogun State, has called off it indefinite strike action. The association in a statement made available by its General Secretary, Dr Oluwafemi Ajose, informing its members of the suspension of the strike indefinitely, said the association’s action was in honour of Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State. It will be recalled that the association began an indefinite strike on Monday, September 2, 2019 as a result of what it called “a progressive decline in work force without replacements.” Ajose in the release said, the ARD, before suspending the strike, had an emergency general meeting on Monday, September 9, 2019, and resolved to suspend the indefinite strike, adding that, the suspension of the industrial action “is to honor the Governor for his approval of the immediate employment of resident doctors and other health workers in the teaching hospital. WHO gives Yobe govt support on disease surveillance AIDS: UNAIDS releases Nigeria’s rating of vision 90:90:90… Gov election: APC presents Yahaya Bello to INEC as… Don’t move your cattle along South-East, Ohanaeze… The release states: “We expect the Hospital Management to complete the recruitment process within four weeks, going by the spirit of ‘immediate’ in the governor’s pronouncement. The Congress of the ARD, OOUTH appreciates the kind gestures of his Excellency towards the teaching hospital and other healthcare facilities in the state. “We appreciate also the administrative panel set up by the Governor to look into the issues affecting the growth of the Teaching Hospital. “We want to assure the Hospital Management, the State Government and members of the public that we shall not relent in the discharge of our duties and our agitations for an international standard health care system and delivery in Ogun State.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.