Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo state, on Monday, tasked the police to always be guided in its policing activities by the need to keep the nation one. Makinde, represented by his deputy, Mr Rauf Olaniyan, gave this charge when 68 squadron commanders on the combat training course at Ila-Orangun paid him a courtesy visit at governor’s office. Stressing that the police must strive for professionalism in its policing of the country, he tasked the police to continuously optimise their training to cushion the nation’s security challenges. ALSO READ: Benue/Ebonyi boundary dispute: Osinbajo meets Ortom, Umahi at Presidential Villa He lamented that the nation faces several security challenges ranging from armed robbery to kidnapping, Boko Haram, terrorism, ethnic clashes, herdsmen/farmers clashes. Nigeria@59: Fintiri pardons 18 prisoners to mark… Independence: Ondo govt commutes seven death sentence to… Nigeria@59: Gbajabiamila tasks Nigerians on unity, prayers… Army needs spiritual help to defeat Boko Haram ― Buratai While appreciating the decision of the police to set up another mobile unit on the Oyo/Osun axis, Makinde assured of the commitment of the state government to engendering a secure state for the citizenry. State Commissioner of Police, Shina Olukolu, who accompanied the squadron commanders, avowed that the retraining will enable police officers to be better equipped with combat techniques. Leader of the visiting “punching squad”, ACP Livingstone Orutugu noted that police officers, with the training, were being empowered to combat violent crimes and attack crisis. Describing the police mobile force as the striking arm of the police, Orutugu said the squadron commanders were assessing the peculiar security challenges of each state of the country with a view to attacking them in a specific manner. While noting that the squadron commanders were proceeding to Jos, Plateau state, for the next phase of their training, Orutugu expressed confidence that its recommendations will be implemented by the Force headquarters to address the various security challenges facing the nation. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.