About 500 beneficiaries are expected to benefit from a week-long free medical and surgical interventions being funded by the Kwara state government in collaboration with some local and foreign medical associations. In a statement by the special adviser to the governor on Health Matters, Professor Wale Sulaiman in Ilorin on Monday, the interventions, which would involve procedures such as cataract, glaucoma, hernia, and neurosurgery, among others, are in partnership with the Kwara State Association of Nigeria USA, Sakinah Medical Outreach, and the Kwara State chapter of the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA). Professor Sulaiman, who said that the Ilorin General Hospital would take care of residents of Ilorin, the state capital, he added that general hospitals in Offa, Kaiama, Lafiagi would cater for residents in other parts of the state. Slated to hold between September 23 and 27, 2019, the surgical interventions are a follow up to the statewide medical mission during which doctors attended to over 2500 patients suffering from various ailments and offered medical advice and the ongoing medical screenings across most of the general hospitals in the state. ALSO READ:  Suspected armed robber killed in Bauchi Chevron to build N200m Mother, Child Hospital in Ondo Beware of toxic ingredients in cosmetics, personal care… ‘We have problem with family planning budget in Nigeria’ Why 57.4 per cent of children’s brain in Oyo is compromised “These interventions are a part of Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq’s agenda to ensure good healthcare for the people. The governor had graciously released the sums of N26.9m for the interventions, covering the medical missions conducted across the state a few weeks ago and the cost of purchasing the equipment to prepare the hospital for these procedures in line with global best practices “The exercise is in partnership with the KSANG, Sakinah and the Kwara State chapter of the NMA which brought US and Nigeria-based medical experts for the mission.” Prof Sulaiman said the patients for the surgery had been generated from the medical missions to the three senatorial districts. The surgeries come a week after the administration held some preliminary Hepatitis and anti-polio Campaign in Lafiagi ahead of a full-blown statewide effort to stamp out hepatitis following fears that the virus is fast spreading in the state. The first leg of the campaign was held at the College of Education (CoE) Lafiagi, while similar exercise would hold at the CoE, Oro, and another one at the Kwara State Polytechnic Ilorin. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!