About 7000 rural dwellers in Anambra state have accessed the ongoing Free Medical services, by the Johnbosco Onunkwo Foundation, a non-profitable organisation based in USA and Nigeria. This was disclosed by the consultant physician and managing director of the Foundation, Dr Ejike Ibeanusi as the Foundation concludes its first phase of her free Health Care delivery for Uga community in Anambra state. According to Dr Ibeanusi, the Free medical service had commenced since 2018 across the 14 communities in Aguata Local Government Council Area. ALSO READ: Oyo govt charges Miyetti Allah to register true members The towns include Achina, Aguluezechukwu, Akpo, Amesi, Ekwulobia, Ezinifite, Igbo-Ukwu and Ikenga. Others include Umuchu, Umuona, Isuofia, Nkpologwu, Ora-Eri. The final town in the local Government – Uga, was completed on Friday and about 400 – 600 participants in each town were attended to. Basic healthcare provision fund: Poverty, population… FUOYE investigates attack on Fayemi’s wife NDLEA arrests 21 suspected drug peddlers in Taraba Brigade commander tasks NYSC members on national integration He noted that the exercise featured Health Education, donation of home kits for blood pressure and blood sugar test, free laboratory test and free out-patient consultation and drugs, as well as monthly road health walk to create awareness on the importance of Regular Exercise in curbing the negative effect of hypertension and diabetes mellitus. These two non-communicable diseases are the major health issues the foundation sets to address, as they are among the top 5 of health and economic importance in the global burden of the diseases. “Others include free eye test, free reading glasses and free cataract surgeries. Speaking in Uga, the founder and sponsor of the Free Medical Care, Engr. Johnbosco Onunkwo expressed happiness at the turn out of people in the community and others visited. He disclosed that having been touched deeply by the travails of rural dwellers in accessing quality health care services, his foundation deemed it pertinent to bring this most important sector to the doorsteps of these dwellers. According to him, “Health is wealth and It is only when one is healthy that he or she can think of what to do to earn a living. Our people die on daily basis over health issues that can ordinarily be solved if there are quality and affordable healthcare delivery services in our rural areas. “This gesture is simply borne out of love and service to humanity. We commenced this in my community Umuchu many years ago but the positive impact on the people, as well as the clamour from neighbouring towns led us to extend it to all the towns in the council area, and we equally hope to permeate other towns in the state and Nigeria as a whole. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!