OYO State pupils have finally emerged primary schools category winners at the 60th national quiz competition organised by the Science Teachers Association of Nigeria (STAN), held at Sa’adatu Rimi College of Education, Kano, Kano State. In the primary school quiz category sub-divided into oral and written tests, Oyo State representatives, Miss Busura Busari, Master Fawaz Ibrahim, Master Toluwani Adeeko and Miss Bayaky Nadia, grossed a total of 129 points to emerge winners, beating Ondo State which claimed the second position with 113 points. The pupils, chosen from Community Primary School, Ijokodo, Polytechnic Staff Primary school and Rhema Chapel International schools, Ibadan, respectively were subsequently rewarded with a trophy and N50,000 cash prize. The representatives of the state attested to how they studied hard before the competition to emerge overall winners among other students. Zamfara to reintroduce teachers’ colleges, establish pilot… Ogun assures teachers of improved welfare EKSU/AOCOED-affiliated programmes:  Ex-students capitulate,… Two years after, UI lifts ban on students’ union activities Fintiri escapes death as gunmen invade venue of PDP governorship… Commending them on behalf of the state government, the chairman, Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board, Dr. Nureni Adeniran, affirmed the present administration’s commitment to developing education in the state, promising that at the next competition, the state would clinch first in all categories. “The contest will encourage our pupils to develop keen interest and acquire skills in not just quiz, but also the field of technology,” he said. Overwhelmed by the performance of the pupils, he charged the winners to see their exploits as an opportunity for better positions in the next competition, adding that the state government would provide every necessary facility that would launch them into higher heights. He also urged other pupils to be focused and never be distracted in their aspiration. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...