Nigerian international music superstar, Wizkid, has been announced as the headline act for this year’s BBC Radio 1Xtra Live music event scheduled to hold on October 5 at Arena Birmingham. BBC announced the name of the Nigerian singer alongside other international acts such as  French Montana, Ms Banks, Aitch, and DaniLeigh. Other performing at the event include Headie One, Miraa May, Stylo G, and Lil Tecca. 1Xtra’s DJ Target says: “1Xtra Live is our flagship night where we really get to let our hair down and showcase some of the creams of artists we love and support on the network. “This year, we head to Birmingham, a city we’ve always had an amazing relationship with, and we bring another incredible line up with us. Gospel singer Eze counsels women on marriage, career Singer Teni-entertainer makes acting debut in ‘Dear Affy’ Tiwa Savage speaks with Billboard on Beyoncé’s ‘Lion King’… Nigerian Breweries to support Olojo Festival in Ile-Ife ALSO READ: Norway mosque shooting suspect appears in court with wounded face “Aitch is undoubtedly next up when it comes to UK rap and he’s going to kill it; Ms Banks has had a fierce year too and is brilliant life.” The 1Xtra Live will be broadcast live on BBC Radio 1Xtra, BBC Radio 1 and BBC Asian Network from 7pm on October 5. The feat is coming while Wizkid is still basking in the euphoria of the release of his new single ‘Ghetto Love,’ which has reportedly hit one million streams on Audiomack. The ‘Fever’ crooner is also set to storm Europe with his upcoming  Starboy Fest beginning on October 19, with the  London leg of the concert slated for the 20,000-capacity O2 Arena. The Paris leg of the fest will hold on October 18 at Les Docks Pullman and the Manchester’s show will hold on October 26 at  O2 Victoria Warehouse. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/