Bowen University students outshined their counterparts drew from various universities in the country, in the just concluded Nigerian Collegiate Programming Contest(NCPC), conducted by the National Mathematics Centre, held in Abuja recently. The outstanding performance of Bowen University team drawn from the Department of Computer Science and Information in the competition subject to demonstrate their Algorithmic Problem-solving Programming and teamwork skill, qualified them to lead three other universities’ teams which also did well in the tournament that will represent Nigeria at the Africa and Arab Collegiate Programming Championship,(ACPA) slated for November in Egypt. Three other university teams that qualified for the international competition out of 13 universities in the country that participated in the competition were; Federal University of Technology, Akure, (FUTA) which came second, followed by Babcock University in the third position and Moshood Abiola University of Technology, Abeokuta which finished fourth in the very keenly competition. Tribune Online gathered that the contest was attended and supervised by delegates from the International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC), delegates from Microsoft, representative of the National Universities Commission(NUC), members of the National Mathematical Centre, Abuja, among other experts in computer Science and Information Technology in the country The team coach for Bowen University, Olusegun Lala a lecturer in the institution stated that this year’s competition made the 8th edition of its kind in the country, adding that it is open to undergraduate students to interact with one another from diffident universities in the country to sharpen their Algorithmic problem- solving programming and teamwork Smart Adeyemi’s appointment as Bello’s campaign DG, a… Swap deal with bandits paying off ―  IGP FG, states, councils share FAAC N720.880bn CBN adds cassava derivatives to import restriction list According to him, the development will go along way to boost information technology and computer science education in the country, especially among the youths. ALSO READ: Gbajabiamila seeks Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation’s support for agriculture, health Also speaking on the occasion, Coordinator, Computer Science Programme , National Mathematical Centre Mrs Oluchi Bamidale declared that the aim of the contest was to discover young in computer science and IT in the universities across the country. The Vice-chancellor of the winning team , Bowen University, Professor Joshua Ogunwole, while commended the organizers of the programme, he described it as a welcome development in the history of Information Technology advancement in the Nigerian educational system. He urged the organizers to sustain the programme. He said: Bowen University is information Technological driven, endowed with facilities in terms of human resources, teaching and research aids to impact the students to produce 21st-century graduates in the disciplines within the purview of its approved academic programmes. Our students can perform favourably well with their peers at the global level. The university would not relent in its primary statutory educational training responsibility services to produce 21st century patriotic graduates who will bring about positive change their world,”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!