In its quest to reintroduce itself as a favourite of many young Nigerians, the brains behind the Tiger Beer – a product of Nigeria’s leading brewer, Nigerian Breweries Plc lit up the city of Lagos with a re-launch party tagged: “Uncage Party” The event held last week, at the Landmark Beach, Victoria Island, Lagos, featured a host of celebrities and consumers, who got the chance to try out a series of exciting activities and “uncage”, as Tiger beer marked a new dawn in the Nigerian beer industry. The brand, which is enjoyed in over 60 countries, has been the brand known for its laudable advocacy for uncaging the pragmatic and resourceful sides of its consumers, breaking limitations, defying expectations, challenging conventions and setting new frontiers just like the beer brand itself. Here in Nigeria, the story is not any different and the brand has taken it a step further as it seeks to reestablish its stance as well as simultaneously uncage the restless Naija energy hidden beneath the Nigerian millennials’ constant hunger for a brighter future. Six finalists make it to DFA Bootcamp Nollywood: Bringing trust and accountability to enterprise #BBNaija19: Tacha kicked out over fight with housemate Crisis looms in Ondo community over traditional festival The Tiger beer brand which champions unique creativity, distinct art, clear-cut bravery, fierce pursuit for passion in arts, music, fashion, food, adventures and entrepreneurship and above all an uncommon taste of refreshment is brewed with only the purest of ingredients through a careful brewing process which produces a unique tasting beer to uncage the thirst and refreshment of millions of its consumers. The A-list event featured some of Nigeria’s leading stars in the entertainment scene as the likes of BOJ, Rema, Ajebutter22, Noble Igwe, TeddyA, ShowDemCamp and Waye amongst others, graced the event and joined in on the “uncage vibe”. Commenting on the relaunch, Brand Manager , International Premium, Nigerian Brweeries Plc., Chinwe Greg-Egwu spoke of the brand’s commitment to remaining the uniquely brewed brand which is championing the cause for young daring Nigerians who are unafraid to break the norms. “We felt the need to once again re-introduce this laudable brand into the Nigerian market, but we assure our consumers that nothing has changed in the unique brew taste of Tiger. The brand is still the beer of choice for the daring ones who are unapologetically different and are unafraid to Uncage their fears,” she said. Tiger Beer was born in 1932 on the streets of Singapore. A world-acclaimed lager beer, Tiger Beer is made with only the finest ingredients through a precise brewing process and uses only the finest quality ingredients. The result is the intensely refreshing, full-bodied taste of one of the world’s leading contemporary beer brands that have won over 40 international awards and accolades including Gold at the prestigious world beer cup, Gold medal at the Commonwealth Bottled Beer Competition, and the BIIA’s World’s Best Lager Beer award among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.