Bauchi State Government has secured the award of $3m for the implementation of Better Education Service Delivery for all, which is a Federal Government project geared towards improving education in the country. This was disclosed by the  State Governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed at the launching of the programme held in Alkaleri local government area on Thursday saying that already the sum of N53,056,200:00  has been approved for the provision of teaching and learning materials in schools across the state. Bala Mohammed also disclosed the release of over N460m as part of government’s support to the programme being run by NEI- plus, which is a USAID intervention programme in the state. ALSO See: Akin Alabi launches Pro-Bono legal services in Ibadan He observed that, when fully implemented, the project would reduce the level of illiteracy in the selected states through tracking and mopping of out of school children by returning them to classrooms. NLC kicks against concession of 22 Teaching Hospitals FG should demand compensation for victims of xenophobic… Withdraw arrest order on Okorocha, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youths… 100 days in office: Makinde reassures Oyo indigents of good… The Governor who said that the state government has taken a drastic measure to address the menace of out-of-school children called on the implementing MDAs of the project to adhere strictly with the rules and guidelines of the programme. In a remark, the Minister of State for Education, Mr Chukwuemeka Nnajiuba said the that Federal Government has released huge amount of money for the project in order to address in-balance in school attendance. Also speaking, the National Coordinator of the Programme, Professor Tahir Gidado recalled that the project was initiated in 2016, with the aim of reducing the number of out-of-school children by supporting intensive literacy programme. The UNICEF Country Representative, who expressed concern over the high rate of out-of-school children in Nigeria, renewed the determination of the organisation to improve access to quality education across the country. The Governor had during the launching of the programme handed over ownership structure of Almajiri Tsangaya Model School, Natsira in Bauchi local government to Sheikh Dahiru Usman Bauchi. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...