Barely 24 hours after the completion and confirmation of the 20 Commissioners nominees by the Bauchi State House of Assembly, the State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir will tomorrow, Friday, 6th September 2019 swear in the nominees. A press release signed by the Senior Special Assistant (SSA) Media to the Governor, Mukhtar Gidado contained that the Commissioner nominees will be sworn in by the Governor at the Multi-purpose Indoor Sports Hall in Bauchi by 10 am. The release further contained that during the swearing ceremony, the Governor will announce the portfolio of the Commissioners assuring that “it will be round pegs in round holes” in order to ensure that the objective of the PDP administration in the state was met. ALSO READ: We will partner private sector to establish industrial processing zones ― Osinbajo NLC kicks against concession of 22 Teaching Hospitals FG should demand compensation for victims of xenophobic… Withdraw arrest order on Okorocha, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youths… 100 days in office: Makinde reassures Oyo indigents of good… While congratulating the nominees for scaling the huddle of rigorous screening by the State House of Assembly, the Media Aide urged them to immediately hit the ground running considering the fact that people are having high expectations from the administration. Those screened and confirmed as Commissioners by the State House of Assembly are the erstwhile spokesperson of the Governor, Dr Ladan Salihu, Bauchi LG, Prof Adamu Ahmad, Ningi LG, Pharm. Samaila Burga, Tafawa-Balewa LG, Abdulrazak Nuhu  Zaki, Warji LG and  Alh Nura Manu Soro, Ganjuwa LG. Others are : Hon Auwal Jatau, Zaki LG, Muhammad Sadiq Dass LG, Abdulkadir Muhd Chika Soro, Alkaleri LG, Hajiya Hajara, Itas/Gadau LG and Turaki Muhammad Manga, Misau LG. They also include,  Mr Jidauna Tula Mbami, Bogoro LG, Sarki Aliyu Jalam Dambam LG, Umar Abubakar Sade Darazo LG, Dr Aminu Hassan Gamawa LG and Usman Muhammad Giade LG. The rest are: Hon Moddibo Abdulkadir, Jama’are LG, Alhaji Umaru Adamu Katagum LG, Yakubu Bello Kirfi Kirfi LG, Hamisu M Shira Shira LG and Dr Aliyu Tilde from  Toro LG who is a Social critic and public commentator. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...