About ten persons have been reported dead in a road accident involving three vehicles, including an articulated vehicle. The accident happened in Agulu, Anaocha Local Government Area of Anambra State. Tribune Online gathered that the accident happened when the articulated vehicle that was carrying some heavy metals lost its brake while negotiating the road, ramming into one commuter bus and a private car, killing about ten persons at the spot. Consequently, the State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano, who was presiding over a state executive council meeting was forced to abandon the meeting to rush to the scene. Court remands 3 men over alleged armed robbery, assault Police nab 1,154 suspected kidnappers in 8 months Three die in Osun auto crash Family of Ondo slain banker demands justice A source said that the ten persons died on the spot, while several others who sustained varying degrees of injuries were rushed to St Joseph Hospital, Adazi Nnukwu, which is in the area for treatment. A source from the government circle told  Tribune Online that the state governor, after inspecting the accident scene, proceeded to St Joseph Hospital, Adazi Nnukwu, where the injured victims were already receiving medical attention. “Gov Obiano regretted the huge loss and ordered the transfer of the victims to Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu Teaching Hospital in Awka for better medical care. He promised to take up all the medical bills of the affected persons. He directed that a barricade be erected on the road to avert such accident in future,” the source said. The PPRO, Anambra State Police Command, SP Haruna Mohammed who confirmed the crash to our correspondent, however, did not give the number of lives lost in the accident but insisted that the command was still making a compilation of them before making it known to newsmen. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...