A middle-aged man simply identified as Jimoh has been allegedly beaten to death by colleagues at a drinking joint in Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti state capital on Sunday evening. Sources informed Tribune Online that the deceased, who is said to be a bricklayer was beaten with charms during a heated argument with friends in Irona area of the state capital. The source said, ” there was arguments between those guys drinking together which later resulted in fight among them. He was beaten with charm and he died on the spot. ” There was no sign of blood or injury on his body, but a broken bottle was seen around his left hand while the shirt he was putting on was torn.” Operation Crush Operatives arrest notorious cult leaders in… FIRS boss, Fowler, dragged to court over tenure elongation Gunmen kill 24-year-old health science student in Kogi Tragic weekend in Ondo Truck kills eight-year-old boy… ALSO READ:  States, LG get 85% of VAT, Nigerians should demand accountability ― CITN President It was learned that police officers attached to the Ekute divisional headquarters evacuated the remains of the deceased from the scene of the incident. When contacted, the Public Relations Officer of the Ekiti State Police Command, Caleb Ikechukwu while confirming the incident said a suspect had been arrested. “Yes, I can confirm the incident and we have arrested a suspect who is currently undergoing interrogation in our command. “What we gathered was that there was a misunderstanding between those boys and one of them was killed. That is all I can say for now,” Ikechukwu said SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/