Comrade Ali Ibrahim, chairman of the newly-formed Coalition of Northern Patriots (CNP), speaks with SABIU MUHAMMED on issues affecting the northern part of the country.  What do you intend to achieve by forming the Coalition of Northern Patriots (CNP)? First of all, we want to follow the footsteps of our founding fathers, including Sir Ahmadu Bello, Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa, Aliyu Makaman Bida, Sir Kashim Ibrahim, Dala Waziri, Yusuf Maitama Sule, Aminu Kano and other members of their generation, for our betterment and for us to speak with one voice, irrespective of tribe, religion or political differences in Northern Nigeria. For too long, the region is divided along tribal, religious and ethnic sentiments. So, as youths in the region, we felt it was time we took up the challenge to correct some of these identified things.  Are you not worried that youths, especially in the North, did not make the list of ministers in the cabinet of President Muhammadu Buhari? We expected to see more popular youth involvement in the Buhari-led administration as he promised to carry youths along in his second time during his campaign. Of course, we have seen a signal in that regard with the appointment of Honourable Isa Ali Pantami as the Minister of Communication. We expect more of such appointments. Wanted: Cashless politics in Nigeria NASS members’ bitter experience at tribunals When Jega set agenda for constitutional amendment Buhari’s appointments vs federal character  As a stakeholder in Kano State, how will you rate the performance of Governor Abdullahi Ganduje, especially in the last three months? The performance of the governor in his first 100 days in office was a milestone, particularly in the education sector. The achievements, including the introduction of free and compulsory basic education in the state; Tsangaya Education Scheme and recruitment of classroom teachers from every local government area in the state, are commendable programmmes. I consider these of utmost importance because education is the spinal cord of every society, more especially at the elementary level.  There were allegations by Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State of attacks on non-Muslims in Kano State. What is your reaction to this? Nothing like that happened. The main focus of Governor Ganduje was the corporate existence of the country. Ganduje, after sensing that tension was brewing in his state and other neighbouring states, made all efforts to calm down nerves. To also tave off any possible attack against churches and Christians, particularly in Kano, Ganduje was bold enough to remind his people that Kano State was known for peaceful coexistence between Muslims and Christians. We should therefore improve on that and remain calm and peaceful. People should please live peacefully with one another. The governor also called on the public to remain calm and go about their normal businesses. But to our dismay Wike didn’t see reason in the gentleman approach displayed by Governor Ganduje which, even the top-ranking security echelon believed was not only timely, but also helped in avoiding plunging the nation into chaos and anarchy. Instead of addressing the real issue, Governor Wike finds solace in attacking Ganduje’s personality. He even dramatised the whole scenario. We are therefore supporting calls from other groups and individuals that Governor Wike must be called to order; there is no two-way about it. All Nigerians, Muslims, Christians or even non-religious individuals, have every right to live in any part of the country. It is a wrong decision and calculation for him to think that he can win the presidential running mate ticket in 2023 only when he hurts the feelings and sensibilities of Muslim communities. What does this portray to an average Muslim from any part of this country? It is absolutely wrong for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), through Wike, to think that the All Progressives Congress (APC) is Islam and Islam is the APC. This is an erroneous and poor strategy. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!