Governor of Nasarawa State, Engr Abdulahi Sule, has in New York expressed confidence that the people of his sate will derive direct benefits from the issues tackled at the at 74th United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) such as climate change, insecurity and the return of illicitly channelled funds from Nigeria. The governor, who was part of President Muhammadu Buhari’s delegation to the world leaders summit, affirmed that this year’s assembly was unique because the issue of climate change and illicit financial flows were at the root of the insecurity and other economic problems in the country. He said Buhari made the choice to discuss issues of corruption, security and climate change “which by extension are also responsible for the security challenges that we are having in Nigeria.” Sule added: “Luckily for us, we came in at a time so many other countries are also having the same challenges that we are having. If you look at it from that direction, you will see some of the direct benefits.” The governor said the meeting gave them the opportunity to discuss immunization with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as Aliko Dangote. ALSO READ: Kano road traffic agency impounds drugs-laden worth N7million Rotary Club distributes free exercise books to pupils in… Nigeria makes World Bank’s list for top-20 ‘improvers… Task Force raids Lagos brothel, nabs 14 suspects with… Nigerian governors storm New York for SDGs He said discussions were also held with various government and donor agencies on agriculture and industry as well as the advancement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in the country. “You see, all this exposure gives you an opportunity to see areas of partnership in order to address the various challenges that Nigeria is facing. For me, that is the takeaway,” the governor declared. He further stated that he canvassed for investment in Nasarawa state in the areas of education health, mass housing and agriculture, saying: “We had a side event which I attended in order to showcase Nasarawa to attract investments and so, we focused our investment drive on those areas. “We are looking for people who will come into the state to invest in the areas of education because Nasarawa state is not where we wish to be when it comes to education. “The same thing with health. A lot of our health facilities are government-sponsored facilities. So, we are also discussing with investors in that area. “Nasarawa is a ready market because of our population, because of our proximity to Abuja, and it is a ready market for any serious investor.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.