Candidate, All Progressives Congress for Obokun State Constituency in the 2019 General Election, Honourable Olatunbosun Oyintiloye has congratulated the Governor of the state, Mr Gboyega Oyetola on his 65th birthday anniversary. In his congratulatory message, Oyintiloye described the Governor as a visionary as well as a respected leader who is living a life of simplicity and rendering service to people. According to him, the governor is worthy of celebration, having justified the purpose for which he was elected by the people to lead the state as his comportment had inspired confidence in the mind of the residence through his developmental programmes and policies within a year in office. He highlighted some of the developmental strides of the Oyetola administration to include massive revitalisation of the health sector through the upgrading of 332 Primary health facilities. ALSO READ:  Fashola to commission Jandor Foundation’s Liberty Place, Oct 1 BBNaija (S4): Elozonam, Ike evicted Abuja-Kaduna train service generates N100m monthly ― NRC MD Bauchi gets $44.63m from AfDB for development Why we are running a welfarist govt in Oyo ― Makinde Oyintiloye also mentioned Oyetola’s quick response to pressing public issues, saying “dredging of waterways to tackle flooding, massive road construction and rehabilitation of roads as well as active intervention on security of lives and properties,” are some of his successes. He said one of the attributes Governor Oyetola has displayed as a responsible leader is to make a promise and fulfil it, saying the commitment made by the governor to consolidate on the successes recorded by the immediate past administration and his campaign promises is gradually being fulfilled. He added: “Governor Oyetola is worthy of celebration more than ever before because he has shown uncommon leadership by managing socio-economic affairs of the state fulfilling his electoral promises in face of dwindling resources and further consolidating the developmental stride started by the last administration. “With Governor Oyetola at the helm of affairs, it is clear to all, even the doubting Thomas that Osun is in safe hands of a progressive gentleman and committed leader whose sole interest is the upliftment of the people.” He then congratulated the governor, his wife Mrs Kafayat, members of his immediate family, professional and political associates on his birthday celebration and wished him many more successful years ahead SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/