The Northern State Governors Forum, have identified the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) as the ideal way to solve the worsening rift between cattle herders and farmers. Chairman of the forum, Governor Simon Lalong, while addressing newsmen after an emergency meeting in Kaduna, recently  said that the governors had resolved to adopt the NLTP because it is sustainable and highlights an option of modernisation. According to him, the forum had set up a committee, headed by Governor Aminu Masari of Katsina State, to develop a comprehensive regional plan that will bring an end to the swelling herder/farmer crisis in the region. He said that the committee was also given the directive to deliberate on their findings and proffer recommendations to the house, noting that the forum had chosen to adopt the plan because it lays out a path for modernising pastoral activities. Why foreigners’ involvement in poultry business must be… We are making exportation of agricultural commodities easy —… Stevia: The untapped goldmine in Nigeria Our investment targets at developing disease-resistant crops… Buhari replaces Osinbajo’s economic management team with Salami-led economic advisory council “The Governor’s Forum was well informed about the National Livestock Transformation Plan and its differences with the Ruga plan. It is expected that the plan would ensure resettling and addressing the dislocated populations in the key conflict zones to enable them become part of the agricultural modernisation process. “It would also provide a mechanism for peaceful dialogue and reconciliation in the affected communities towards a harmonious mutually beneficial future. “The governors, therefore, adopted the National Livestock Transformation Plan which lays out clear path for modernising pastoral activities. Lalong said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!