Ex-governor, Chief Gbenga Daniel has urged well-meaning Nigerians to invest in the education sector of the country, saying such a gesture would assist in the personality development of the future generations. The charge was on Tuesday made by former governor of Ogun State, Chief Gbenga Daniel, at the 40th Founder’s Day of Ososa Comprehensive High School, in Odogbolu Local Government Area of Ogun State. The former governor who was the chairman at the ceremony described education as the only legacy that could be bequeathed to the younger ones. ALSO READ: $9.6bn P&ID debt: Senate summons AGF, petroleum ministery, others At the ceremony attended by the vice-chancellor, Tai Solarin University of Education (TASUED), Ijagun, Professor Abayomi Arigbabu; the Gbengade of Ososa, Oba Toye Alatishe, represented by one of his chiefs; the former Secretary to the Ogun State Government, Prof. Adegbemi Onakoya among others, Daniel lauded the selflessness and strong determination of Ososa indigenes in revamping the school. The former governor said that the nation’s economic realities must not debar Nigerians, especially the well-to-do in contributing their quota towards the revamping of the economy of the education sector. In his remarks, a foremost industrialist, Chief Adebola Adegunwa, advised parents to invest in their children, saying the children are their gratuities and pensions during old age. Adegunwa, an indigene of Ososa said many parents are lacking in their responsibilities by inculcating good characters in their wards. He also admonished students to concentrate on their studies and shun any act that could jeopardise their future. He said, “I have noticed that parents are abandoning the responsibilities and duties required to enable good characters in their offsprings. I am referring to parents who don’t counsel their children and take appropriate corrective actions when they misbehave. “I implore parents to make a change because these children are your gratuities and pensions during old age. Good character is an important foundation in the development of young adults. Without any doubt, school learning drives growth; but it does not strongly teach good character and values. “Success is never by luck. You only become lucky when opportunity meets preparation, and education is the right preparation,” he added. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!