A Police officer with the Ondo State police command, identified as Taiwo Orisadare, was alleged to have stabbed nine people during a brawl in a clubhouse party at the weekend. The police officer who attended a party organised in one of the popular eateries in Akure, Ondo State capital, went on rampage after he appeared to be drunk during the party. It was gathered that things went awry when the police officer demanded for more drinks from the celebrants while some people cautioned celebrants from giving the police officer more alcoholic drinks. A witness told Tribune Online that the policeman who is attached to Area Commander of the Akure Command was drunk when he started harassing the victims who were at the club. This, according to him, led to an argument between the drunk Orisadare and one of the people at the party which escalated to an altercation. All attempts to pacify Orisadare failed to yield positive results as he allegedly broke a bottle and went on to stab himself and eight other people. “It was so clear that he (Sergeant Orisadare) was so drunk and was already becoming something else at the club. “He won’t just listen to those trying to tell him to take things easy. It was at the point that things went awry as he started attacking everyone he could lay his hands on. In total, he stabbed nine people before he could be overpowered,” the source said. Task Force raids Ikeja CBD, nabs 28 miscreants, 15 drug… Three suspected kidnappers shot dead in Kogi 17 Nigeriens, 15 Malians arrested in Minna Court remands Okada rider in prison custody for throwing… ALSO READ: China pledges to strengthen ties with Nigeria The source said “some of the victims who were stabbed, were bleeding heavily and they were rushed to the hospitals while the drunk officer was also taken to the Police Hospital in Akure. “The incident abruptly put an end to the party as most of the people hurriedly left the party for fear of being arrested. “Though the man was not in uniform when the incident occurred but I have no doubt that if he was armed, some people would have lost their lives. No life was lost but it was a scene to behold.” Tribune Online gathered that some of the victims who were attacked by the police officer are currently recuperating in various hospitals while some of them are in critical condition. The State Police Public Relation Officer (PPRO) Mr. Femi Joseph, who confirmed the incident said Orisadare was not on duty when the incident happened. He said some people were said to have been stabbed at the party but said the incident was not reported and no action has been taken by the command. He, however, said the police officer with the Area Commander’s Office in Akure has been receiving treatment at the Police Hospital in Akure. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!