Following a heavy downpour on Friday evening, a commercial motorcyclist died after he was swept away by flood in Oke – Iya area of Ijoka, Akure, Ondo State capital. The corpse of the Okada rider identified as Idowu Akomolafe, was discovered in the early morning of Saturday by the residents of the community. It was gathered that the father of two who was in his mid 30’s got carried away while trying to navigate the water on his way home but was swept off by the current of the flood. According to the Chairman of the Landlords Association, Mr. Adetunji Oluwapelumi, who explained that the incident occurred following the diversion on the road due to the ongoing road construction. He said the rain was falling heavily while the whole community was flooded and the late Okada rider was trying to pass through the flooded road but lost control of the motorcycle. “The Okada rider was swept away by the flood during the rainfall on Friday, it was on Saturday morning that his lifeless body was found by the roadside.” Ebonyi central zone residents charge PDP to fulfil campaign… 24-year-old student killed by gunmen in Kogi Truck kills boy in Ondo Buhari condemns abuse of children in Kaduna ‘reform… ALSO READ: Xenophobia: Obasanjo applauds South Africa president for apologising to affected nations Meanwhile, a young man, Abiodun Olomiye, got drowned while swimming on Saturday morning in a river in Uso town in Owo Local Government Area of the state. It was gathered that Olomiye died before help could reach him while swimming in the river. His dead body was recovered by local swimmers. A source said, “it was through the help of the local swimmers that his corpse was recovered after several hours of searching for him.” When contacted the State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Mr. Femi Joseph, confirmed the incidents and said the investigation into the matter had commenced. He said, “the corpse of the deceased had been recovered by the local swimmers in Uso, and he had been buried at the riverbank in line with the tradition of the town.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/