The Oyo State government is poised to construct five new model schools across the three senatorial districts in line with the 2018 intervention project in conjunction with Federal Government-Universal Basic Education Board. This was stated on Friday by the chairman of Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board (OyoSUBEB), Dr Nureni Aderemi Adeniran, during a prequalification exercise for the 2018 FGN-UBEC/OYOSUBEB intervention projects held in Ibadan. This is coming weeks after Governor Makinde increased budgetary allocation to the education sector from four to 10 per cent, gave free textbooks and 2.7million exercise books to pupils in public primary and secondary schools as well as ended the fee payment regime in public schools introduced by the last administration. Dr Adeniran explained that the projects for the building of the new schools would be awarded only to qualified contractors among the 76 applicants who applied for the pre-qualification exercise. Adeniran listed some of the schools to benefit from the intervention projects to include Methodist Primary School, Bodija, in Ibadan North Local Government Area; Saint Paul’s Primary school, Yanbule, in Ibadan North East Local Government Area. Others, according to the SUBEB boss, are Methodist Primary School, Arowomole, Ogbomosho South; Community Primary School, Airport, Ona-Ara Local Government Area and Muslim Grammar (Jnr) School, Odinjo, Oluyole Local Government Area. Ebonyi central zone residents charge PDP to fulfil campaign… 24-year-old student killed by gunmen in Kogi Truck kills boy in Ondo Buhari condemns abuse of children in Kaduna ‘reform… ALSO READ: Xenophobia: Obasanjo applauds South Africa president for apologising to affected nations Adeniran restated that the current administration under Governor Seyi Makinde would ensure equity, fairness and objectivity in the award of the contracts. “The anomalies observed in the award of contracts by the last administration through awards of 64 and 72 projects to a single contractor is a thing of the past, as our administration is guided by fairness, equity, transparency and accountability,” he said. He commended Governor Makinde for his determination to enhance and promote quality education delivery and access to basic education in the state. Dr Adeniran noted that this was made manifest through the governor’s immediate intervention in the education sector through budgetary increment for the sector. He also reiterated government’s determination to terminate payment of legal and illegal fees in public schools, adding that the newly introduced extra-mural classes for JSS3 and SS3 students would improve the academic performances of the students tremendously. The event was witnessed by the state coordinator, Universal Basic Education Commission (UBEC), Dr Lydia Gbagi, representatives of Oyo State’s Due Process office, Nigerian Institute of Quantity Surveyors, Civil societies and contractors. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/