The House of Representatives has called on the Federal Government to ensure the completion of the rail connection to the Inland Dry Ports and Seaports across the country in order to ensure the realization of the projects at the earliest time possible. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion titled: ‘Completion of the Ibadan Inland Dry Port in Erunmu, Egbeda Local Government Area of Oyo State and other Inland Dry Ports in the country,’ sponsored by Hon. Ajibola Muraina. In his lead debate, Hon. Muraina who explained that the Inland Dry Ports otherwise known as Inland Container Depots (ICD’s) and Containers Freight Stations (CFS) established by the Nigerian Shippers Council is highly commendable and could lead to the economic development of the nation. He added that the Inland Dry Ports which is the equivalent of a seaport located in the hinterland receives containers by rail or road from the seaport for examination and clearance by Customs and other competent authorities. In the bid to achieve the set objective of the initiative, Hon. Muraina stressed the need for the completion of rail tracks to Inland dry ports and the dualism of the Lagos – Ibadan road with the view to decongest the gridlock at the Apapa port and to facilitate for easy transportation of goods and services to Nigerians. Recalls that the 7 approved locations for Inland Container Depots (ICDs) and Container Freight Stations (CFSs) were concessioned to private sector operators by the ICD Implementation Committee of the Federal Ministry of Transportation. They are: IsialaNgwa, Aba – East gate Inland Container Terminal Ltd; Erunmu, Ibadan – Catamaran Logistics Ltd; Heipang-Jos – Duncan Maritime Ltd; Zawachi-Kano – Dala Inland Dry Port; Zamfarawa- Funtua – Equatorial Marine Ltd as well as Jauri-Maiduguri – Migfor Nigeria Ltd; ICNL-Kaduna, which has been commissioned. According to him, the ICDs/CFSs were expected to bringing shipping services to the doorsteps of shippers across the nation; assisting in decongesting the seaports and making them more user-friendly and provide the impetus to revive and modernize the railway as a primary mode for long-distance haulage. Buhari condemns Ghana coup attempt Rice farmers in support of border closure, pledge improved… Randy father bags 10 years in jail for raping teenage… We’ve demonstrated political will on water, sanitation,… ALSO READ: Buhari, other African leaders seek repatriation of stolen funds According to him, “the House is concerned that besides the Kaduna Inland Dry Port which was recently commissioned by President, Buhari in January 2018, other dry ports projects are yet to be completed by the concessionaires due to poor funding and the slow pace of work in most of the Inland Ports is worrisome “The House is convinced that the completion of those seaports will stop the diversion of Cargo to neighbouring countries which is depriving the country of the much-needed revenue and will also generate employment for Nigerians as in the communities where those Inland Dry Ports are cited and will further reduce the congestion being experienced at the Lagos ports and the gridlock on the Apapa road “The House believes that there is the need to develop the Inland Dry Ports in the hinterlands of the country and with the storage facilities in the ports, exporters will be provided with the much-needed facilities to process, package, consolidate and forward their exports to their customers all over the world “The House is cognizant that lack of railway network is a major challenge to all the proposed Seaports and road and air network to facilitate quick delivery for trans-shipment of sea cargo to inland destinations,” Hon. Muraina noted. He further stressed the need for Federal Ministry of Works and Housing to complete the dualization of Lagos/Ibadan/Egbeda road preparatory for the take-off of the Ibadan Inland Dry Port, since Oyo State which he observed has huge potential of becoming the food basket of the nation with its landmass, soil profile, strategic position and concentration of Agricultural Research Institutions. To this end, the House tasked Federal Government to put in place measures to attract investors from Commonwealth countries to the Inland Dry Ports so that the remaining projects being handled by concessionaires can be completed as soon as possible; While ruling, the Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Ahmed Wase, who presided over the plenary session referred the motion to the House Committee on Land Transport, Ports and Harbour, Appropriations and Works to ensure completion of the projects by ensuring that they were well funded having in mind their economic importance to the nation. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.