The Inspector General of Police (IGP) on Thursday said the Nigeria Police Force would deploy special forces in the South West to combat kidnappers, bandits and other criminals in the region. Adamu who disclosed this in Akure, Ondo state capital,  while addressing Police officers during an official visit to the command, disclosed that the special force would attack bandits, kidnappers in their camps. He, however, said the strategies to be employed by the Police force would not be exposed but assured that it would go a long way to eradicate crime in the region. He noted that the security plan adopted by the South west after the region security summit would be put into use, saying it would help to put an end to crime and criminal activities. He said “We had a security summit in Ibadan where all the stakeholders meeting including all the governors in the southwest as well as traditional rulers. We brainstorm on how to effectively secure the southwest geopolitical zone. Xenophobia: South Africa closes embassy in Nigeria after… Drama, as APC NWC constitutes Appeal Committees for Kogi,… Flood: 6 dead, several houses, valuables destroyed in… Kogi/Bayelsa Guber: Stick to our deadlines on submission of… “After the Ibadan summit, it became necessary to move around the command within the zone to sensitize the personnel towards implementing the resolution of the summit. ALSO READ: Nigeria to revisit trade agreements with Brazil ― Minister “We won’t expose the strategy but we are now ready for the deployment of special forces within the southwest geopolitical zone to reinforce the work police officers have been doing” He also disclosed that the force will recruit some officials as  Community Policing Officers, who will complement the efforts of the police across various communities in the region. According to him, the officers will perform low-risk and non-sensitive duties, but said they would help to bridge the gap between the police and the public. He said ” these Officers will be recruited from various communities where they reside and they will be drawn from professional bodies such as academics, drivers’ union, traders and youth” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...