Former Vice Chairman Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs, Senator Shehu Sani has called on the government of Nigeria and its South African counterpart to exercise caution and maturity in handling the attacks on the citizens of the former in South Africa. Senator Sani in his statement said, “the historic relationship between Nigeria and South Africa must not be allowed to be destroyed by the unwholesome activities of criminal elements in South Africa.” While he blamed the South African government for tolerating the criminal activities of its youths, Senator Sani appealed to both nations to remember sacrifices made by African leaders to forge unity in the continent through the formation of the African Union. The statement read in part: “The continuous attacks against Nigerians in South Africa stands unreservedly condemned. The Government of the Republic of South African must protect Nigerian nationals and frontally combat xenophobia. “The historic relationship between Nigeria and South Africa must not be allowed to be destroyed by the unwholesome activities of criminal elements in South Africa. ALSO READ: Reps may reconvene over xenophobic attacks as Gbajabiamila cuts short foreign trips Oyo contractor promises January to deliver 10,000 metric… Nigerians call for economic boycott of South Africa… Ebonyi govt offers rent-free shops to traders at … Buhari pledges closer cooperation with Ukraine “While we condemn the attacks on Nigerian businesses in South Africa, I call on our fellow citizens not to attack South African businesses in Nigeria. “Nigeria and South Africa should set up ‘South Africa-Nigeria Joint Cultural Exchange Council’ to promote people to people contact and neutralise the monster of xenophobia. “South African Government should compensate Nigerians who made loses during the attacks. “South African Government must bring to book the perpetrators of the xenophobic attacks. “Nigerian Government should not continue to bark like a coward dog and South African government should not continue to sleep like a tortoise while innocent people are being killed. “Africans unleashing violence against fellow Africans on the African soil is a shame to Africans and the black race. “Xenophobia is urinating and spitting on the graves of the African Union and those who sacrificed their lives for the freedom and independence of the African continent.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...