Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams, has pledged his ready support to Lagos State Police Commissioner, Zubairu Muazu, in order to strengthen the security architectures in the state. Iba Adams gave this pledge at the weekend during a courtesy call to the police boss’ office in Ikeja, saying efforts were on to work out effective modalities to fight insecurity in the state. This was just as acknowledged that the partnership between the police and the Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) was beginning to yield positive results with other relevant groups coming on board as partners in progress. The Aare Ona Kakanfo, according to a statement made available to newsmen by his office, informed Muazu of the various efforts he had put in place since the Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Muhammadu Adamu, and governor of South-West had said they were ready to work with the OPC under his leadership in combating insecurity across the zone. According to Adams, part of the efforts put in place was the convocation of the South-West Security Stakeholders’ Group (SSSG), a meeting comprising all relevant security groups across the zone and the unveiling of a roadmap towards achieving the set objectives. “So far, we have made significant progress since the IG had expressed the readiness of the police to work with the OPC under my leadership. It is on this note that I said the OPC and the Nigeria Police are partners in progress,” he said. Polaris Bank commits to climate action, sustainability Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Dignitaries honour Kashamu at mother’s funeral Nigerian youths must engage in vocational skills ― Digital… “We have started work in earnest and everybody can attest to the fact that our efforts are beginning to yield positive results, especially, now that it is obvious that the rate of insecurity in the South-West has reduced tremendously in the past few weeks. We have set the pace and the signs are there for everybody to see that we are ready to secure the South-West and make the region safe for Nigerian,” he added. ALSO READ: Abducted ASUP officials regain freedom after 72 hours in captivity Responding, the police commissioner expressed optimism that Lagos was becoming peaceful with zero tolerance for crime, noting that the IG was on top of the security situation in the country. Muazu also said the foundation laid down by his predecessors in the state had really helped the police in making significant breakthrough in creating a workable synergy between the police and the people at the grassroots. “In recent time, the spate of insecurity has taken the centre stage across the country. However, I want to assure you that we are committed to providing the best security to Lagosians. We are committed to make the state safe for residents, and in doing our job, we are ready to partner with individuals or groups that can help the police curb the spate of insecurity in Lagos and Nigeria as a whole,” the police boss said. The commissioner also harped on information and intelligence gathering as a panacea for peace, saying nobody can undermine the rate at which information spreads at the grassroots. “We all know that information dissemination is key at all times, and the police is in the best position to dissect the information gathered. So, I think Aare Gani Adams’ visit is timely and it is a positive sign that things are taking good shape in the country,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!