Several residents of Lagos have abandoned the conventional umbrellas for mini-nylon raincoats as rainfall persists in the city/state, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. A correspondent of NAN observed that traders, workers, school children, motorcyclists, security agents, and others now adorn mini-nylon raincoats. They wore the raincoats as an alternative to umbrellas and would go about their daily routines not minding the downpour. NAN reports that the dress-like nylon raincoats that come in different shades and designs,  are worn by both genders. NAN also reports that before now, women used to wear shower caps made of nylons whenever it rains to protect their hairs from getting soaked. Some of the mini-nylon raincoats are designed with headcovers and sleeves, while others are without such accessories. ALSO READ: Don’t allow children play in flood waters, NEMA warns parents Some of the residents who spoke to NAN expressed diverse opinions on why they resolved to use the mini-nylon raincoats to cover themselves from rain, instead of the conventional umbrellas. Juliana Adiri, a petty trader who sells mini-nylon raincoats, told NAN that several Lagosians had embraced the product and that the sellers were smiling to their banks from their bumper sales. Haitian/American artiste Mickael features Skales, Young D,… JUST IN: AMAA releases nominations list for 2019 Facebook unveils new Portal video chat, TV streaming devices Kevin Hart hit with $60m lawsuit over sex tape Adiri said that she used to make good sales with reasonable profits whenever it rained. She said that this was because the mini-nylon raincoats served as quick raincoats for the ever-busy Lagosians who are always on the move come rain or shine. “You can see school children and adults wearing the mini-nylon raincoats with joy instead of running from the rain or staying at home so that their bodies will not be soaked. “I sell snacks and drinks but I still sell mini- nylon raincoats whenever it rains. I sell dozens and make my gains from them as they do not spoil easily,” she said. ALSO READ: Tiwa Savage walks runway for Naomi Campbell Also, Ajibade Adedokun, a secondary school student, told NAN that when he spread his umbrella when it rained; it covered only his head and the upper part of his body. Adedokun said that his school uniform’s trousers used to be soaked whenever he used his umbrella whenever it rained. Adedokun said that his mother bought him the mini-nylon raincoat and he preferred it as it is handy, covered his whole body and also protected his school bag from being soaked by rain. “I really love my mini-nylon raincoat and prefers it to the umbrella because it keeps me dry as I am wearing it now. “It is protecting both my bag and uniform from the rain,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!