Ondo State Governor Mr. Rotimi Akeredolu has assured that the ongoing flyover project in Ore town, in Odigbo Local Government Area of the state would be completed before the end of this year. Akeredolu who stated this while receiving traditional rulers from Ikale area of Ondo State in his office in Akure, the state capital, said his administration is committed to addressing infrastructural deficit across the state. According to him, the flyover project is one of the legacy projects initiated and embarked upon by the current administration in the state saying the project which was flagged off by last year February would be delivered by December 2019. Akeredolu said the flyover, first in Ondo State was aimed at ameliorating gridlock and frequent accidents in the axis. Polaris Bank commits to climate action, sustainability Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Dignitaries honour Kashamu at mother’s funeral Nigerian youths must engage in vocational skills ― Digital… ALSO READ: BREAKING: 19-yr-old man allegedly hacks mother to death, another commits suicide in Bayelsa Akeredolu who decried paucity of fund emphasized that the state government would strike the balance to pay workers salary when due and end infrastructural deficit across the state. The governor who also promised to revive Okitipupa Oil palm also assured that priority would be given to the reafforestation project while the Ore power plant would soon be completed to create more jobs for the citizens. The monarchs led by the Abodi of Ikaleland, Oba George Faduyile had earlier lauded the governor for the tremendous progress noticed across the state and urged him never to discontinue regular payment of workers’ salaries as well as retirees’ pension. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!