MANUFACTURERS of local fabrics and those in the fashion business will soon start smiling to the bank following a renewed commitment by the National Council for Arts and Culture to reposition the sector. The NCAC which has already taken the lead in the promotion of indigenous fabrics is set to expand the scope by adopting new strategies to empower local fabric producers and fashion designers in the country. This development was made known by the Director-General, Otunba Segun Runsewe, when he received a delegation from Bridge Concepts, led by its leader, Congress man Bimbo Daramola. Speaking during the visit, Mr Daramola noted that the group was in NCAC to collaborate with the Council on his idea, “The fabrics of Nigeria,” which will see the elevation of indigenous fabrics to global prominence. “We intend to bring all the fabrics of Nigeria like adire, ankara, etc to global limelight just as we also came to commend the DG NCAC, who has always demonstrated a midas touch everywhere he has been, starting from the National Orientation Agency (NOA) to the Nigerian Tourism Development Corporation (NTDC) and now, NCAC, with excellent performance recorded all through.” Don’t go to Supreme Court, Buhari organisation urges Atiku He commended Chief Runsewe for his initiative in using local fabrics for playing golf, saying the idea was innovative and has gained international traction. He as well lauded the DG NCAC for his strong campaign against characters like Bobrisky, whose unwholesome appearance negates the cultural identity of Nigeria. Dubai Tourism CEO to lead 22 delegates to Nigeria for AfTM Ooni of Ife first to receive Africa Travel 100 Global… Xenophobic attack: Travel agents, tour operators in West… The Gambia returns to tourism marketing in Lagos, appoints… The former parliamentarian who established the Public Relations outfit 22 years ago, recalled that the company designed the logo used at the 2003 Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Abuja with Runsewe responsible for its huge success especially in publicity. “The fabrics of Nigeria project seek to get all stakeholders on board, including global players because the industry is a low hanging fruit. Without fabrics and garments, there is no fashion, even President Buhari is a product of the fabrics industry. Nigeria will again stamp its presence in international platforms,” says Congressman, Daramola. He concluded by soliciting for the government’s buy-in and NCAC support going forward. On his part, Runsewe said he had always nursed the idea of popularising Nigerian fabrics as evidenced in the adire bags, shoes, backpacks and pouches which the council currently produces in partnership with local manufacturers. The DG expressed commitment to the idea proposed by Bridge Concepts recalling his introduction of “Nigeria dress culture” in 2010 using purely made in Nigeria fabrics to encourage the industry and create jobs for Nigerians. He further assured of his support by creating a workable template that will project the Nigerian dress culture across board, saying, “we will start with a joint press briefing where all media personalities in attendance will wear local fabrics on the day. “We have already set up NCAC tailoring centres across Nigeria and with this collaboration, we shall achieve three things; build capacity, employ more Nigerians and create wealth,” Runsewe stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!