The Ogun State Police Command has arrested three self-acclaimed clerics who have been swindling unsuspecting members of the public as well as forcefully having carnal knowledge of their female victims. The suspects: Aliu Abdufatai; Sule Adebayo and Lekan Olokodana were arrested following a report by one of the victims, who reported them to the Police at the Adigbe Station, in Abeokuta, that she was swindled by the “clerics” of the sum of N70, 000 and that one raped her. In a statement by the Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi,  said the complainant, a real estate agent, became a victim of the syndicate when they (suspects) indicated interest in patronising her by buying expanse of land with her company. ALSO READ: Supermarket attendant in court for allegedly stealing N1.7m FG raises inter-agency task force on N5TRN AMCON debt… Ethiopian PM, Tinubu, win African Democracy Awards African countries set action plan for medicine traceability Don’t allow Ajaokuta steel industry die ― Activist… The PPRO said the suspects lied to their victim that she was under spell and would need special prayers. They were said to have fraudulently collected the money from her while one of them slept with her without her consent. It was on the strength of her complaint that the DPO Adigbe Division, CSP Augustine Opadile, detailed his detectives to go after the hoodlums and bring them to justice. Their efforts paid off when three amongst them were apprehended while waiting for the victim to bring the money they demanded, and one of them escaped. On interrogation, they confessed being fraudsters and that one of them had used proceeds of their fraudulent act to build a private school in Ikorodu, Lagos State. The State Commissioner of Police, CP Bashir Makama, had ordered a full-scale investigation into the activities of these hoodlums with the view to charging them to court as soon as possible. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!