Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has called for a review of the country’s education curriculum so that it can meet international standards and adequately respond to the challenges the nation is facing. The Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Yinka Oyebode in a statement on Sunday said Fayemi stated this while speaking at a lecture commemorating 110th Founder’s Day of King’s College, Lagos at the weekend. The Governor said there should be a shift from the curriculum which is aimed at producing certificated individuals rather than individuals who can contribute practically to the development of the country. Dr.Fayemi whose keynote address was titled “The Promise of Kings College and the Development of Nigeria: Stakeholders in Partnership with Government for Better outcomes in the Education sector” also called for the restoration of merit over quota system in the admission of students into legacy schools across the country. In attendance at the lecture were prominent Nigerians and old boys of the school, including the Emir of Kano, Alhaji Mohammadu Sanusi II. ALSO READ: Insecurity: Gani Adams drums up support for Lagos CP, pays courtesy visit Polaris Bank commits to climate action, sustainability Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Dignitaries honour Kashamu at mother’s funeral Nigerian youths must engage in vocational skills ― Digital… The Governor commended the legacy schools, especially King’s College, for “producing leaders who are contributing to national development.” He also called on all stakeholders to work together to re-invent the days when the nation’s education system produced men and women who are truly worthy in character and learning. “I can only imagine the immense pressure on school authorities during admission cycles. It is during such times that we see different lists of people seeking admission. This is a reflection of the decay in our society and the gradual relegation of meritocracy in favour of other considerations. “It is possible for the King’s College community to show leadership by leading the country back to the path of meritocracy, where your admission is solely a function of your performance in an entrance examination ranked amongst your peers. “We must bring back the days that every common citizen could access such institutions as King’s College without knowing anybody. If you don’t qualify to enter a school, simply apply to the next available school. While the promotion of the federal quota system is not out of place for a diversified country as Nigeria, merit should not be sacrificed on the altar of such arrangements,” he said. While urging stakeholders to examine the role of the school in national development, Dr Fayemi said government at all levels must build more schools to cater for the rising number of students and curb overloading existing schools beyond their capacity. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!