As Nigeria continues to be faced with challenges, heads of religious bodies in the country have been charged to always evolve ways of fostering the nation’s unity. Presiding Bishop of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries, Ibadan, Oyo State, Francis Wale Oke, gave the charge on Friday in a statement while congratulating the Primate-elect of the Church of Nigeria, Anglican Communion, Most Revd Henry Ndukuba. According to him, it has become imperative for clerics across various religious divides to always say and do things that could unify the nation and its people instead of things that could lead to crisis. CAC sets seven-year target for capacity expansion Ogundare appeals to govt on security Anglican Church building at Ibabu dedicated South African returnees get financial aid, succour from… He admonished that religious bodies and those steering their wheels equally have great responsibilities trusted upon them in making sure things do not go awry in the land. “The project Nigeria,should primarily be the concern of all and as such, we, the heads of religious bodies, have roles to play by always urging our followers to always be law-abiding. Without peace, nothing physical, emotional, mental and spiritual could be achieved” said the Bishop. While further felicitating Most Reverend Ndukuba, Oke urged him to strive in taking the church to an enviable height by placing much emphasis on soul-winning. In the same vein, the bishop, who is also the National Deputy President of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), commended the outgoing primate of the church, Most Reverend, Nicholas Okoh, for his achievements while in the saddle, praying for God’s continuous grace on him. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/