THE Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) has faulted claims by the umbrella body of the electricity distribution companies (DisCos), Association of Nigerian Electricity Distributors (ANED) on load rejection. It insisted that the DisCos have not been off-taking the quantity of power allocated to them under the Multi-Year Tariff Order, leading to increased unutilised power. The commission, in a statement issued by the General Manager, Corporate Communications, Mrs. Ndidi Mba accused the DisCos of misinterpreting the load analysis. “The Association of Nigerian Electricity Distributors (ANED), regaled the nation on Monday, 16th September 2019, with wholesale falsehood by deliberately subtly inferring that there is no load rejection by Discos and that TCN has not been able to deliver the volume of power demanded daily by each Disco. “On simple examination of the ANED’s publication, TCN came to the conclusion that ANED is deliberately out to deceive the good people of Nigeria with misanalysis of a simple data set,” the statement partly reads. ALSO READ: Oyo lawmaker slammed over involvement in transport union activities Polaris Bank commits to climate action, sustainability Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Dignitaries honour Kashamu at mother’s funeral Keystone Bank promotes climate action, sustainability… According to TCN, the DisCos usually do not take the total power allocated to them from the MYTO. “Take for instance Kano Disco, on the 22nd of August, 2019, Kano Disco nominated to take 310.60MW while the MYTO allocation to Kano Disco was 359.38MW,” it stated. The Commission further explained that Multi-Year Tariff Order (MYTO) allocation is a percentage of electricity on the grid that is made available to all the Discos. However, it said Discos day ahead nomination is what the Discos say they can off-take out of the MYTO allocation for the next day, while actual consumption is what they eventually take from the available MYTO allocation at the TCN/Discos points. “For Kano Disco, even though it was nominated to take 310.60MW, it was able to actually off-take only 154.17MW, leaving a total of 205.21MW representing 57.10% of MYTO allocation to it unutilised. “On the same day, Kaduna Disco on the other hand, requested 280.00MW while MYTO allocation to them, was 359.38MW, but the Discos actually collected only 166.52MW from TCN substations, leaving 192.86MW equivalent to 53.66% of MYTO allocation unutilised. “TCN is working assiduously to put in place a robust transmission grid. We would be the first to say that we have not solved all our problems, but we are certainly doing all we can to consistently grow the grid as well as our capacity to move more power to electricity distribution companies nationwide. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!