The people of oil rich  Ilaje Local Government Area of Ondo State, have commended the oil giant, Chevron Nigeria Limited, (CNL) for identifying and providing solution to the major health challenge facing the people of the area. Speaking on behalf of the people, Chairman of the Amalgamation of Ilaje Ugbo Coastal Communities Association (AMAICOMMA),Mr Pius Orisabinone, during a town hall meeting said all arrangements had been completed by CNL to construct a N200m ultra modern hospital for women and children in the oil producing area of Ilaje Orisabinone who said the project would be cited in Ode Ugbo, said “the essence of this meeting is to brief our people on how far we have gone and what we are planning to do. We have built walk-ways and jetties from which over 40 communities have benefitted. “We also have Mother and Child Hospital coming on the way. It is going to be a world-class hospital and over N200 million has been set aside for it,” Orisabinone, who said that the project would start soon, expressed optimism that the project would be completed and inaugurated before the end of the first quarter of 2020. ALSO READ: Oil producing communities in Ondo decry neglect He added that the fund for the project was already available, saying that all major stakeholders such as Chevron, the State Government and AMAICOMMA were aware of the plan and ready for it. 500 residents benefit medical, surgical intervention in… Beware of toxic ingredients in cosmetics, personal care… ‘We have problem with family planning budget in Nigeria’ Why 57.4 per cent of children’s brain in Oyo is compromised “We do not have issue of funding; it is already available and nothing can stop the project because we have signed the tripartite agreement. “The community driven project will go a long way in tackling health problems in our locality. “We are putting an end to the frequent death of our people in the course of transit to receive medical treatment in Ondo and Akure towns. he said The chairman promised that accessing health-care services in the hospital when completed would be highly affordable, saying that its workforce would also benefits indigenes of the area. Orisabinone called on the Federal Government and the international communities to rescue Ayetoro, a town in the area, that was being affected by sea flooding. According to him, the challenge is beyond the community and the state government. Also speaking, Mrs Busola Babalola, the Programme Manager of Participatory Partnership for Community Development (PPCD), Warri, said that PPCD had been able to carry out capacity building programme through AMAICOMMA. Babalola, who noted that PPCD was funded by Chevron, added that PPCD’s major roles were to enlighten, mentor and carry out resource mobilisation programmes for oil producing areas in Nigeria. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!