Members of the proscribed Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN) in Sokoto State has urged Police and Sokoto state government against political interference in handling religious issues. Speaking while addressing a press conference in Sokoto on Monday, the State Leader of the group which is popularly called Shi’ites, Sheikh Sidi Mainasara, disclosed that his members were concerned with statements made by the Commissioner of Police. He said the Commissioner pleaded with Sokoto government to assist law enforcement agents on handling proscribed IMN members in the state. He, however, advised Sokoto government to emulate other states on their cautious moves,  refrain from all confrontations and urge police authorities in their domains against incessant harassments and physical destruction of property of their members. ALSO READ: Keeping Nigeria one must be achieved, Makinde tasks police The IMN leader explained that in 2007, the then government in Sokoto state used political thugs and police to destroyed more than 200 shops, houses and worship centres belonging to IMN members in the state. He recalled that police have also arrested 104 persons and apprehended their vehicles and other valuables where after series of prosecutions Court discharged and acquitted suspects on all the charges. He said, “our members instituted a separate case in court where compensation has been demanded which is still hanging on police authorities neck. ”We understand that the present moves by the Commissioner have political undertone and it is dangerous to peaceful coexistence. Nigeria@59: Fintiri pardons 18 prisoners to mark… Independence: Ondo govt commutes seven death sentence to… Nigeria@59: Gbajabiamila tasks Nigerians on unity, prayers… Army needs spiritual help to defeat Boko Haram ― Buratai ”In the history of religious ideologies, confrontation with groups has not been a solution” Mainasara said. He added that IMN members in Sokoto are peace-loving people with no record of all forms of unrest for years while practising their religious rights peacefully. ”Nigerian constitution guarantees our rights to practice our religion. ”In Sokoto, we encountered a peculiar situation where some politicians during campaigns canvassed for votes with the promise of manhandling IMN members” He condemned such action which he described as uncivilised and could only lead to unrest as IMN members have public sympathy, as well as their population, constitute some political change power. ”Over 30 years we are conducting our activities in Sokoto, we are indigenes and all the properties the group used were from their little contributions and personal donations”  Mainasara added. He further enjoined Police as well as other authorities to be law-abiding as the court is there entertaining cases on various issues and has judicial powers by the constitution to give decisions pertaining to all matters. TribuneOnline recalled that Sokoto State Commissioner of Police, CP Ibrahim Sani Kaoje, had on Sept. 13, called on the state government to proscribed Shi’ites to avoid the emergence of groups akin to Boko Haram. In a chat with Journalist, the Commissioner positioned that there is no compulsion in religion, thus nobody should hide under the cover of religion to disturb the peace and infringe on other people rights. The State Police Command has arrested and paraded eight members of banned IMN for alleged public disturbance in the state on Sept. 10, during outlawed Ashura procession. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.