THE Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Federation, Mr  Abubakar Malami has said that the Federal government under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari surely provide free access to justice and a better life for the downtrodden Nigerians. Speaking in Lokoja, Kogi State on Friday at the opening ceremony of two -day retreat themed  “Repositioning Legal  Aid Council for better service delivery” he stated that the retreat is coming at a time when the country needs to ensure that every Nigerians has unhindered access to justice. He explained that the Legal Aid Council has a lot of roles to play and as such needs to be well repositioned for the task ahead. The Attorney General of Federation added that one of the services that could be provided to the people is the unhindered access to justice of which legal Aid Council stands for. Local singer arrested for allegedly criticising Ganduje… Yam festival: Angry youths on rampage over refusal of… Obasanjo, Anyaoku, Sanwo-Olu, others task Africa leaders on… Gov Bello unveils Free Healthcare Initiative in Kogi State “As you are aware, the council was established 1976 with progumlation of Legal Aid decree NO 56  with the mandate to handle criminal matters. With the passage of time and upsurge of civil matters,  the act was repealed in 2011 wherein the mandate of the Council was expanded to cover both criminal and civil matters. This has in no small measure enable the council to cover substantial ground in the administration of Justice in the country”, the Attorney General said. Earlier his address, the  Director-General, Legal Aid Council, Abubakar Aliyu explained that Legal Aid Council has a long history spanning over 40 years of service to the indigent Nigerians, stressing the place of the council in the administration of justice can not be overemphasized. “Together with other key stakeholders such as the Nigerian Police Force, Nigerian Correctional Service and with support of our parent Ministry, we have been able to achieve some level of success in the discharge of our mandate as contained in enabling Act,” he stressed. Also speaking the Chief Judge of Kogi State, Justice Nasiru Ajanah commended the Legal Aid Council of Nigeria for their role in the administration of justice Kogi state. Justice Ajanah noted that the Council had always been part of Correctional Centres decongestion exercise, saying that judiciary will continue to partner with Legal Aid Council. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!