THE Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has said that cybercrime is highly inimical to  the socio-economy of individuals and the nation in general, hence the need for telecommunications service providers to evolve measures toward safeguarding their  customers from the dubious activities of  cybercrime. This is just as the deputy director, Consumer Affairs Bureau,  Alhaji Ismail Adedigba, reiterates that the realision of the liberalisation of the telecoms industry has led to an unprecedented increase in the usage of internet-based solution  and services. Making the statement recently, the NCC Director, Consumer Affairs, Mrs Felicia Onwuegbuchalam, in her address at the 52nd edition of Consumer Town hall meeting, held at the Institute for Information Technology in Kura, Kano State, expressed displeasure over the alarming increase of cybercrime in the country. She said: ‘’There is no doubt that cybercrime is on the increase and it is my sincere hope that each of the service providers will demonstrate clearly to the their esteemed customers measures that they have put in place on their various networks, as well as the role they think their customers should play toward safeguarding them from the effects of cybercrime.” Onwuegbuchalam, who was represented by her deputy, Alhaji Ismaila Adedigba, said the Commission was committed to using its various outreach programmes to embark on series of awareness campaigns, with a view to keeping consumers well informed on the risks associated with being in line, enlightenining them on the safety measures to be taken once they use connected devices, as simple as feature phone, smart phones and other more sophisticated internet-enabled devices. The town hall meeting, with the theme ‘Mitigating Effects of Cybercrimes: The Role of Telecom Consumers,’ enumerated that the Commission is one of the most effective ways to protect telecom consumers from the effects of cybercrimes and through continuous consumer education and awareness. According to her, ‘’’The Commission has embarked on various initiatives to increase access to the internet to Nigerians for positive engagements, we are nevertheless, conscious of dishonest individuals, who are bent on using the internet for illegal activities.’’ NATCOMS urges telecoms operators to enlighten subscribers on… NIMC to extend NIN enrolment to Austria, Germany NCC records 271,112 complaints in four years —Danbatta Anambra govt trains 10,000 teachers to fight cyber crime She noted that consumers remain important stakeholders in the current cyberspace, where individuals and corporate users of telecoms often make use of the internet in the connected world, as such, the Commission believes that without consumers becoming aware of cybercrime trends and making efforts to ensure safe use of connected devices, cybercriminals will continue to make cyber space unsafe. “Since we started organising these events some years back, we have treated different thematic topics, which have produced key resolutions that have been communicated to service providers for implementation.” “Indeed, this has helped to guaranteed improved services and value for money spent on telecoms services for the Consumers and as such telecoms consumers have been the ultimate beneficiaries of the event over the years,’’ she stated. She, however, enjoined  participants to take full advantage of the occasion to be well informed and educated on how they can be protected in the cyber space as telecoms consumers. Adedigba disclosed that the NCC  has initiated a process to establish an Internet Industry Code of Practice  for service providers in the country . The Internet Code is a regulatory intervention expected to ensure the country ‘s cyber space against imminent threat from cyber attackers as well addressing issues such as online child protection ,privacy and data protection among others. “Let me emphasis at this juncture that while the regulatory intervention and other initiatives are on-going to sensitise our i the4 nternet space, telecoms consumers must play their role, thus the need for you all to take this meeting seriously, as we educate you on what your roles, should be in minimising the effect of cybercrine, “ he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...