The Federal government has tasked Magistrates across the country to conduct periodic oversight of police stations or other places of detention so as to uncover cases of human rights violation in various detention centers. The task was given at the opening of a two-day workshop of the Federal Justice Sector Reform Coordinating Committee for the southeast geo-political zone on the implementation of sections 29, 33 and 34 of the Administration of Criminal Justice Act (ACJA), 2015 in Owerri, Imo State. A statement from the Ministry of Justice said the Solicitor General of the Federation and Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Justice, Dayo Apata (SAN), who is the Chairman of the Committee, noted that it has become imperative for magistrates to conduct the oversight on detention centers as a way of addressing prison congestion and cases of abuse allegedly taking place in detention centers across the country. ALSO READ: Impeachment: Transcript confirms Trump asked Ukraine to probe Biden Nigeria@59: Fintiri pardons 18 prisoners to mark… Independence: Ondo govt commutes seven death sentence to… Nigeria@59: Gbajabiamila tasks Nigerians on unity, prayers… Army needs spiritual help to defeat Boko Haram ― Buratai The workshop, which was attended by magistrates, legal practitioners, and various security agencies including the police, prisons officials, Civil Defense and officials of the Department of State Security  (DSS), aimed at reforming the criminal justice administration and promotion of the rule of law. The exercise was the aftermath of the validation and adoption of the report of the 2018 workshop, which saw the need to train those saddled with the responsibility of implementing the ACJA. The provisions of the identified sections were also explained to the participants. According to Apata, the magistrate has the right to direct the police station on the arraignment of suspects, advise on bail and grant bail where necessary, work towards improving public perception of security agencies and compliant with ACJA provisions as well as promote accountability and transparency in criminal justice administration. Apata nevertheless expressed appreciation to Governor of Imo State, Emeka Ihedioha for hosting the workshop, as well as stakeholders and development partners for their support and collective effort at reforming the justice system. Addressing the gathering,  Ihedioha who was represented by his Deputy, Engr. Gerald Irona, expressed appreciation to the Federal government for the collaboration, saying it would enhance justice delivery for the common good of the citizenry. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.