The Managing Director/CEO of the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), Hadiza Bala Usman has warned that Nigeria’s ports are currently running out of space due to increasing numbers of overtime cargoes in the various port terminals. This is even as the NPA MD explained that lack of deep seaports, high cost of tariff and policies of government on some banned products are the major reasons cargo diversion still persist in Nigerian ports. Responding to questions raised by stakeholders at the recentlyconcluded third Maritime Stakeholders Interactive Forum held in Lagos, the NPA Chief Executive Officer appealed to the Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi to begin discussion with the management of the Nigerian Customs Service (NCS) over the prompt removal of the huge numbers of overtime cargoes at the ports. According to Hajia Hadiza Bala Usmna, “We currently have huge volumes of overtime cargoes in our ports terminals. The last time an auction was done was in early 2015. We have written severally to the NCS over these overtime cargoes. The Customs mentioned that they will need to pull the overtime cargoes from the port terminals to Ikorodu for auction, but we have told them that there is what is called ‘On the spot auction’. “It is important for the Customs to go and auction on the spot because the port terminals are filled to the brim with overtime cargoes, and there are no more space for business. This constitute a very huge challenge to our port system and I will appeal to the Honourable Minister to help prevail on the NCS over this.” N6.9 billion fraud: Fayose’s trial to begin October 21 REVEALED: Why terrorism is spreading in Nigeria, West Africa… Two arrested for allegedly stealing electronic cable BREAKING: Makinde’s election as Oyo gov upheld in… On cargo diversion, Hadiza Bala Usman explained that, “Somebody talked about cargo diversion rocking Nigeria’s port, but in reality, those cargoes being diverted are items that are banned or have high tariff in Nigeria. Items that are banned are typically diverted to our neighbouring countries and then smuggled into Nigeria because it is difficult for anybody to bring in banned items through Nigeria’s ports. “Another challenge that leads to cargo diversion in Nigeria has to do with the absence of deep seaports. Very large vessels cannot come and berth at our ports because depth of draft of about 17metres does not exist in Nigerian waterways. What we have in Nigeria is a maximum of 13metres, so very large vessels cannot come into our ports and berth. Due to this, these very large vessels go to our neighbouring countries to berth, and then smaller vessels are brought in to offload them. “I heard somebody asking questions as to why we cannot dredge our ports further to accommodate these very large vessels. As we all know, our ports are river ports and their channels cannot be dredged further from 13 metres to 17 metres. The design and depths of our quays are within those limits of the 13 metres draft. “What we need to do is to facilitate and conclude the deep seaports being proposed within a timely manner. That is what will bring our ports into a competitive state within the sub-region. Our ports are currently not competitive because the trend now is to bring in very large vessels in-view of economy of scale. So, it’s not an issue of further dredging that is making our ports uncompetitive, it’s an issue of having deep seaports.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!