Deplorable and nightmarish Benin-Warri highway shut down for palliative repairs has been reopened for use by motorists. The Delta State government made the announcement late Friday. The Benin/Warri road had been earlier shut for the state government to effect repairs on the bad sections of the highway. In a statement by the State Commissioner for Information, Mr Charles Aniagwu, on Friday, the government said the reopening was as a result of its promise that the road would be ready for use before Saturday. He regretted the sufferings road users had passed through owing to the failed portions of the road. Aniagwu said with the reopening, the state government had fulfilled her promise to the people of the state and commuters plying the road connecting four oil-producing states. He commended the contractor handling the reconstruction works, Obakpor J.U. Construction, for its commitment and sacrifice in ensuring early re-opening of the road. Tribunal nullifies PDP lawmaker’s election in Oyo,… Tribunal dismisses three petitions, affirms Ihedioha’s… We’ll make Nigeria’s GDP largest in Sub-Saharan… Fire guts WHO storage facility in Osogbo ALSO READ: Police arrest 75-year-old man for defiling 5-year-old girl in Enugu “As earlier promised, the Okowa led administration has continued to show concern for the pains road users had to go through on account of the deplorable condition of the road. “It is to the glory of God that we announce the re-opening of the road today Friday, September 20 as against the Saturday we earlier promised. “This is in fulfilment of our avowed commitment to ameliorate the sufferings of road users that have been stuck there for almost two weeks. “I must commend the contractors Obakpor J. U. Construction for their resilience and sacrifice to deliver on target. “The State Government commends Deltans and other road users for their patience and cooperation while the road remained closed. “Work will now commence on the other side of the road effective tomorrow.” the statement further noted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!