The Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Command of the Nigeria Police Force, NPF on Thursday launched multiple channels of communication towards ensuring accountability and quality Service delivery by its personnel to the members of the public. Speaking at the unveiling of the Public Awareness of Campaign to Stakeholders on Policing Accountability Units held in Abuja in conjunction with a Non- Governmental Organization, Nigeria Policing Programme, NPP , the Commissioner of Police in charge of the Command, CP Bala Ciroma called on the members of the public to avail themselves with the various channels in seeking redress in their grievances against Police Personnel in the Command. The Commissioner of Police who was represented by the Deputy Commissioner of Police, Administration in the Command, DCP Sola Okediji, charged members of the public to always bring up cases against individuals and Police personnel to the Police Complaints Bureau for easy dispensation of justice He pointed out that the Command in a bid to address complaints by the public opened up various units that normally receive and attend to such complaints against the conduct of Police personnel and other members of the public and treat them with dispatch ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/police-establish-100-area-commands-across-country-%e2%80%95dig/ Police discover house with over 300 chained inmates in… DSS yet to get court order on Sowore — Spokesman Reps set up ad-hoc committee to probe N5 trillion crude… Reps reject motion seeking deregistration of political… He listed some of the complaints units to include the Public Complaints Bureau, the Servicom Unit, the Provost Unit, the CP’s Mentoring and monitoring team, and Gender Desk Unit which are established in all the Police Area Commands and the 39 Police Divisional Headquarters in the Command. He gave out the following phone numbers through which the members of the public could easily reach the Police in the Command on a 24-hour basis to lay their grievances to include Co: 08032003913, 08061581938, 07057337653 and 08028940883 ( control Room lines) Facilitators in charge of the various units also spoke on the need for the members of the public to report cases of violation of their rights such as assault, molestation, deferment of minor, rape and trafficking amongst to the appropriate units of the Police Force for immediate action. The unveiling ceremony was anchored by a retired Assistant Inspector-General AIG Austin Ewa (rtd) who said that the awareness became necessary to ensure that the Police is accountable to the public in terms of prompt service delivery to the members of the public. Earlier in his remarks, the NPP Team leader, Mr David Ogunleye was being launched to ensure quick Service delivery in the Command with a promise that the materials on access to the Policing accountability would be made available in the Area Commands, Divisional Headquarters and Police out Post in the Command. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.