President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday in New York advocated action against social media to prevent it from causing chaos in the world. In his statement during the general debate at the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA), he also served notice to the world that P&IB would not be allowed to scam Nigeria of billions of Naira as he stated his government’s resolve to tackle corruption. He praised the world body for electing a Nigerian, Professor Tijjani Mohammed-Bande as its 74th President. He said: “The world was shocked and startled by the massacre in New Zealand by a lone gunman taking the lives of 50 worshippers. “This and similar crimes which have been fuelled by social media networks risk seeping into the fabric of an emerging digital culture. “Major tech companies must be alive to their responsibilities. They cannot be allowed to continue to facilitate the spread of religious, racist, xenophobic and false messages capable of inciting whole communities against each other, leading to loss of many lives. This could tear some countries apart. “Organised criminal networks, often acting with impunity across international borders present new challenges where only collective action can deliver genuine results. “This is true in the battle against violent extremism, against trafficking in people and drugs and against corruption and money laundering.” Following a London court ruling in August which granted Process and Industrial Developments Ltd (P&ID), the right to attempt to seize some $9 billion in assets from the Nigerian government over the gas project, President Buhari told the world leaders that it would not be allowed to happen. He affirmed that his administration was tackling the challenges of corruption head-on, adding: “We are giving notice to international criminal groups by the vigorous prosecution of the P&ID scam attempting to cheat Nigeria of billions of dollars.” Speaking under the General Assembly’s theme of “Galvanising multilateral efforts for poverty eradication, quality education, climate action and inclusion,” President Buhari observed that as the world grows richer, there are regrettable signals in the World Economic and Political Order. According to him, millions in Africa and around the world remain in abject poverty while the world is witnessing a backlash against multilateralism in the shape of the rising tide of racism, xenophobia, resurgent nationalism, populism and tendencies towards protectionism and unilateralism. “The pristine principles of the United Nations appear threatened,” he declared. He added: “On cessation of hostilities after World War II, the United States in one of the greatest selfless undertakings in history decided to revive Europe through the Marshall Plan and uplift and restore Japan economically. This generous policy catalysed a great economic revival globally. “This action of the United States not only benefited Europe and Japan but the United States as well through vastly improved trade and cross investments. “The United States and Europe have become friends and allies since the end of the war. The United States and Japan have also become friends and allies since the end of the war. This example can be replicated with respect to Africa. “A developed Africa will not be antagonistic to industrialised countries but will become friends and partners in prosperity, security and development. A prosperous Africa will mean greater prosperity for the rest of the world. A poor Africa will be a drag on the rest of the world. Is this what the international community wants? OYC sets date to honour, mourn departed Igbo youths Climate crisis: Grassroots movements blame oil… Jigawa Assembly suspends principal officers over alleged… Protesters storm Lagos Assembly, demand probe of Ambode “A coordinated multilateral effort should be set in motion to utilise and maximise the use of the enormous resources on the African continent for the benefit of all nations. Investing partners will be able to recoup their investments manifold over time. “Current attempts to help develop Africa by industrial countries are un-coordinated and plainly incremental. We have the skills, the manpower and the natural resources, but in many instances, we lack the capital – hence my plea for industrial countries to take a long-term view of Africa, come and partner with us to develop the continent for the benefit of all. “Africa charges you with the singular task of initiating the effort we are calling for. The United Nations has in place processes for promoting collective action to combat global threats. No threat is more potent than poverty and exclusion. ALSO READ: PDP demands investigation into alleged N90bn FIRS scandal “They are the foul source from which common criminality, insurgency, cross-border crimes, human trafficking and its terrible consequences draw their inspiration. “Poverty in all its manifestations remains one of the greatest challenges facing our world. Its eradication is an indispensable requirement for achieving sustainable development. In this regard, Nigeria has developed a National Social Investment Programme – a pro-poor scheme that targets the poorest and most vulnerable households in the country. “Under this initiative, easy access to financial services are facilitated to our traders, artisans, market women and co-operative societies. This type of initiative can help lessen and eventually eliminate mass poverty in Africa. “At the core of our efforts to build an inclusive society, our programmes are focused on youth and women empowerment. These programmes aim at ensuring women and youth participation in governance, industry, climate action and agriculture.” Buhari noted that violence and the threat of conflict had continued to blight the lives of too many people from Asia to the Middle East, Africa to South America. He added: “Our own country is no exception. Nigeria is a nation of nearly 200 million people of diverse groups. Our diversity is our source of strength which is why in elections this year, our people backed the politics of tolerance, inclusion and community over the politics of protest and division. “Our election promises emphasised political stability, freedom and prosperity, tackling poverty, schooling our young and providing them with the tools to build better lives. We are placing special emphasis on the role of women in our female gender advancement programmes. “Our progress and delivery are deliberate, purposeful and measured. We clearly appreciate there are no quick fixes to complex challenges. “In particular, the challenge of education in Africa is enormous. On December 3rd 2018, the General Assembly adopted Resolution 73/25 that proclaimed 24 January of every year as International Day of Education. The Resolution which was spearheaded by Nigeria and co-sponsored by 58 other member states marked a watershed in the recognition of the fundamental role of education in building modern societies. “To ensure access to education for all, our Government has introduced the Home Grown School Feeding Programme to address the challenge of out-of-school and forced-out-of-school children. “This social intervention programme, Mr President, is aimed at encouraging increased school enrolment through provision of free school meals. The benefits extend beyond the school environment. In addition, we have introduced mainstreaming and implementation of Safe Schools Declaration laws and policies across all educational institutions in Nigeria.” In thanking the world body on the election of Mohammed-Bande, Buhari said his election is an honour bestowed on the government and people of Nigeria. “Nigerians are truly grateful and shall endeavour to live up to the expectations and responsibilities thrust upon us,” he stated. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!