Uganda Tourism Board (UTB) in collaboration with Ugandan Tour Operators will be presenting the country’s top tourist attractions to Nigerian travel trade at the 15th Akwaaba African Travel Market 2019. Uganda with a rich unspoiled nature, cultural and historical African religious heritage has lined up tourism experts from the tourism board and tour operators to market and promote its tourists potential to the West Africa market at the ‘Uganda Day’ on September 22, at 2:00pm and at the expo schedule to commence September 22 -24 at Eko Hotel and Suites, Lagos. M/East to realise tourism market value  of $133.6bn by 2028,… NCPC reduces pilgrimage fare, seals deals with handlers Runsewe lauds Air Peace boss for rescuing stranded Nigerians… NCAC takes cultural fabric promotion to next level Report claiming ‘Buhari directs Osinbajo to seek approvals for agencies’ false ― Aide, Laolu Akande Uganda is a landlocked country in East Africa whose diverse landscape straddles the equator with Lake Victoria (world’s 2nd largest lake) forming part of its southern border. It is from the same lake that River Nile, the world’s longest river, starts its (4,258 miles)journey at Jinja 80km east Kampala. According to statement from Uganda’s tourism board “Very many wonderful things have been said about Uganda by various authors and travellers who have had the chance to visit, some talk about the charming weather natural resources, rich culture and history while others talk about the lovely people whose hospitality is unmatched. “Uganda is the land of martyrs in Africa; this religious story is summarised in the Uganda Martyrs trail. The trail, is an extra-ordinary journey of faith that literally gets in the footsteps of the first Christian missionaries and converts as they walked through Uganda preaching, teaching, healing and transforming lives –finally the places of their martyrdom.” Its abundant wildlife includes the ‘BIG 5’as well as a home to 1,072 bird species includes some of the world’s rarest birds. Visit the world’s Heritage site of Bwindi Impenetrable National Park, a renowned mountain gorilla tracking life changing experience. The white sands of Ssese Island, one of Uganda’s greatest and uncrowned beaches known for its tranquility that creates a perfect never –ending honey moon experience located in Uganda’s portion of Lake Victoria.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!