Anambra Sector Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), has warned the tricycle operators, popularly known as Keke Napapp and other road users across the country, to avoid reckless driving on the major roads as the yuletide seasons drown nearer. The State Sector Commander, Mr Andrew Ayodele Kumapayi, gave the warning during a sensitisation workshop organized by the leadership of Commercial Tricycle Owner and Riders Welfare Association, Nigeria (CTORWAAS), Anambra state chapter, with the Theme: ” Road Safety and Security ” held at Aguata local government headquarters, on Friday. According to Kumapayi, who was represented by the Sector Public Relations Officer, Route Commander Pascal Anigbo, explained that most of the motorists especially transporters are fond of risking their lives with overloading and speeding on highways which ought not to be so, but because of the financial gains attached to Christmas and new year celebrations. ALSO READ: LAWMA female sweepers get commendation(O Kumapayi, however, maintained that apart from motorists, the commuters equally contribute to the road mishap because most of them fail to obey the FRSC rules and regulations of the road. Now, we are in the ember months, and this is a season when motorist and commuters need to take maximum caution while plying the roads with innocent lives and properties to different destinations. “We have been sensitizing the drivers’ unions, Okada (motorcycle) unions, and other road users, that overloading and over speeding is prohibited and bad. He warned that any road user caught overspending, overloading and violating road traffic rules would be deal with. Rotary Club distributes free exercise books to pupils in… Nigeria makes World Bank’s list for top-20 ‘improvers… Task Force raids Lagos brothel, nabs 14 suspects with… Nigerian governors storm New York for SDGs “As a road safety officer, we always educate them that while ‎they are on the road, they should use their seat belts and believe that all other road users include parents are insane. He urged them to always ensure that they are extraordinarily careful while driving, as life has no duplicate. The state Commissioner for Transport, Dr. Christian Maduboko, in his advised charging the members of the association to always be patients with each other while struggling for their daily needs. ALSO READ: Truck driver docked for knocking down army corporal He assures them that the state government in collaboration with the FRSC, are working together to curb auto crashes and reduce the loss of lives on the road during this year yuletide. He noted that a lot of programme had been outlined by the dua to further sensitize drivers, motorist ‎, and commuters to prevent road crashes as the year runs to an end. The state chairman of the Association, Comrade Sylvester Obiora, while addressing his members and other participants on the issue of driving license, driver’s permit and overpayment of daily fees, among others, appreciated the state governor, Chief Willie Obiano, in the area of security compared to previous administrations. He cautions them not to be conflicting the Union issues with the state government, as the Union under his leadership, would ensure that all the challenges concerning their welfare are looked upon by the appropriate authority. One of the operators, Mr. Ukwaegbe Chukwuma, who frowned over what he described as negligence on the part of the state government and the leadership of the Union, appealed to the commissioner of transport, to help them utilized the N450 daily fees they are paying on their welfare SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.