GOVERNOR Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has ordered the immediate commencement of construction work on the new RUGA settlements in the state. Matawalle issued the directive on Saturday in Gusau, the state capital, after receiving the new RUGA master plan from the project consultant, Mr Emmanuel Ozigi. “This project which is going to be located in the three senatorial districts of the state, will be fully and jointly funded by the state government and the 14 local government areas of the state. Leah Sharibu is alive, communication still open with kidnappers ―… “It is also aimed at showcasing to the world that the peace process embarked on by this administration is working. It is also to show the appreciation of the state government to the Fulanis and its commitment to meeting the yearnings of the Fulanis. “The RUGA project will not only be beneficial to the Fulanis, but also to all citizens of the state as the derivable benefits are enormous and a way of boosting the economy of the state and its citizens,” he explained. New Lebanese wife of Gov Muhammed arrives Bauchi Nigerian Startup builds Anti-kidnap and Anti-theft gadget Christian leaders to members: Defend yourselves against… Get tougher on corrupt Nigerians, Buhari tells EFCC The governor said the required funds for the scheme had already been earmarked and set aside. Matawalle revealed that after the pilot scheme, which would commence on Tuesday, the Federal Government would come up with its own Ruga settlement programme in the state. He reiterated his earlier directive on contractors to source for all their materials and manpower locally “so that wealth can go round.” Earlier, the project consultant, who presented the master plan, said the project would include access roads, landscaping, grazing reserves, primary and secondary schools. Others are Islamiyya schools, mosques, hospitals, veterinaries, abattoir, social centres, dams and cemeteries. He said that derivable benefits of the project would also involve empowerment through shops and markets, milk, hides and skin production for export, police station and banks. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...