The Supervisor, Ministry of Works and Transport in Osun State, Engineer Remi Omowaiye, at the weekend stated that the government of Governor Gboyega Oyetola, is committed to the welfare of the aged people within the state, adding that the government will ensure that the aged enjoy their lives as they had done their best in various endeavours and should be allowed to have the good life they deserve. Omowaiye, who was the Commissioner for Innovation, Science and Technology under the Rauf Aregbesola administration made this known while appreciating the aged and elderly people of Ilesa West Local government and Ilesa West Central Local Council Development Area of the state where he empowered 100 people under the IleriOluwa Elderly Support Scheme. ALSO READ: Get tougher on corrupt Nigerians, Buhari tells EFCC He explained that giving back to the society has been a way of life for him over the years, adding that, “today’s exercise is not the first time I am empowering our senior citizens, I have been giving back to the people consistently over the last three years and thank God, I am not doing this because election is approaching, it is just my little way of showing appreciation to those who stood solidly with us during the last general elections. Yakassai blasts Ezeife over 2023 presidency 3 killed, dozens kidnapped as gunmen waylay 14-seater bus on… Reps Chief Whip Monguno fecilitates with Gov Zulum at 50 N100m concession agreement: Malami moves to avert another… “I am assuring our people that this will be a continuous programme. I shall also do more for our youths, women, traders and artisans, this will be followed by a free health mission for all electorates in our local government,” Omowaiye reiterated. The works supervisor eulogized governor Oyetola for his ingenuity and administrative prowess in the last nine months, his various intervention in health, education, road infrastructure, agriculture and security while he also expressed appreciation to Senator Fatai Buhari of Oyo North Senatorial district and the immediate past Minister of Health, Professor Isaac Adewole, for their pledge and commitment to supporting the scheme subsequently. Beneficiaries for the empowerment were collated from all the ten wards in the local government including returning members of the All Progressive Congress (APC) and members of parties that formed a coalition with the APC during the governorship supplementary election last year. The beneficiaries who were above 60 years of age thanked Omowaiye for the good gesture as each of them went home with cash, food items, clothing materials and cooking utensils. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...