The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila has commended the governor of Kano State, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje for the developmental strides he has so far achieved in the state. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Sunday by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Lanre Lasisi, the Speaker who was in Kano on a condolence visit over the demise of the father of a member of the House, Honourable Sha’aban Sharada, also offered the governor the partnership of the House to further develop the state. According to him, ” you have been a pillar of support and our prayer is that we will continue and jointly help and develop Kano State and Nigeria in general. “While paying condolence, let me also commend you on the great work you are doing in the state. Each time I come into Kano, I see for myself the footprints everywhere. I believe it behoves on us to commend you for the incredible work you are doing and hope that you continue to do same.” He condoled the government and people of the state on the death of Alhaji Ibrahim Sharada, whom he described as a father, an Islamic scholar and political leader. “We condole you from the House on the great loss to the people of Kano and to Nigeria.” Polaris Bank commits to climate action, sustainability Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Dignitaries honour Kashamu at mother’s funeral Nigerian youths must engage in vocational skills ― Digital… ALSO READ: Tell us your position on new minimum wage now, NLC tells FG While responding, Governor Ganduje thanked the Speaker for the love he has shown by coming to Kano for the condolence visit. He also thanked the Speaker for having a progressive relationship with the executive arm, saying that would take Nigeria to the next level. According to him, “I want to congratulate you for having a progressive relationship between the National Assembly and the Presidency. I think, in order to take Nigeria to the next level, this progressive relationship is very important. “We were just discussing about the budget. Government will soon send the budget, and I heard your comments on how soon that budget will be ready from the National Assembly. I think that is a progressive stand that you have taken. “I am sure, with that in your mind, you will do everything possible to see that all unnecessary obstacles are being removed for a smooth passage of our national budget.” The Speaker, who was received in the state by the majority leader of the House, Honourable Alhassan Ado Dogowa and other members of the House from the state, visited the family of late Alhaji Ibrahim Sharada and offered his prayers for the repose of his soul. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!