A social service and pressure group, “Jesus Armi” has lauded the announcement of the governors of the South-east geo-political zone, banning herders and cattle movement in the constituent states, saying it would check seeming plot to allegedly foist Emirs in Igboland. The group, however, said the action of the governor was reactive and belated, stressing that there was the urgent need for Igbo people to look for politicians of integrity to serve them in various leadership positions in order to intervene and act timely on their behalf as their leaders. Convener and Chief Servant of the MaryAnn Okpalaukwu-led Jesus Armi, made the statement during the “ Way Forward For Nigeria” outing in collaboration with Early Christian Ministries, Ofuma Kids Management Team, among others under the chairmanship of the National Chairman of the African Democratic Congress (ADC), Chief Ralphs Okey Nwosu, in Awka, on Monday. Okpalaezeukwu, a lawyer and human rights activist stated that the group has set machinery in motion to use prayer as a weapon of warfare to thwart what he described negative antics of cabals whose major interest he noted was on the domination of Southern Nigeria. ALSO READ: No hiding place for criminals in kano ― Ganduje First 100 days of Tinubu as gov is my most challenging… No hiding place for criminals in kano ― Ganduje PDP primaries: Bello receives Adamawa counterpart, Gov… Tennis player Mike Bryan fined $10,000 for US Open gun… He pointed out that the influx of armed bandits and violent herders was purportedly polluted and takeover allegedly induced threat-and crisis-ridden communities, ahead of the execution of Ruganization and Fulanization plots to takeover Southern Nigeria which he accused the federal government of promoting. According to him, fervent prayer and eternal vigilance were mainly required to contain the alleged “evil plans of enemies of Nigeria,” hoping that unity and combined efforts of the Southeast, South-west and South-west zones were required to flush out those he named infiltrators and political allies out of Southern Nigeria. Earlier, in his address titled, “We are All Entitled To Be Annoyed”, the chairman of the occasion, Chief Ralphs Okey Nwosu echoed the need for persistent prayer in faith as the best way to particularly reconcile the people of Igboland to God. Nwosu who is the National Chairman of ADC stated that what was going on in the country was more spiritual, stressing that Nigerians should arm themselves with prayer as the spiritual weapon of warfare against the atrocities in the country. Represented by Frank Agumadu, Nwosu said power in potent prayer was capable of bringing about good leadership, quick unity and understanding among the people of Igboland and bring about the restoration of lost glorious, majestic and excellent virtues for which they were known. The event was preceded by prayer session for Igbo leaders, Nigeria and peace in Igboland by Amaka Jesus, of Jesus Kingdom Ministries, Worldwide. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...