As reactions continue to trail the presidential tribunal judgement that upheld President Muhammadu Buhari’s election, a Civil Society Organisation, Nigeria Youth Organisation (NYO) has called on Alhaji Atiku Abubakar to jettison plans to appeal the judgement, saying he should rather join forces with the administration to improve the economy. The organisation in a statement by the national president, Alhaji Abdullahi Wali, in Abuja, said Atiku should accept the verdict if the tribunal in faith as only God gives power. “We urge Alhaji Atiku Abubakar to accept the verdict of the tribunal in good faith as it is only God that gives power to whomever he pleases and we equally call on him to team up with President Buhari as he focuses on the enormous and herculean task of re-engineering the nation, fixing the economy, creating jobs for teeming population of unemployed youths, tackling corruption and insecurity headlong for a secured and prosperous Nigeria state,” he said. ALSO READ: Muhammad-Bande set to assume office as UN General Assembly President Activists call for judicial inquiry into alleged killings of… Xenophobia: You are our worthy son, community tell Air Peace… FUOYE: Investigate police attack, killing of two, compensate… Kogi Elections: FCT minister of state preaches peace, unity He also explained that the judgment has further reaffirmed the confidence Nigerians have in the ability of President Muhammadu Buhari to lead the nation and their decisions to re-elect him again to take Nigerians and Nigeria to the next level. He further noted that the judgment is a victory for democracy, rule of law and all Nigeria masses and youth that troop out in their millions to cast their vote and defend it for the President during the 2019 presidential election with this judgment Nigerian should eschew partisanship and rally round the President in his sincere quest to reposition Nigeria. “We equally wishes to use this medium to congratulate the Judiciary and the panel of jurists that sat through the case in delivering this thorough verdict that was based on Principle of law in Nigeria. “This verdict has also vindicated the Independent National Electoral Commission which declared President Buhari, as the winner of the March 2019 Presidential Election in accordance with the mandate freely express and willingly given by Nigerians,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!