The entire Kadunu Community, Langai District of Pyam Chiefdom, Mangu Local Government Area of Plateau State has been thrown into mourning and confusion following the gruesome killing of Dakacin Langai Alhaji Mohammed Bayero who is the paramount ruler of the community by gunmen. A source in the community told Tribune Online that the incident occurred at about 8:00 pm on Sunday when gumen attacked the palace and killed the community leader while one other person within the vicinity of the palace sustained fatal injuries. The source disclosed that shortly after the gunmen bolted away, the people in the community thronged the palace of the community leader and saw him in the pool of his blood adding that they made spirited efforts to save his life but Bayero was confirmed dead at a nearby hospital. ALSO READ: Reps to compel all MDAs to submit statutory reports, to impose sanctions against erring MDAs Taraba crisis: CAN chairman predicts food crisis Dethroned Emir emerges PDP deputy chairman in Zamfara Dissolution: OYSIEC members drag Makinde to court Oyo guber: APC expresses dismay at tribunal’s ruling The State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Mathias Terna Tyopev who confirmed the incident said Mangu Divisional Police received a distress call on Sunday that the community leader who was 54 years old was shot in his chest. Tyopev narrated that he was rushed to Allah Na Kowa Hospital Mangu for treatment where he was confirmed dead by the doctor on duty adding that one other person at the same address who was also shot and is receiving treatment at the same hospital. The PPRO who said efforts are ongoing to arrest the perpetrators of this dastardly act, implored people of the community to be more vigilant and report any suspicious movement in the community to the security agencies. A cross-section of people of the community who spoke with Tribune Online expressed shock over the incident and called on both the state and Federal Government to provide more security for the community and track down the perpetrators. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!