A housewife, Shamsiya Muhammad, has begged a Sharia Court ll, sitting in Magajin Gari, Kaduna State to dissolve her marriage with Sani Adamu, over his refusal to pray. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the complainant, who resides at Tudun Wada, Kaduna, said that she cannot continue with Sani, because he also does not care for her and always insults her parents whenever they have a misunderstanding. “We got married six years ago and we have two children. He paid N40, 000 as my bride price, I am willing to return back his money and free myself from the union as Islam guides us, “she said. The defendant, Adamu who also resides at Tudun Wada, kaduna, who denied insulting his wife’s parents and said that he prays five times daily. Swap deal with bandits paying off ― IGP She aborted my pregnancy after I gave her N1m as rent —Man I pray for divorce, demand N30,000 as our 3 kids’ monthly… My husband has denied me access to my seven children, woman… ‘She fought me with dangerous objects, moved in with her… Adamu also said that he loves his wife and prayed the court to give him more time to settle their differences. Earlier, a witness, Malam Sulaiman Sabo, leader of Kaduna butchers, said that he had made several attempts to settle both parties so that their marriage can continue but to no avail. “I have sat them down many times to settle them. In my presence, they forgave each other and promised to live in peace. “After every meeting with them, bad news followed on the same issues I tried to settle between them. All of them are my neighbors and Adamu’s father is a butcher under my leadership. I tried my best but it’s not working out, “Sabo said. The judge, Murtala Nasir, after listening to both parties and Sabo, adjourned the case till September 30 for the complainant to bring the N40, 000 she received as bride price for judgment. The case was adjourned four times at different sittings to enable Malam Sabo intervene but the wife continually insisted on divorce. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!