The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Trade Union Congress (TUC), Nigeria Movement of Solidarity with Cuba and a coalition of Civil Society Groups will storm the Embassy of United States of America (USA), in a solidarity protest march tagged “Hands-Off Cuba”. The protest march is part of the activities of the 6th African Continental Conference of solidarity with Cuba, going on in Abuja. Speaking with Tribune Online at the venue of the conference in Abuja on Tuesday, Comrade Abiodun Aremu said the peaceful protest march is to reinforce the call for the US to lift the economic blockage on Cuba. He said the continued aggression and economic blockade against Cuba by the US is criminal and should be stopped. He said: ” The point should be repeated because the point we seek to make tomorrow particularly with the largest gathering of Africans here is that Cuba has demonstrated itself as part of Africa not only in terms of ancestral linkages but in terms of his commitments and sacrifices for the liberation of the African people. ALSO READ:  Lack of mentoring, motivation responsible for youth deliquency ― Osun Assembly Chief Whip “So the African people owe Cuba a duty to stop further US aggression and economic blockade of Cuba. Secondly, it is to encourage the UN to call the US to order because there is no reason why the US must assume itself as the Police person of the world. Every country has a right to its sovereignty. So, tomorrow is to make that statement clear, more so with the opportunity given to us in Nigeria to host the sixth African Conference of Solidarity with Cuba.” US Chamber of Commerce appoints Aiteo CEO, Benedict Peters… NBMA receives application to introduce GM Maize that resists… Forex restriction on starch: Processor hails CBN, calls for… African agriculture suffering due to unnecessary importation… Meanwhile, the Nigeria Labour Congress called on the workers and its civil society allies to join the rally to ensure that Nigeria and the visiting African trade unionists and workers made their position known clearly on the US occupation of Cuba. It announced on Tuesday that the protest march, which will commence at 8 am will take off from the Umaru Musa Ya’ Aradua Conference centre, Abuja to the US Embassy. The NLC President, Comrade Wabba said: “Now is the time to show by our deeds and not just words that we truly share friendship and solidarity with the Cuban people.” He pointed out that the inspiration for the Cuba Africa Regional meetings and conference is to re-emphasize and consolidate the age-long friendship, solidarity and historical ties between the people of Cuba. According to Wabba, “this is to affirm international support and solidarity with Cuba and demand respect for Cuba’s right to self-determination and sovereignty and their right to pursue the political system of their choice”. He added: “Even in the post-colonial history of Africa, Cuba has continued to play very crucial roles to expand the frontiers of friendship and solidarity with its African brothers and sisters. When Ebola pandemic broke out in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, Cuba did not hesitate to send in her medical personnel and medical kits and facilities to manage and halt the spread of the Ebola virus. “Many Africans were saved as a result of that intervention by Cuba. In many of our African cities even here in Nigeria, we can still find Cuban doctors, nurses and teachers who are still rendering humanitarian services and care to the African people.” Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!