Emir of Kano, Mohammed Sanusi In New York on Tuesday told President Muhammadu Buhari that his newly appointed Economic Advisory Council (EAC) is “fantastic.” Speaking at a high-level side event on Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) presided over by the President, the royal father revealed that he called Buhari on the day he made the new appointment to congratulate him. Recall that earlier this month, President Buhari disbanded the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo-led Economic Management Team (EMT) and replaced it with the Economic Advisory Council (EAC) headed by Professor Doyin Salami as Chairman, Dr Mohammed Sagagi as Vice-Chairman and Dr Mohammed Adaya Salisu as Secretary. ALSO READ:  Gbajabiamila leads National Assembly delegation to Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference OYC sets date to honour, mourn departed Igbo youths Climate crisis: Grassroots movements blame oil… Jigawa Assembly suspends principal officers over alleged… Protesters storm Lagos Assembly, demand probe of Ambode Members of the council include Professor Ode Ojowu, Dr Shehu Yahaya, Dr Iyabo Masha, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, Mr Bismark Rewane. At the end of his remark on how to improve the standard of lives of Nigerians, the Kano Emir said: “Mr President, I congratulate you on your Economic Management Team. “On the day you made the appointment, I called you to congratulate you. Your economic management team is fantastic,” he said. A statement announcing the appointment had explained: “This advisory council will replace the current Economic Management Team (EMT) and will be reporting directly to the President. “The Economic Advisory Council (EAC) will advise the President on economic policy matters, including fiscal analysis, economic growth and a range of internal and global economic issues working with the relevant cabinet members and heads of monetary and fiscal agencies.” Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!