All Progressives Congress (APC) youths in Ogun State have lauded Governor Dapo Abiodun over his attainment of a “hundred progressive days” steering the affairs of the state. The youth under the aegis of APC Youth League(APCYL), described Abiodun as a “true administrator and strategist per excellence,” describing his governance as undisputable. Coordinator of the group, Olamide Lawal, in a chat with the Tribune Online on Sunday, said they are happy that the governor has initiated plans to further put the state in line to benefit from the dividends of democracy. Lawal listed the achievements of Abiodun to include the launch of the Ogun State job portal, initiation of the agricultural revolution, the donation of patrol vehicles and motorcycles for security personnel and the Ogun Tech Hub in Abeokuta. ALSO READ: We are fully prepared for resumption of academic activities ― NUT, NAPPS Guber race: PDP will reclaim Kogi State ― Wada Makinde, a rare welfarist governor ― Ejiogbe Xenophobic attacks: SERAP seeks $10bn punitive damages… WAEC certificate: Vacate office now, PDP tells Buhari He also praised the governor for organising a 5-day free training in soft skills like artificial intelligence, digital marketing, web development, cybersecurity, mobile application development, data science, IT business, emerging IT trends: big data, IoT, cloud computing, and science, technology, engineering & mathematics (STEM) among others. Lawal said: “It is undisputable that you started the process of governance in Ogun State as a true democrat who was desirous of taking the people to the next level of all-round development. “These achievements which are obvious, even to the blind cut across educational reinvigoration, agricultural turn-around, infrastructural development, health sector revamping, security revitalisation and many more. “We are happy that in hundred days, you have proved yourself to be a true administrator and strategist per excellence. “We are glad to have supported you before and during the electioneering period which brought about an overwhelming victory for our party, the APC. “With the strategic delivery of your deliverables in just 100 days, we assure you of our continuous unalloyed support for you and your administration.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.