The Oyo state government has frowned at the recent destruction of some schools properties in the state by suspected vandals, promising to fish out masterminds of such vandalisation. An act described as shameful and sabotage, Executive Chairman, Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board, Dr Nureni Adeniran vowed that the state government will put an end to growing instances of vandalisation of schools properties across the state. Nigerian Tribune found out that Oluyole OLGC Primary School, Ayegun, Ibadan, was a particular instance of one of the newly constructed schools that have been visited by hoodlums and vandals in recent time. Noting that preliminary investigation fingered some teachers and other staff members of the school as accomplices in the destructive acts, Adeniran avowed that the state government will foist rigid penalties on those erring staff members. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/strike-afe-babalola-throws-weight-behind-asuu-says-fg-must-find-solution/ OYC sets date to honour, mourn departed Igbo youths Climate crisis: Grassroots movements blame oil… Jigawa Assembly suspends principal officers over alleged… Protesters storm Lagos Assembly, demand probe of Ambode While noting that inquiries into the incidents were ongoing, Adeniran said perpetrators of such acts will be dealt with regardless of their political association. To forestall a recurrence, he added that the state government will beef up security arrangements to guard schools. He also called on community leaders to further commit themselves to secure school properties built within their communities. “It is unfortunate that these deliberate destructive acts on one of our Model schools reportedly were aided by some teachers and staff members of the school, but let me assure you that this administration would tackle the menace of thuggery among our teachers in the interest of our children. “This government frowns at such shameful act and we promise to fish out those who master-minded this. As a government, we will not allow anybody to mortgage the future of our children, for their selfish interests,” Adeniran said. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!