Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council worldwide has vowed to make sure that every erring pastoralists caught up moving with cows from Community to Community from Monday in any part of South-East, will taste the full Wrath of the Igbo people. The youth group gave the warning in a press statement signed and made available to journalists by their President General Okechukwu Isiguzoro, on Sunday. According to Isiguzoro, who said their attention was drawn to the comments of the President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore, Abdullahi Bodejo, that South-East Governors and Ohanaeze wanted to divide Nigeria over the pronouncement of ban on herdsmen movement of their cattle by foot and also claimed that bushes within South-East do not belong to Igbos, said the Miyetti Allah should be held responsible for breakdown of peace in South East. ALSO READ: Court dismisses Miyetti Allah’s application challenging prohibition of open grazing He further stated that rearing of cattle remains a private business and charged the Miyetti Allah to adhere to the strict rules of the South-East Governors on the ban of pastoralists movement of cattle by foot. The OYC, however, charged Miyetti Allah Kautel Hole leadership should tender an unreserved apology to the South-East Governors or face arrest for using hate speech and provocative remarks capable of truncating peaceful environment in the South-East. The statement reads: “Our attention is drawn to the vituperations and misguided comments of one Abdullahi Bodejo, the President of Miyetti Allah Kautel Hore, over his wild but bogus claims, that Fulani is the largest ethnic groups and every Governor in Nigeria especially the South-East should carve out an area for the Fulani in their respective States to settle and raise their cows. “That South-East Governors and Ohanaeze want to divide Nigeria over the pronouncement of ban on herdsmen conveyance of cattle by foot, and the war declared on erring pastoralists caught up trespassing from one Community to another by Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide is unacceptable, and Miyetti Allah Kautel Hole President claims that our bushes don’t belong to Igbos. “We wish to categorically state, that Fulani tribe is one of the few minorities ethnic groups in Nigeria, respective of their dominance over some ethnic groups in the North, and assertive themselves over them. “it’s on record that Igbos are found in all the clans across 774 LGAs of Nigeria, and a future credible census will put an end to the bogus claims of Abdullahi Bodejo, with Igbos all over Nigeria,we have never ascribed to carving out Land demands from the host Governors outside South East, or using threats and hate speeches to acquire lands for our businesses. “Rearing of cattle remains a private business and should adhere to the strict rules of South-East Governors on the ban of pastoralists movement of cattle by foot, and wish to remind Miyetti Allah that the bushes and forests and farmlands belongs to Igbo speaking people of South East and erring pastoralists caught up moving with cows from Community to Community from Monday 9/9/19, will taste the full Wrath of Igbos, and Miyetti Allah should be held responsible for daring peace-loving people of South East. “South-East Governors and Ohanaeze will never bring policies that will divide Nigeria, but the recent 1700 forests guards in Enugu, had panicked Miyetti Allah Kautel Hole leadership, and soon the nefarious activities of the murderous herdsmen masquerading as pastoralists had been put on check with the recent ban on herdsmen by South-East Governors. “We have finalized arrangements for the five South-East State house of Assemblies to enact laws on the ban on open grazing so that full weight of the law will descend on any erring pastoralists caught up trespassing from one Community to Community. Miyetti Allah Kautel Hole leadership should tender an unreserved apology to the South-East Governors or should be arrested for hate speech and provocative remarks capable of truncating peaceful environment in the South East.”Ends// SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.