The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila on Monday promised to recommend more Federal projects for the Akoko Federal Constituency of Ondo State. The Speaker made the pledge yesterday in Abuja, while receiving a delegation of the Council of Traditional Rulers from the area led by Oba Akadri Yusuf Momoh, the Olukare of Ikare-Akoko, Ondo State. The Speaker who thanked the delegation for the visit said the House, along other sectors of the Federal government, will ensure federal presence is sufficiently established in the area, through “arterial roads and other federal projects”. The Speaker hailed the visit, as the first royal visit from the South-west region to him, since he assumed office, as the fourth citizen of the country. According to him, “you represent the first set of Traditional Rulers to visit the House of Representatives since I became Speaker, this is a rare pledge, I consider you traditional heads, the fourth arm of the realm, though the Press is also there”. Gbajabiamila who commended the quality of representatives from Ondo State in the House acknowledged the role played by all of them across the parties for him to emerge the Speaker of the Ninth National Assembly. He pointed out that as part of his commitments to the well-being of the State he appointed Hon. Olubunmi Tunji Ojo, a member from the area as the Chairman of the House Committee on Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) in order to give the state a sense of belonging as an oil-producing state. Nigeria@59: Fintiri pardons 18 prisoners to mark… Independence: Ondo govt commutes seven death sentence to… Nigeria@59: Gbajabiamila tasks Nigerians on unity, prayers… Army needs spiritual help to defeat Boko Haram ― Buratai ALSO READ: Ondo 2020: PDP primary election will be transparent ― PDP Chairman The Speaker stated that the appointment was also to ensure equity and justice, considering that though Ondo is one of the   Niger Delta Region States, until now, only people from the South-south, had headed the Committee since 1999. He, however, explained even at that certain pedigree such level of commitment, capability and knowledge of the Industry amongst others were put into consideration before lot fell on Hon Tunj-Ojo. Gbajabiamila promised that under his watch as the Speaker of the House of Representatives no section of the country would be marginalized in the distribution of federal projects. Speaking earlier, the leader of the delegation,  Oba Akadri Yusuf Momoh, the Olukare of Ikare Akoko,  lamented that the area was  being  shortchanged in the scheme of things and pleaded for federal government institutions in the area According to him, “We don’t have good roads, we don’t have enough federal representation in the area; we are demanding for Federal presence in our area, we want a Technical College of Education in our area, all our Federal roads are in deplorable conditions and  we want you to see to the completion of the Transmission project going on in the area “. The Traditional ruler prayed for smooth sailing in the Ninth National Assembly so that Nigerians would reap dividends of democracy in abundance. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.