A former presidential aspirant and convener of #RevolutionNow protest, Omoyele Sowore, on Thursday, commenced a contempt suit against the Director-General of the Department of State Service (DSS), Yusuf Bichi, for allegedly disobeying the order that granted him bail. It would be recalled that Justice Taiwo Taiwo of the Federal High Court, Abuja had on Tuesday granted Sowore bail. Sowore, who has been in the custody of the DSS since August 3, 2019,  for allegedly calling for “revolution” through the protest that was scheduled for September 5. The judge had dismissed DSS’ objection in granting him bail on the condition that he deposit his international passport in the registry of the court, which he did through his lawyers on Wednesday. ALSO READ: LAUTECH: ASUU’s position, misguided ― Osun govt The legal team also filed an affidavit of compliance with the order of the court and had the same served on the DSS. But 24 hours after meeting the bail condition, the DSS had yet to release him and Sowore, who is also the publisher of Sahara Reporters, through his lawyer, Mr Femi Falana (SAN), on Thursday, filed a ‘Notice of consequence of court order’ which is to be served on the DSS boss, warning him that he could be jailed for continuing to violate the court order. Police discover house with over 300 chained inmates in… DSS yet to get court order on Sowore — Spokesman Reps set up ad-hoc committee to probe N5 trillion crude… Reps reject motion seeking deregistration of political… “Notice that unless you obey the direction contained in the order of the Federal High Court of Justice, Abuja delivered on September 21, 2019, which ordered you to release the applicant in Suit No: FHC/ABJ/CS/915/2019 forthwith, you will be guilty of contempt of court and will be liable to be committed to prison. A copy of the said order of court earlier served on you is hereby annexed for your on-the-spot reference. “This court has been Informed that even as at today, Thursday, September 26, 2019, you are yet to comply with the lawful order of the Federal High Court by refusing to release the applicant namely: Omoyele Sowore in your custody. “You are hereby directed to comply with the court order forthwith or you will be guilty of contempt of court.” Recall that the DSS, on September 3, 2019, arrested Sowore over his call for revolution protest scheduled to hold on September 5. Justice Taiwo, on September 8, granted an ex parte application by the DSS permitting the security agency to keep the activist for 45 days. The 45 days period expired last Saturday and barely 24 hours to the expiration of the 45 days detention order, the office of the  Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) filed charges of treasonable felony, cybercrime offences and money laundering against Sowore before the Federal High Court in Abuja. On Tuesday, following Falana’s application, Justice Taiwo ordered the release of Sowore, from the custody of the DSS pending his arraignment in court. He said since the order for detention permitting the DSS to keep the activist for 45 days had expired, the activist ought to be released immediately. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.