Residents of Ovwian Community in Udu Local Government Area of Delta State on Monday cried out to the Inspector General of Police over the spate of killings, armed robberies, arson and the destruction of properties by suspected cultists and armed robbers. President-General of Ovwian Community, Mr Matthew Uparan, made the cry on behalf of the community at a press conference held at the community’s town hall. Uparan, who was flanked by Messrs Lawson Ighoifo and Duke Okua, Vice-President-General and Secretary-General with other Exco members, said many innocent lives had been lost to the activities of the bandits. “In recent times, scores of persons have been killed, several houses razed while properties worth millions of naira have been stolen or destroyed by hoodlums. “It is a complex situation for the very fact that, sometimes it will seem like a fight between secret cult rival groups while it’s a direct attack on innocent and law-abiding citizens in some other times. “Thus situation has reached an alarming rate that our sons were murdered in cold blood. Also, recent attacks of our son in Ovwian harbour/sawmill market. “The situation has far gone beyond the reach of the ability of local vigilante corps who is not armed compared to the hoodlums who are heavily armed. Taraba crisis: CAN chairman predicts food crisis Dethroned Emir emerges PDP deputy chairman in Zamfara Dissolution: OYSIEC members drag Makinde to court Oyo guber: APC expresses dismay at tribunal’s ruling “The people of the area are subdued and are living in terrible fear most especially in the night when they sleep with one of their eyes open in anticipation of attacks. “Many residents who have fallen victims and those who could not cope with the ugly situation have relocated from the Community with bad impressions thereby tarnishing the good image of the Community. “I am particularly worried as the President-General over these incidents that are giving a serious cause for concern,” he lamented. ALSO READ: Warri/Benin expressway: Commuters now spend 5 hours, lambast state government The president-general, however, recollected that there was a brief respite when CSP Eyoh Anietie, who was deployed to Ovwian/Aladja Police Division as DPO, saying “We all breathed a sigh of relief when this development came as part of the Police intensified efforts towards stopping the insecurity menace. He said CSP Anietie’s tactical discipline brought the situation under control during the nine days he spent in the area, adding that since his redeployment, the situation has relapsed as they now live under great fear. Uparan called on the government to establish a Police patrol team and Special Checkpoints within the areas, especially at Ovwian roundabout, Orhunwhorhun and Express junctions as a step towards neutralizing the activities of the criminals. He also called on the State Commissioner of Police, AIG Zone 5 and the IGP to reconsider the redeployment of CSP Anietie to Ovwian/Aladja Police Division to continue his good works. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!