Ahead of the 2020 governorship election in Ondo State, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state said the party would embark on sensitisation programme to regain the trust and confidence of the populace ahead of the election. The coordinator of PDP Support Group, Bode Obanla, who disclosed this in Akure, Ondo state capital, said the programme became imperative in order to reposition the party to record electoral victory for the party in the coming elections in the state and the country at large. Obanla said that the governor of Oyo State, Mr Seyi Makinde is expected to be the special guest of honour to mark the second annual lecture of the Support Group while the state party chairman, Clement Faboyede is the chief host. ALSO READ: Reps halt implementation of new cashless policy Yemi-Esan assumes duty as Acting Head of Service PDP: House Minority leader tears BoT apart Confluence Rice Mill: Attestation of Gov Bello’s desired… Free Sowore protest hits Nigerian Mission in New York He said “The 2019 edition of the annual lecture tagged ‘PDP: Harnessing the Trust of the People’, will have as guest speakers, PDP’s National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan; Spokesperson of the Atiku Campaign Organisation, Segun Sowunmi, and a chieftain of the party in Ondo state, Akogun Tokunbo Modupe. Obanla congratulated governor Makinde on his victory at the election petitions tribunal which affirmed him as the winner of the March 2019 governorship election in Oyo State. He said the tribunal ruling further confirmed Makinde’s popularity and love among the people of Oyo which prompted them to troop out en masse to cast their votes for him and the PDP in the last election. The group said “We have no doubt that Makinde, like other governors elected on the platform of our party, will make the people proud as he is already doing in barely four months after his inauguration. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!