Security experts and analysts have identified several interlinked and independent factors such as porous border, unresolved national issues and influx of arms from the conflict in Libya as the immediate and remote causes of violent religious extremism and terrorism in the region. The experts made this known at the ongoing summit of West African leaders in Burkina Faso over growing terror threats that are spreading at a fast pace across the Sahel region down to the sub-region. The summit had predicated solutions to the insurgency on fast tracked development and enhancement of the capacity of the G5 Sahel force. The African Development Bank had in line with the above proposed a ‘Desert to Wealth’ programme for adoption by the leaders. They opined that despite all efforts, it is clear that jihadism is spreading at a faster pace than before while most governments are growing helpless about tackling the menace. While listing several key factors as reasons behind the violent extremist violence in the region, many of those interviewed cited links between internal causative factors and external influence as the source of insecurity. Murtala Abdullahi, a researcher/security analyst with the Conflict Studies and Analysis Project at Global Initiative for Civil Stabilization (GICS), said some of the factors are interlinked, citing relationship between porous border and influx of arms from the conflict in Libya. According to the analyst, “several interlinked factors account for where the region is now. While ideology is key, other factors like unresolved national issues in Mali, Burkina Faso, Niger and Nigeria also played critical roles. Then you have socioeconomic issues, lack of good governance and climate change.” Abdulahi added that the jihadists are also capitalising on the ongoing fight between farmers and the Fulanis across African countries, noting that “the extremists exploit the farmers-herders conflict in Mali, Chad, Niger and Nigeria. So, we have a lot of reasons behind the increasing spread of extremism across Africa.” Also speaking on the regional insecurity, Dr Akinola Olojo, a senior researcher in Transnational Threats and International Crime at the Institute for Security Studies, Pretoria, South Africa, said governance gaps and neglect of border communities fuel the spread and recruitment drive of the insurgents, affirming that religious ideology on its own is not the main cause of the conflict. According to him, “the jihadists capitalise on the disadvantaged and the neglected segment of the society by twisting the religious message to recruit the weak into violent extremism,” adding that ‘the challenge of terrorism is transnational and therefore demand multilateral approach.” ALSO READ: N6.9billion fraud: Fayose’s trial begins October 21 In Nairobi, Kenya, the United Nations Secretary General identified political will as a major factor on the road to tackling extremist violence. While African governments are making efforts, the success level has not been appreciable. Nigerian government launched a commendable action plan last year which grasped the core of the issues under four plans. But we need sense of urgency in the implementation to get the desired results,” he concluded. Commenting on the issue of world powers involvement, a retired intelligence officer, Nasir Mahmud, cited subterranean funding of terrorism by some western powers. According to him, tacit support for terrorists accounts for the spread of violent attacks across the region. “You can see and feel the tacit support through propaganda using Amnesty International, International Crisis Group and others. The support also includes logistic and material support. Or where are the terrorists getting the weapons from?” he queried. Abdulahi of the GICS, however, disagreed with the position, stating instead that “we should face the root of extremism rather than shift the blame on others.” According to him, most countries with terrorism conflict have internal issues which he said may have been exploited by external forces. “We have a lot of conspiracy theories out there. But from evidence, we need to address the root. We need to ensure internal justice, economic well-being and rule of law. We need to tackle climate change,” he posited. In a related development, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, has continued to maintain that insurgents in the country have been decimated, saying only criminal elements remain. According to him: “Referring to such gang of criminal bandits as insurgents or Boko Haram terrorists group or ISWAP in Nigeria could amount to supporting or encouraging terrorism.” Despite this assurance, however, Sunday Tribune gathered that the insurgents now use drones to locate military targets and to carry out surprise attacks. The source revealed that the terrorists could now locate troops’ movement and lay ambushes more easily during their operations. Sunday Tribune source added that fifth columnists in the Army still exist and is among one of the biggest factors hindering the end of the war against terrorists. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!