Former Minister of Health, Professor Eyitayo Lambo, has attributed the success credited to his tenure to the support of former President Olusegun Obasanjo, and the cooperation of stakeholders in the sector, including the professional associations. Lambo made this known at the 55th annual scientific conference and workshop of the Association of Medical Laboratory Scientists of Nigeria in Abuja recently. The former minister said that he was able to achieve success because he shared his vision with the major stakeholders in the health sector, including the leadership and members of the various health professional groups. Breastfeeding protects against diabetes in children —Expert Buhari’s wife launches initiative to improve maternal,… Oyo health budget cut by 40 per cent Lassa fever outbreak: Reps decry high death rate Highlighting his achievements when he was in office between 2003 and 2007, Lambo said the nation’s first national health sector reform programme was developed and implemented, the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS),  the national blood transfusion service were established while eight of the Federal Teaching Hospitals were refurbished and re-equipped. I have freed over 420 hostages from bandits without ransom ― Zamfara… He said: “The development and implementation of Nigeria’s first comprehensive Health Sector Reform Programme (HSRP) to attain his vision played a significant role in fueling the success I recorded. President Obasanjo’s administration, particularly during his second term, accorded  high priority to the health sector in terms of budgetary allocation and  both President Obasanjo and the minister of finance ensured timely release of funds to settle some outstanding payments to health workers.” Lambo added that under his administration, the management of the ministry was manifestly transparent with the leadership of the labour unions being regularly updated. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.