Barely 24 hours after some hoodlums went on rampage, destroying properties belonging to South African businesses, in retaliation for the killings of Nigerians in South Africa, the Lagos State Police Command on Thursday arraigned 83 persons who allegedly participated in the attack. Specifically, those arraigned participated in the looting and destruction at Shoprite Surulere and Sangotedo The defendants were arraigned before the Lagos State Magistrates’ Court at Yaba on six counts bordering on conspiracy, riotous assembly, arson, stealing, malicious damage, unlawful destruction of property and conduct likely to cause the breach of peace. The Police told the court that the defendants attacked the Shoprite Malls at Surulere and Sangotedo and allegedly stole and damaged properties estimated at N500m They all pleaded not guilty to the six-count charges. ALSO READ: Sanwo-Olu mourns Rafiu Tinubu, condoles family Xenophobia: South Africa closes embassy in Nigeria after… Drama, as APC NWC constitutes Appeal Committees for Kogi,… Flood: 6 dead, several houses, valuables destroyed in… Kogi/Bayelsa Guber: Stick to our deadlines on submission of… The Prosecuting Officer, Cyril Ejiofor and others said that the defendants had committed the offences on Sept. 3, at Shoprite Surulere and Sangotedo, Ajah. The prosecutor said that the defendants had conducted themselves in a manner likely to cause a breach of the peace by wilfully setting fire to the malls and damaging property worth N500 million. The defendants were also involved in riotous acts, looting spree and harming passers-by. The offences according to the prosecution contravened Sections 50, 287, 339, 341 and 411 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. The Chief Magistrate Mr Peter A. Ojo granted the defendants bail in the sum of N500,000 with two sureties each in like sum who must be their parents. In the case whereby their parents are deceased, the surety must be a family member from their paternal side. He has adjourned until Oct. 9. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...