Ethiopian Prime Minister, Abiy Ahmed and the National Leader of ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, have won African Democracy Awards for their respective efforts to grow democracy and good governance in Africa. The award, which was conferred on them at the 4th Africa Political Summit and Diamond Awards in Addis Ababa, the Ethiopian capital, was the highlight of a three-day conference on Campaign Financing and Elections in Africa, an initiative of the Association of Political Consultants – (APC) Africa, a body peopled by top political consultants from across the continent. The two political figures, according to a statement made available to newsmen in Lagos, were hailed for their huge commitments to democracy, freedom of speech, socioeconomic and political developments of their respective countries. ALSO READ:  Democracy in Nigeria has witnessed improvement with recent elections ― Fayemi Ethiopian prime minister was represented by Firayad Mahmud, while Tinubu was represented by Alhaji Mutiu Are, a member of the Governor’s Advisory Council (GAC) in Lagos State. President of APC Africa, Mr Kehinde Bamigbetan, said in a speech at the ceremony that the award served to recognise and encourage icons of democracy and good governance in Africa, adding that it had been the culture of the body to celebrate those political figures who had done a lot to promote democracy in their respective countries. “This award serves to recognise and encourage icons of democracy and good governance in Africa. It has been our culture to celebrate those political figures who have done a lot to promote democracy in their respective countries,” Bamigbetan said. Bamigbetan, who is the immediate past Information Commissioner in Lagos State, described Abiy as an outstanding leader who had done a lot to strengthen democracy, human rights, press freedom and peace in East Africa. He recalled Abiy’s leniency towards Ethiopian political dissidents, his respect for and olive branch to the opposition, and his peace efforts with Eritrea and other neighbours. FG raises inter-agency task force on N5TRN AMCON debt… African countries set action plan for medicine traceability Don’t allow Ajaokuta steel industry die ― Activist… ICPC Academy graduates pool of 49 investigators “The prime minister won this award because of the tremendous works he has done in Ethiopia since he came on board. He opened up the political space and freed dissidents who were in jail. We also believe that a leader who has done so much to broker peace in Sudan deserves to be recognised,” Bamigbetan said. APC Africa president said the decision to recognise Asiwaju Tinubu followed his longstanding commitment to democracy and human rights. He said this was alongside the political shrewdness that had seen him and other opposition elements defeat the then ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Nigeria, and his contributions to democratic growth in other African countries. “Asiwaju is a political figure whose impacts have been felt not just in Nigeria, especially with the historic election of President Muhammadu Buhari on the platform of the opposition APC, but across many countries in Africa. He has continued to work to deepen democracy and good governance,” Bamigbetan said. Mahmud, who received the award on behalf of the Ethiopian prime minister, thanked the organisers of the event, saying the recognition would spur Abiy to continue to work for democracy, human rights and peace. Tinubu, who was represented by Alhaji Are, said the award was an incentive for the APC national leader to continue to work for representative democracy and good governance in Nigeria and elsewhere on the continent. “I do not take this award for granted. It is a challenge to continue to do more,” he said. The conference, which began on Monday, drew participants and speakers from across Anglophone and Francophone African and European countries, including serving and former government spokespeople and functionaries. They included President, European Association of Political Consultants, Igor Mintusov; President, International Association of Political Consultants, Mehmet Ural; Board member of the European Association of Political Consultants, Dr. Reza Kazemi; Secretary-General of APC-Africa, Kipngeno Duncan Kirul (Kenya); Vice President of APC-Africa, Dianemonique Adjanoun (Benin Republic); former Information Commissioner in Ogun State, Kayode Samuel; former Lagos Information Commissioner, Steve Ayorinde; former Special Adviser on Communications in Osun State, Semiu Okanlawon; Chief Press Secretary to the Governor of Kwara State, Rafiu Ajakaye among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!