As part of efforts to boost the film and entertainment industry as well as create job opportunities, Lagos State government said it is resolved to establish a one-stop-shop for filmmakers in the state, assuring that filmmakers would enjoy support from conceptualization of ideas to the final production. The Lagos State Commissioner for Tourism, Arts and Culture, Mrs. Shuli Adebolu, gave this assurance at the graduation ceremony of the Pioneer MultiChoice Talent Factory Scholars drawn from across West Africa, held at the Lagos Business School in Ajah area of Lagos. Mrs. Adebolu, in a statement, noted that the state was blessed with beautiful locations for film production, saying efforts were been considered to ensure Lagos had a one-stop Centre that would ensure quality and timely production of films that meet domestic and international standard. ALSO READ: Anchor Borrowers’ Programme: BOA’s N84bn reached 500,000 farmers directly ― MD Doro Musik Gang gives lifeline to ex-YBNL act, Lyta I’m living in penury, Rolling Dollar’s wife, Zainab, cries… Scissor Reality Show debuts for young fashion entrepreneurs FoodCo bags premium award According to her, embarking on this effort would grow the industry and also attract foreign investors to the state. The commissioner equally reiterated the commitment of the present administration under Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to tourism and entertainment sector by ensuring that the state becomes a preferred destination for tourists and entertainment hub of the continent. “Lagos is the 2nd largest in the amount of films produced on the continent globally, the state is, therefore, set to open her doors by creating enabling environment, regulations and solid foundations that would make the sector a flourishing one that could successfully rival the likes of Hollywood and Bollywood entertainment industries,” she said. Adebolu, while commending MultiChoice for its Talent Factory initiative, restated the readiness of Lagos State government to collaborate with the private sector and key stakeholders for the development of the industry to create jobs and source of revenue earning for the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!