Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council worldwide with other 68 affiliated groups have mapped out 28th/29th September, to honour and mourn all Igbo Youths that have lost their lives from 1967 – 2019 and also mark 2019 Igbo day celebrations in Enyimba city, Aba, Abia State. The President-General of the group, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro in a press statement made available to newsmen in Abakaliki on Tuesday noted that the international Igbo Youth day will also witness a prayer summit to help the Igbos think home philosophy and support the Enyimba Economic City. The statement reads “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council with other 68 affiliated groups will celebrate on 28th/29th September, as the days marking 2019 Igbo day celebrations in Enyimba city with a prayer summit and international Igbo Youth day, highlights include honouring and mourning all Igbo Youths that had lost their lives from 1967/2019, and think home philosophy for Igbos and supporting the Enyimba Economic City,” he stated. ALSO READ: Six feared dead in Gombe motor accident Climate crisis: Grassroots movements blame oil… Jigawa Assembly suspends principal officers over alleged… Protesters storm Lagos Assembly, demand probe of Ambode Buhari inherits over N1trn road debt constructed by states ―… The Group, however, charged President Mohammadu Buhari to appoint an Igbo man to replace the Vice President Yemi Osibanjo as the best way to balance the power equation in the country if he’s guilty of any constitutional breach. In his words “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide have observed that the current plot to cleanse the office of the Vice President, through the alleged relocating of V.P’s aides, constituting of Economic Advisory committee ahead of Economic Management Team chaired by the Vice President Yemi Osibanjo and the alleged memo directly Him to seek approval from the Office of the President on issues before engaging as a prompt action to curtail the political activities of 2023 of South West, through the use of the office of the Vice President as a lunching platform as advantage ahead of other political permutations. “It’s obvious that the quiet rift in Presidency is geared towards putting up a political tsunami capable of truncating the partnership between the North and the South West, and possibly bring in a New alliance ahead of time for peaceful transition to other regions probably the South East, we urge all the actors and stakeholders to replace Osibanjo with an Igbo man as the best way to balance the power equation in the country, if he’s guilty of any constitutional breach. “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide will start lobbying for the possible replacement of the current occupant of the Vice President with an Igbo man, since such will balance the power equation, with the North having President and Senate President, and South West occupying the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and both parties (APC and PDP) leadership are in the South/South, its time to have an Igbo man as Vice President as the replacement of Vice President if he’s found guilty of any constitutional breach.” Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!