The Sheikh Dahiru Usman Bauchi Foundation has organized a special prayer to mark the first 100 days of the administration of Bauchi State Governor, Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed. While speaking at the occasion which was held in Bauchi on Sunday, Senator Bala Mohammed expressed gratitude to the Foundation for finding him worthy of the special prayers. The Governor who enjoined religious organizations in the state not to relent in their prayers for the state to overcome some of its security and other challenges, assured them of equal opportunities to ensure that they practice their various religious beliefs without any preferential treatment. ALSO READ: Oyo NUT lauds gov’s effort on education in 100 days Bala Mohammed acknowledged the support given to his administration by the foundation and applauded Sheikh Dahiru Usman Bauchi for his contribution to societal reorientation. In his speech, renowned Islamic Cleric, Sheikh Dahiru Usman Bauchi explained that the special prayers was organized to seek for Allah’s guidance for the success of the present administration in the state and assured the Governor of the support of the Foundation to his administration through organizing such event. In the same vein, Bauchi State Council of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ) has felicitated with the State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir for clocking first 100 days in office. Guber race: PDP will reclaim Kogi State ― Wada Makinde, a rare welfarist governor ― Ejiogbe Xenophobic attacks: SERAP seeks $10bn punitive damages… WAEC certificate: Vacate office now, PDP tells Buhari The NUJ in a statement signed by the Chairman, Ibrahim Malam Goje on behalf of Bauchi state Journalists stated that, ” your achievements in the following areas: education, healthcare services, civil service, roads construction and rehabilitation etc, are glaring and encouraging and had succeeded in restoring the hope of the people of Bauchi state. “The Union further acknowledges your good and timely plan to upgrade the state-owned media outfits, BRC and BATV,” the statement further contained. While urging the Governor to continue in that direction, the Union advised him to ensure the completion of all the projects embarked upon including the ones that the administration intends to initiate in the future as scheduled. “As one of us, you should expect all the necessary support from journalists working in Bauchi state in the area of adequate publicity on all your policies and programmes,” the NUJ concluded. Meanwhile, Governor Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed has described the death of Alhaji Manu Soro, Sarkin Fulanin Bauchi and father to one of his Commissioners, Nura Manu Soro as a great loss to the state. The Governor made the remarks when he paid a condolence visit to the families of the deceased in Bauchi on Sunday describing the late Alhaji Manu Soro as a humble elder-stateman who contributed immensely towards the development of not only the state but the country in general. Among the children of the late Manu Soro include, the newly appointed State Commissioner, Alhaji Nura Manu Soro and Member representing Ganjuwa-Darazo Federal Constituency at the House of Representatives, Alhaji Mansur Manu Soro. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.