The Carnival Calabar, one of the unique international flagship brands of Nigeria’s tourism products has continued to be a centre of attraction at every MICE forum in West Africa and beyond because of the energy and support by the governor of the state, Professor Ben Ayade, the chairman of the Carnival commission and his local and international consultants. After a beautiful outing in Ghana during the Accra Weizo tourism and travel show some few months ago, which generated interests from some people waspromised to attend this year’s edition, the Carnival Calabar team at the recent Akwaaba African Travel Market held in Lagos also double its efforts as they were applauded for their fascinating colourful performance. The performance message was no other but a clarion call to all and sundry to unite through the carnival theme. It was a way to rally the global community, including the Diaspora and other carnival enthusiasts, to visit the warm city of Calabar for the 32 days Christmas holiday that climaxed with fun-filled and educative entertainment package for the 2019 edition. Police discover house with over 300 chained inmates in Kaduna Ooni promises Olojo celebration with a difference, unveils… Eko Hotels and Suites debut with Tropical Christmas… M/East to realise tourism market value  of $133.6bn by 2028,… NCPC reduces pilgrimage fare, seals deals with handlers The Carnival Calabar delegates led by the chairman Carnival Commission, Mr Gab Onah, did not only light up the ambience of the event, but were also the cynosure as the carnival queens and their fascinating looks turned their pavilion to a photo hub for every participant including exhibitors. The chairman of the Carnival Commission who spoke with Travelpulse&MICE on the sideline of their performance, said their outing at the travel show is just a tip of the iceberg of what people should expect at the carnival proper. “Our dryruns which is a dress rehearsal for the December show also will be more exciting and fulfilling. We have started receiving interest from our international contingents who are also a big addition to the excitement of the carnival package. “This year is going to be different and special because our governor, Professor Ayade, is leaving no stone unturned and on our part, we are working round the clock to make the event more glamourous and engaging because it is the people’s carnival and the programme is designed to revolve around the people,” Onah added. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.