The gubernatorial candidate of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), Chief Bolaji Ayorinde (SAN), in Oyo state during the last election, on Wednesday, described the former Governor of Oyo State and Osi Olubadan, Chief Rashidi Adewolu Ladoja, as someone who has contributed immensely to the economic, political and socio-cultural development of Ibadan, Oyo State and Nigeria as a whole. Ayorinde, while congratulating Ladoja on the occasion of his 75th birthday said, Ladoja is an international businessman of repute as well as a political gladiator who has withstood many political battles and is today a respected custodian of the Ibadan Chieftaincy Heritage. Man hacked to death over alleged eyeing of married woman in… UNGA video: Buhari’s remark was within context ― Presidency More than 1,100 protesters arrested after demonstration in… Bouteflika’s brother sentenced to 15 years in prison ALSO READ:  Why we concentrate on security, infrastructure development ― Buhari According to him, “the role played by Chief Ladoja in the emergence of the current high achieving administration of Governor Seyi Makinde was very prominent.” Ayorinde a former Pro-Chancellor of the Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH) and Chairman of the Legal Aid Council of Nigeria who was recently appointed by Governor Makinde as Special Counsel to the Executive Governor of the state, explained that Ladoja is a man that has stamped huge footsteps in the sands of time, adding that his contributions are indelible . Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/