The Federal Government has called on Nigerian Universities to introduce the Bachelor of Science Degree programme in Herbal Medicine as well as incorporate modules on Herbal Medicine into the curricula of Health Science Students. This call was made by the Honourable Minister of State Health, Dr. Olorunnimbe Mamora, at a press briefing to mark the  2019 African Traditional Medicine Day Celebration with the theme: ‘Integration of Traditional Medicine in the Curricula of Health Science Students in Universities in the African Region’. The event took place at the Federal Secretariat Complex, Phase 1, Abuja. The minister said that, “earlier at the 2001 gathering of African Heads of States in Abuja, the year 2001 – 2010 was declared as the decade of African Traditional Medicine (ATM) to enable the African region promote, develop and integrate traditional medicine into the main healthcare delivery system,” while stressing that, “the region is encouraged to verify claims through documentation, research, quality control and standardization of herbal medicines.” #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Tiwa Savage cancels DSTV concert in South Africa Constipation can be a symptom of stroke in elders —Expert UCH to champion intervention radiology services, training in… UCH acquires anaesthetic machines worth N81m to reduce… Punitive laws associated with HIV infections in female sex… Mamora revealed that, in line with the theme for this year, the Federal Ministry of Health had been involved in training of traditional medicine practitioners across the six geo-political zones. He stated that the ultimate goal of government intervention in this multidisciplinary sector is to derive maximum health, economic and social development benefits from traditional medicine as currently being enjoyed by some countries like China, India, Japan, United Kingdom, USA, Thailand etc. The minister therefore urged all states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory to establish Departments of Traditional, Complementary and Alternative Medicines, particularly in view of the readiness of the present administration to support researchers and manufacturers to formulate and commercialise indigenous medicinal products for the benefit of our people in particular and humanity in general. Regional Director for Africa, World Health Organisation (WHO), Dr Matshidiso Moeti, represented by Clement Peters in his goodwill message said the World Health Organisation has developed and field-tested traditional medicine training tools with pharmacy and medical students in 14 member states, and is committed to working with other member states to further integrate the practice of traditional medicine in the National Health System. Director-general, National Food,Drug Administration Control (NAFDAC), Mojisola Adeyeye, said that the agency had put in place the National Herbal Medicine Product Office which took off in March this year, where researchers and herbalists were brought together to foster the translation of traditional medicine into products. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...