The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila is leading the Nigerian delegation to the 50th Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (CPA), Africa Region, Conference kicked off in Zanzibar, Tanzania yesterday. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja yesterday by Mr Lanre Lasisi, the Special Adviser to the Speaker on Media and Publicity. According to the statement, “members of the Nigerian delegation include the Deputy Senate President, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege and lawmakers from both chambers of the National Assembly. “The 50th Conference, with the theme ‘E-Parliament: Seamless Platform for Facilitating Democracy’ will feature discussions at plenary sessions on different categories such as ‘Parliamentary Affairs: The use of ICT in strengthening public involvement in the Legislative Process,’ and Social Affairs: The use of Social Media in enhancing Parliamentarians’ Constituency engagements. Yakassai blasts Ezeife over 2023 presidency 3 killed, dozens kidnapped as gunmen waylay 14-seater bus on… REVELATIONS: How Nigeria, P&ID negotiations collapsed Reps Chief Whip Monguno fecilitates with Gov Zulum at 50 ALSO READ: Oyetola admonishes residents in flood-prone areas to be vigilant “Other categories are Gender Affairs: Empowerment of Women: Strategies to enable Women’s participation in decision making; Youth Affairs: Implementation of Youth Policies as a tool to combat Migration. “The rest of the categories for discussion at the conference include Economic Affairs: Enhancing Information and Communication Technolgy (ICT) use in providing life-changing solutions in rural communities, and Political Affairs: The role of technology in developing democratic practices. Speaking on the conference, Hon Gbajabiamila said the CPA platform would be maximized by the Nigeria delegation towards enhancing the country’s democracy and help deepen cooperation with member countries to strengthen democracy in Africa. The Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Conference is scheduled to take place on Wednesday, the 4th September 2019. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...