THE newly appointed General Secretary of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Emmanuel Ugboaja, resumed officially on Monday (yesterday) and harped on his immediate plan for the number one labour center in the country. The new NLC scribe said his immediate plan for the number one Labour center is to spearhead membership drive of affiliates and expand the area covered by work place democracy in the country. Besides, Ugboaja, a lawyer and Labour activist, pointed out that realising the dream of the founding fathers of the Congress will drive their work as he assumed the headship of the NLC secretariat. Ugboaja stated this as Nigerian Tribune learnt that plans are underway to embark on overall restructure of the NLC secretariat for better and optimal performance. He stated that the Congress will not compete with any of its affiliates or other trade unions; but will rather work together with them so that the combination of Labour force will fight for the interest of workers and the generality of Nigerians. While speaking to Nigeria Tribune, Comrade Ugboaja said, “of course, realising the dream of the founding fathers of Congress will drive our work. Every affiliate must feel the impact of Congress in the affiliate’s sphere. Congress will be in combination and not in competition with its affiliates or other trade unions. “My immediate plan is to spearhead membership drive of affiliates and expand the area covered by work place democracy in the country.” With his appointment, there is a move to restructure the NLC secretariat for optimum performance. Nigerian Tribune learnt that the NEC had given the eight-man Establishment Committee of the NLC that conducted the General Secretary interview to work in conjunction with the new general secretary for a thorough reorganization of the congress secretariat. Tackle rising unemployment to stop killings, arson, experts… Yasin bows out of NURTW as Baruwa takes over Budget padding: Ngige warns agencies •Orders submission of… Ugboaja emerges NLC scribe Affiliate unions of both the NLC and the Trade Union Congress (TUC) have commended his appointment and described it as perfect, while also congratulating him. The revered General Secretary of the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and Associate Institutions (NASU), Comrade Peters Adeyeli, said: “The appoinment of Ugboaja is a nice one. We are happy for him, we wish him all the best, we should all work and support him.” Also describing Ugboaja appointment as quite commendable, the General Secretary, Senior Staff Association of Statutory Corporations and Government Owned Companies (SSASCGOC), Comrade Ayo Olorunfemi, said it was a reward of patience. Comrade Olorunfemi said: “It is quite commendable. He has been an old horse, that is the reward of patience and hard work. As far as SSASCGOC is concern, we want to congratulate him and the congress for a good choice and for bringing a person like him.” On the tasks before the new secretary, he added: “As you can see, the labour movement is not what it used to be. As one of the old people therefore, there is the need for him to work with others especially the TUC, and to work with highly experienced secretaries in the other trade unions, to bring back the lost glory “If Labour  must participate in politics, it must be Labour oriented politics. Not Labour leaders going towards the ruling party, which has eroded the influence of Labour movement. If need be, we must take back the Labour Party and mobilise workers to support our people.” The President, Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN), Comrade Marwan Mustapha, also congratulated the new scribe and describe him as a man best suited for the job. He commended his appointment  and described it as a round peg in a round hole, adding that his choice will move the congress and Labour movement forward. He also described the NLC as a family, saying that he was very happy the way those who contested the position with him took his appointment and supported the congress decision. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...