Digital marketing agency, Wild Fusion, has been ranked as one of the top digital, creative and marketing agencies in the world for business success across 14 industries, according to a report by US-based research agency, Clutch. The report highlighted the top-performing digital agencies in industries such as automotive, business services, e-commerce, media, nonprofit, real estate, and retail, with Wild Fusion featuring in the Search Engine Optimisation category. The report is also based on extensive client-reviews. In about 10 years, Wild Fusion has built itself into one of the most reputable digital agencies in Africa, servicing a clientele that includes top-class brands such as Access Bank, British Council, Diageo (Guinness), Lafarge, Nestoil Group, Oando, and Unilever, among others. “The top-rated creative and design agencies in this report know what succeeds in each industry, understanding their nuances and audience. The companies have a record of client satisfaction and we are so excited to highlight their ratings and accomplishments,” said Ben Dobkin, Business Analyst at Clutch. ALSO READ: LG blazes trail with voice recognition app for smart home appliances LG blazes trail with voice recognition app for smart home… 6-year old Nigerian 2emerges Africa’s youngest microsoft… NCC vows to protect telecoms subsribers against cybercrimes A Brief History of Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency Clutch noted that Wild Fusion and other agencies on the list “understand the specific needs of the markets they work within”. Started in Nigeria, in 2010, the digital agency has expanded to Ghana and Kenya, providing top quality digital services to an elite clientele. Over the years, Wild Fusion has helped build Nigeria’s digital marketing capability by training 4,000+ students through the Wild Fusion Digital Centre. Alongside Wild Fusion on the list are top digital marketing agencies such as Straight North, WebFX, Ignite Visibility, Thrive Internet Marketing Agency, and Propellant Media. Speaking on the award, Abasiama Idaresit, Chief Executive Officer, Wild Fusion, said, “we are honoured to be featured on this elite list of world-class agencies. We continue to lead through digital innovation and our expertise in social and digital marketing. This further proves that we are on the right path of prosperity for Nigeria and Africa.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/