THE Nigerian Army has warned members of the public of dire consequences of hiding fleeing members of the Boko Haram and other terror groups in their homes. Following military’s unrelenting onslaught and bombardment on Boko Haram and Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) hideouts along the Lake Chad region and Northern Borno, credible information reaching the headquarters of Theatre Command, Operation Lafiya Dole indicates that some of the surviving criminals are seeking refuge in homes of some individuals in some parts of Borno and Yobe states. Deputy Director of Army Public Relations, Operation Lafiya Dole, Colonel Ado Isa, disclosed that these fugitives had been escaping and taking refuge in residences of some persons in  Maiduguri, Damboa, Gajiram, Monguno, Damasak, Biu, Gwoza Dikwa, Benisheikh, Ngamdu, Bama, Gamboru, Konduga, Gajigana and other smaller towns all in Borno State. According to him, others have run to Damaturu, Gujba, Buni Yadi, Buni Gari, Gashua, Kanamma, Yususufari, Goniri and Kukareta towns in Yobe State, among others. The Army spokesman noted that while they were making efforts to trace and fish out the fleeing criminals, “it is important to inform and warn all those harbouring the fleeing fugitives to report or hand them to the troops of Operation Lafiya Dole immediately. ALSO READ: Rape allegation: Jealous pastors responsible for Fatoyinbo’s ordeal — COZA Polaris Bank commits to climate action, sustainability Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Dignitaries honour Kashamu at mother’s funeral Nigerian youths must engage in vocational skills ― Digital… “Failure to do that would attract severe consequences.” He added that the Theatre Command had enjoined all well-meaning Nigerians, especially those residing in the aforementioned areas, to report any suspicious and strange faces in their communities. Informed military sources revealed to Sunday Tribune that following the decimation of the Book Haram/ISWAP bases on the fringe of the Lake Chad, the terrorists had no hiding place any longer. It was also gathered that some of the terrorists have started crossing to Mali, Sudan and the Central Africa Republic, as they could no longer stand the air bombardment and the heavy land artillery of the Army. The source added that some of the terrorists were seen looking for refuge in civilian houses and that very soon, the Army would commence a house-to-house search to fish out those hiding in civilian houses. The Chief of Army Staff, two weeks ago, announced that what was left in the North-East were “bandits, murderers and criminal elements looking for food to survive, as the Army is no longer fighting insurgency, but criminals.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!