Not fewer than six lives were lost in a multiple ghastly motor accident involving two articulated trucks, two commercial tricycles and an 18-seater commercial bus which occurred on the Gombe-Biu bye pass road on Tuesday afternoon in Gombe. Reports have it that ten other persons involved in the accident sustained various degrees of injuries and are currently receiving treatment at different hospitals within Gombe including the Federal Medical Center and Specialist Hospital. When our correspondent visited the Gombe State Specialist Hospital where some of the injured are being attended to, the Chief Medical Director (CMD), Dr Muazu Ishaq, said that some of the injured victims brought to the hospital had fractures while one was referred to the Federal Teaching Hospital Gombe for more urgent attention. ALSO READ:  Jigawa Assembly suspends principal officers over alleged financial impropriety Dr Ishaq said that the referred victim to the Federal Teaching Hospital, Gombe was not admitted at the hospital because of lack of enough space at the hospital pointing out that the dead bodies were deposited in the mortuary. Woman in court for beating mother-in-law to coma Court remands man in prison over alleged cultism in Ekiti Court remands two men for allegedly kidnapping a housewife Court sentences dry cleaner to 15 years in prison for… He added that three persons have been identified by their relatives for evacuation. The Fund Raising Chairman of the Nigeria Red Cross Society, Yusuf Danbayo, said that the accident occurred when a trailer lost control and hit another truck, the 18 seater bus and two tricycles. He said that the Red Cross and Federal Road Safety Corps officials evacuated the dead bodies to the mortuary of the Specialist Hospital. When contacted, Sector Commander of the FRSC, Godwin Omiko confirmed the accident and said that all the casualties were receiving treatment at various hospitals in the state. He, however, said that as at the time he spoke to newsmen he was yet to ascertain the number of dead bodies. He called on motorists and other road users to always abide by traffic rules and regulations guiding road use. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!