Over the weekend, school children, unions, businesses, teachers, scientists, celebrities and religious organisations took to the streets for a week of climate action. The demonstrations which began on September 20 marked the beginning of a global mobilization which will last until Friday, September 27. These activities will surround the UN Climate Summit being held on September 23, which will gather world leaders in an attempt to accelerate the shift away from fossil fuels, to implement the Paris Agreement and meet the climate challenge. Organisers estimate that over four million people took to the streets last Friday, kicking off a week of actions in which more than 5,800 events will take place in 163 countries. Over 7,370 websites shut down and around 3,000 companies closed their doors in support of the Global Climate Strikes. According to climate activists at 350.org, from Jakarta to New York, from Karachi to Amman, from Berlin to Kampala, from Istanbul to Québec, from Guadalajara to Asunción, in big cities and small villages, millions of people joined hands and raised their voices in defence of the climate. World Clean Up Day: Why we  participated —Nigerian youths IPCC opens meeting to consider ocean  and cryosphere report Take lead in ongoing energy revolution governments urged Nigeria, China to strengthen bilateral relation to curb… Speaking of Friday’s event, May Boeve, executive director of 350.org said, “Today, we saw a movement made up of people from all ages and backgrounds coming together and calling for the end of coal, oil, and gas. No matter what differences we have, we are together now because we are fighting for our future. “September 20 was a demonstration of intent, of four million people who took time off from work or school to say that they were ready; ready to move on and make the changes we need for a future free from fossil fuels and based in climate equity and justice. And it was only the beginning. “We have shown that we are prepared to take action. Now the governments need to follow through to act at the source of the flames that are engulfing our planet: fossil fuels. And they must prove their intentions in concrete terms: What are their plans for phase out coal, oil, and gas production? When are their deadlines and how will they fund the transition so it’s fair for everyone? “There is no more time to lose. We must start now to implement the changes we need to tackle the climate crisis and create a better world. This will be the most challenging time of our lives but the marches today give us hope not just of survival but that we can thrive.” Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!