Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo (SAN), has said that the policies and programmes enunciated by the Federal Government aimed at promoting financial inclusion remain key to the actualization of President Muhammadu Buhari’s promise of lifting millions of Nigerians out of poverty. According to Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media & Publicity, Office of the Vice President, Mr Laolu Akande in a statement on Tuesday, Osinbajo said this at the opening session of the 2019 Annual Conference of Chartered Institute of Bankers. Osinbajo made reference to the President’s June 12 speech where he stated that “we are working to lift Nigerians out of poverty and set them on the path to prosperity. We intend to lift 100 million Nigerians out of poverty over the next 10 years.” According to the Vice President, “financial inclusion, of course, is the key to realizing so much of what we expect as an economy and the President promised in his June 12 speech to lift 100 million people out of poverty in ten years, that is the commitment of the government of Nigeria. “We started that journey with our collaboration with the Bank of Industry to deliver the GEEP programme, better known as TraderMoni and MarketMoni by providing microcredit to almost 2 million petty traders. “The Bank of Industry has now brought this huge bottom of the pyramid into the formal financial system and that has been recognized worldwide,” he said. ALSO READ:  Death toll in Auchi Poly cult clash rises to seven He disclosed that recently the programme won the AfDB prize for financial inclusion. Osinbajo said: “Going forward, we now need to embark on financial training for all of those who have been brought into the net. As you know, when they’re given N10, 000 and they pay back, they are given N15, 000, N20, 000 and it goes all the way. OYC sets date to honour, mourn departed Igbo youths Climate crisis: Grassroots movements blame oil… Jigawa Assembly suspends principal officers over alleged… Protesters storm Lagos Assembly, demand probe of Ambode “But at that point, they are giving their BVNs, they are formally included in the financial system, they’re formally included as formal traders, and so we are able to give them financial training and all that.” The Vice President further said, “for very long, that bottom of the pyramid has been completely excluded and yet informal trade is a significant part of trading that is going on in our country. “So, there’s a real need out there and we must devise the methods by which those at the bottom of the pyramid can be uplifted and we must look at how we can even resource the entire value chains. What we find is that the petty trader, who just has a trade, is usually selling little bits and pieces from many of the manufacturers or fast-moving products and we found that just by giving them credit, we can resource the whole value chain all the way up.” Speaking further on what the Federal Government intends to do in improving opportunities for those at the bottom of the pyramid, the Vice President said, “we are working with the Bank of Industry, with several players in the market, especially the marketing services people to identify how to work through those value chains so that more of these people can move from petty trading, higher up in the value chain as they are resourced.” He urged stakeholders in the banking sector to support the government’s efforts in resuscitating the MSMEs and real sectors. He said, “all of that will depend on what the banking industry is prepared to do, how adaptable the banking industry will be to giving loans, especially microcredit. Everything is changing very quickly. “We must create good jobs and opportunities. We must rapidly industrialize, we must provide the environment for local businesses, small and large to create wealth and value. “We must also address the concerns of young entrepreneurs and startups, and the small traders, the millions at the bottom of the economic value chain, the millions at the bottom of the pyramid, those who sell from their trays and tabletops all over the markets in our country. “We must develop the housing sector both to provide much-needed shelter but also to boost local opportunities in the local building and building materials sectors. We know that we must ramp up our agricultural production, and provide a more efficient farm-to-market value chain, again creating millions of jobs in farming and Agribusiness generally.”  Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!