The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) on Wednesday demanded adequate compensation from the South African Government for the attacks, killings and destruction of businesses of Nigerians in that country. The union warned that such attack should not happen again to Nigerians as well as other foreign nationals in South Africa. Describing the attacks and killings reprehensible and despicable, the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) in its reaction said the action of South Africans is unacceptable while holding the Government of South Africa responsible for the attacks and killings on Nigerians. Warning that the action of the South Africans was capable of undermining the bilateral relations between the people of Nigeria and the people of South Africa, the NLC said the Government of South Africa had failed in its duty to protect or safeguard the lives and properties of foreign nationals, especially Nigerians in their country. The NLC President, Comrade Ayuba Wabba, said: “We demand appropriate compensation and an assurance that this will never happen again, not only to Nigerians but all foreign nationals in South Africa. “On our part too, we hold the South African government squarely responsible for failing in its duty to protect or safeguard the lives and properties of foreign nationals, especially Nigerians who have been subject of attacks over time.” #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Botswana issues travel warning Spain’s missing Olympic medalist found dead #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Air Peace offers to evacuate… Oyo speaker charges corps members on positive use of… He stated that the NLC condemned in strongest terms, the attacks on businesses and killings of Nigerians by the South Africans in. ALSO READ: Engr Musa Wada emerges PDP guber candidate in Kogi The attacks and killings, according to the NLC president, are beastly and unacceptable. He stated further: “The frequency and escalation of these attacks are not only reprehensible but are capable of undermining the illustrious bilateral relations between the government and people of Nigeria and government and people of South Africa.” He, however, advised Nigerians against reprisal attack on South African businesses in Nigeria, saying “as despicable as these attacks are, we will advise against crude retaliatory measures such as the burning down of perceived South African businesses in Nigeria, for, in reality, some of those businesses are owned by Nigerians. “We, therefore, appeal to Nigerians to leave this matter to the Nigerian government which has acted properly by dispatching an envoy to South Africa to express its displeasure as well as table its demands. “Accordingly, we demand an immediate end to these killings and destruction of properties.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...