MUSLIMS are subjected to hate speech the most, Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, has said. “Hate speech should never be confused with freedom of opinion,” Erdogan said on Wednesday at a high-level event on combating hate speech, hosted by Turkey and Pakistan on the sidelines of the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly. “Today, Muslims are the most subjected to hate speech, cultural racism, discrimination and insults. Muslims’ workplaces, homes, worshipping places are targeted by racist and fascist groups almost every day,” said the president. He said Muslim women are harassed for wearing headscarves on the street and workplaces. “As a country which has 6.5 million citizens abroad who are impacted by hate speech and attacks, we cannot overlook this issue,” he added. Erdogan noted that hate speech is normalised by populist politicians and media and cannot be considered within the freedom of opinion. Police discover house with over 300 chained inmates in Kaduna Never stop seeking Allah’s favour, cleric urges Muslims MURIC seeks Nigerians’ support for FG’s programmes Group advises Muslims on stress management, warns against… Muslim group commends Immigration on issuance of e-passport He also denounced violence against Muslims in India who eat beef and urged respect for freedom of faith. “In India, how will we defend Muslim youth who are being whipped, beaten by machetes and even sentenced to death just for eating beef?” Erdogan said. Cows are considered sacred in the Hindu religion and there has been a rise in attacks on Muslim cattle owners by Hindu nationalists, with several self-styled cow protection groups emerging. Turning to the situation in Kashmir, he said it had turned into an open-air prison and its residents had become prisoners. “Important duties fall on all [foreign] state institutions,” said Erdogan, and urged more active steps on regional and international levels. Reacting to attacks on Islam, the president said linking Islam, a religion of peace, with terror is an immoral slander. It is unacceptable, he said. “We will continue to pioneer all efforts to actively fight against Islamophobia, racism and hate speech,” he added. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.