The Ogun State Teaching Service Commission (TESCOM), in partnership with Google and Online Hub Educational Service is training 1,500 secondary school teachers from the three senatorial districts in the state. This is to boost qualitative service delivery in the classrooms through an ICT driven approach. Stating this was Permanent Secretary, TESCOM, Mrs Mojisola Dosunmu, during the training of the first batch of 500 secondary school teachers, during a day training for Computer Science Educators and teachers across the secondary schools tagged “TeachCS4Dev” held at Lisabi Grammar School in Abeokuta, over the weekend. The PS said the programme was in line with the vision of the present administration led by Prince Dapo Abiodun at revamping the educational sector of the state, as well as, to aid teachers, particularly the computer science educators in the classrooms with the necessary skills and methodology to impart knowledge to the students. ALSO READ:  Task Force raids Ikeja CBD, nabs 28 miscreants, 15 drug peddlers We will launch 20-year development agenda to save Oyo, Seyi… We will be bullish about implementing our development plans… Mugabe: Adeyeye, Shonibare caution African leaders on… Ekiti youths reject nullification of Senator Adeyeye’s… She reiterated the commitment of the government to boosting the morale of the teaching and non-teaching staff in the State, pointing out that the Commission was working assiduously on the early release of the letters of promotion for the year 2016/ 2017 recently approved by the Governor. In his speech, the Creative Director, Online Hub Educational Services, Mr Ishola Adebayo, said Goggle and Online Hub educational services said the training was aimed at sharpening the skills of t computer science educator and teachers as well as to widen their horizon in the field of ICT for based on their school curriculum He said the problem of teaching computer science effectively in school was as a result of poor foundation, instructional materials and lack of professional development in the delivery of computer science curriculum, adding that the training tagged” Teach Computer Science for Development,” specifically focused on classroom delivery with emphasis on bridging the practical and computational needs for computer science educators to cover the core areas, such as Robotic, Coding and designs, Networks and Internet, Data processing and Analysis. ” We believe the core area will not only improve the knowledge of the educators but will also equip them with highly developed CS skills and learned knowledge to be utilized in solving problem as we will engage the CS educator with delivery process that will foster interactive learning and conduct meaningful evaluations that offer constructive feedbacks”, Ishola said. In their submissions, the Chairman, All Nigeria Confederation of Principals of Secondary Schools (ANCOPSS), Dr. Ayodele Womiloju ,the State Chairman, Academic Staff Union of Secondary Schools , (ASUSS) ,Comrade Akeem Lasisi and the Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT) Vice Chairman, Comrade Akinola appreciated Governor Abiodun for his laudable vision for the education sector, particularly with the promise of taking the sector to its pride of place saying that teachers would always reciprocate the governor’s gesture with improved delivery in the classroom. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!