The Okun Area Traditional Council in Kogi West Senatorial District of the State, on Thursday, assured Gov. Yahaya Bello of their full support towards his re-election in the November 16 governorship election in the state. The monarchs gave the assurance when they paid a courtesy visit to the Governor along with the National Executive Members of the Okun Socio-Cultural group and Okun Development Association at the banquet hall, Government House, Lokoja, Kogi State. The traditional rulers totalling over 60 from the area, was led by the Obaro of Kabba and Chairman Okun Area Traditional Council, HRH Oba Solomon Dele Owoniyi. According to Owoniyi, the Okun people do not have a diverging voice over the second term re-election of Governor Yahaya Bello as such was the shortest means to achieving their desire. He noted that as a people, they had so many things to thank the Governor for, part of which included the newly constructed Ejiba Rice Processing Mill, located within their region in Ejiba in Yagba west of Kogi State. The royal father stressed that such infrastructure would guarantee food security for the region and the state at large, adding that it would also provide job opportunities for their youths. Oba Owoniyi further thanked the Governor for the recent confirmation of the Agbana of Isanlu, while appealing for the upgrade of some other traditional stools in the area. He affirmed that the People of Okun land were comfortable with the second term bid of the Governor as well as the choice of his running mate Chief Edward Onoja. In their separate remarks,  Senator Smart Adeyemi and the National President of the Okun Development Association, Barrister Femi Mokikan, commended the governor for the peace and harmony he had brought to the state. Buhari condemns Ghana coup attempt Rice farmers in support of border closure, pledge improved… Randy father bags 10 years in jail for raping teenage… We’ve demonstrated political will on water, sanitation,… In his response, Governor Bello thanked the people for the visit and their unalloyed support for his administration. The Governor noted that upon assumption of office, the passion with which he desired to move the state was bedevilled by some persons who did not mean well for the state. ALSO READ: UNICEF expresses worry over malnutrition threat in Borno, Yobe, others Bello, therefore, reaffirmed his commitment to continue to lead the people of the state with fairness, equity and justice; a legacy he would want to leave as his trademark. On power shift, Bello vowed never to disappoint the Okun people, noting that power belonged to the almighty and he would not take His place by promising anyone power. On road network, the governor said that he was already in touch with the relevant federal ministries to address issues of deplorable federal roads in the state. He emphasized that the need for Kabba-Isanlu-Egbe road which was awarded by the Federal Government, to be fixed for easy transport of agricultural produce and movement of people. Bello added that other interstate roads within Kogi west senatorial district were also being given topmost priority, assuring that many of the roads would-be fixed before his tenure would be over. He further said that he had directed the Commissioner for Works to take immediate action on other roads that required palliative measures while expressing confidence in the ability and competency of the commissioner. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.