The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, has called on religious leaders to support the Nigerian Army in eradicating ideologies fueling insurgency in the country. Buratai made the call at the opening of the Spiritual Warfare Seminar organised by the Nigerian Army Directorate of Chaplain Services Roman Catholic, Protestant and Directorate of Islamic Affairs on Monday in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the theme of the seminar is “Countering Insurgency and Violent Extremism in Nigerian Through Spiritual Warfare”. Represented by the Chief of Army Administration, Maj.-Gen. Mohammed Yusuf, Buratai said that the insurgents’ wrong ideological beliefs had remained the driving force behind their actions. He said that the need to defeat the ideologies of Boko Haram and ISWAP terrorists was based on the awareness that it was their ideologies that had enhanced their resource and how to recruit new fighters to their folds. According to him, terrorism will wither and die if the ideology is killed. Nigeria@59: Fintiri pardons 18 prisoners to mark… Independence: Ondo govt commutes seven death sentence to… Nigeria@59: Gbajabiamila tasks Nigerians on unity, prayers… Nigeria@59: Chevron restates commitment to Nigerian Content… “By its nature, ideologies have the power to manipulate what people think, inform their opinion and direct their attitude. It is a well-known fact that terrorism and terrorist groups will not be totally eliminated by mainly military actions. ALSO READ: Nigeria@59: Chevron restates commitment to Nigerian Content Development “This means focusing our effort on the underlying narratives through ideologies that are employed by these terrorist groups to lure innocent citizens into their fold. “Communities and the states need to be joined with the common purpose of rejecting the ideology of this group and those who exposed them. This can be better achieved through the provision of appropriate counter-narratives targeted at the ideology of the terrorist group,” he said. The Army chief said countering terrorists’ ideologies could start at the grassroots where families and local communities would be at the forefront of efforts to protect vulnerable people from succumbing to extremists’ beliefs. He said religious leaders regularly interfaced with the society, and so could make viable contributions in tackling terrorism and preventing violent extremism. Buratai said that the army had achieved great feats in the fight against insurgents, pointing out that it had broken the ranks of the terrorists and degraded their will to fight. (NAN) How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.