A non-governmental organisation, Nigeria for Justice has condemned the attacks on Nigerians in South Africa while calling on Federal government to cut all ties with the country. The President of the group, Mr Olusola Orelaja said this on Thursday after their peaceful protest at Akarigbo Palace, Sagamu, area of Ogun State. Orelaja lauds federal government for standing up to say no to the dastardly acts of South Africans, lamented the slow pace at which the government responded to the issue which allowed the excesses to persist. Orelaja said “We believe that the action happening in South Africa is unacceptable worldwide. I think to humanity, South Africans have demonstrated that they are outright killers and we in the Nigeria for Justice group are here to make our voice known to the world. “Nigerians are very accommodating and we want people to treat us that way. Not everybody is a drug dealer. We have people in South Africa that are doctors. ALSO READ: APGA will spring surprise in Kogi ― Oye Rivers: APC set to put its house in order Xenophobic attacks: Malami makes case for overhauling of… Residents groan as flood disrupts commercial in Warri,… Osun govt tackles Makinde over comments on LAUTECH “Because the world is practising democracy, we will not just say that Nigeria should cut ties with South Africa. If South Africa can come back to our level to tell us and assure us that this kind of thing will not happen again, then we can keep ties with them. “For now, we don’t need to keep ties with South Africa because they are killers. They are broad day killers. It is not a by force thing, but if they can come to our level, we can keep ties with them,” he said. Meanwhile. a member of the group, Mrs Temitope Shobowale said the act was not only happening in South Africa but across the globe. Shobowale who left Dubai to Nigeria due same problem said “I ran down to Nigeria this January with my family because of this problem in Kenya. We want this government to do something about this thing. We are suffering a lot. “It is not a crime to travel out. It is not a crime to go and hustle in any country so far you are doing a clean job. So far your hands are clean. “Though, we have bad people over there. Let our government and embassies go and fetch them out. They should denounce them and fetch them out,” she said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...