The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi III, has said the partnership between the Nigeria Police and the Gani Adams- led Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) will definitely bring the much-needed peace and tranquillity across the South-West, noting that with the new move, the police has shown a lot of commitment to stop the spate of insecurity in the zone. Oba Adeyemi said this on Wednesday shortly after holding a closed-door meeting with the Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams, who paid a visit to him at his palace in Oyo. According to a statement made to newsmen by the Aare Ona Kakanfo Media Office in Lagos, the Alaafin commended the police and the South-West governors on the recent partnership with the OPC in their efforts to curb the spate of insecurity in the zone, saying as a custodian of Yoruba culture, he was in the best position to know the advantages such partnership would serve to the people at the grassroots in terms of security to lives and properties. ALSO READ: Chinese Embassy, Abuja Photography collaborate for National Day “As custodian of Yoruba culture, the traditional rulers have the native intelligence of their respective domains and kingdoms. We are very close to the people at the grassroots, and on a daily basis, we are fed with information that is crucial to the growth and development of the region. “For instance, in Oyo town and its environs,  I have all the information from across all the 14 local governments in the state. So the traditional rulers will always have their ears on the grounds on all issues, especially, issues that have to do with the safety and security of their respective domains,” the monarch said. #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Botswana issues travel warning Spain’s missing Olympic medalist found dead #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Air Peace offers to evacuate… Oyo speaker charges corps members on positive use of… Speaking further, the Alaafin disclosed that after meeting with the Aare Onakakanfo, they both had finetuned the strategies and methods of approach on security, saying OPC would incorporate other notable groups, including the Vigilante, Agbekoyas and other reputable security outfits. He expressed optimism on the new move by the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Muhammed Adamu, saying efforts should be made to fast track the initiative, with effective modalities put in place to get all the stakeholders involved without further delay. The Aareonakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Adams, in his remark, said he would call a meeting with leaders of other security outfits and stakeholders, including the Agbekoyas, Vigilantes, leadership of all community hunters, and other relevant security outfits across the zone, now that the police and the South-West governors were ready to partner with the OPC. He promised to also relate and liase with the traditional rulers on the move to make their various communities safe against marauders. “Our royal fathers would be involved because they are in charge of their respective communities and I am very optimistic that with this development, our safety and security in the South-West will be guaranteed and criminals will no longer find their ways into the region,” Adams stated. Adams had visited the Oyo Palace, on his way back from Ogbomosho, where he met with royal fathers, including the Soun of Ogbomosho, Oba  Dr. Jimoh Oladunni; the Onijabata of Jabata, and the Ajase monarch. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...