The House of Representatives on Thursday beckoned on Federal Government to commence the rehabilitation of all federal roads across the country in the bid to provide succour for road users. The resolution was passed following the adoption of a motion of urgent public importance on the deplorable state of the Benin- Warri-Onitsha-Asaba road which is a high connectivity road, sponsored by Minority Leader, Hon. Ndudi Elumelu. In his lead debate, Hon. Elumelu called on the Federal Government through the Federal Emergency Road Maintenance Agency (FERMA) to ensure speedy rehabilitation is carried out on the road being daily plied by many travellers. The lawmaker also called for the official commendation of the Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State who has taken the initiative to use State funds to start the rehabilitation of parts of the road. On his part, Hon. Tobi Okechukwu also reiterated the urgent need to fund the rehabilitation of roads nationwide which are at a deplorable state. Police discover house with over 300 chained inmates in… DSS yet to get court order on Sowore — Spokesman Reps set up ad-hoc committee to probe N5 trillion crude… Reps reject motion seeking deregistration of political… He suggested for a martial plan and adequate budgetary provision in the 2020 Appropriation Bill for national road rehabilitation. ALSO READ: Days of agony about to end in Kogi ― DG PDP campaign Also at plenary, the Deputy Majority Leader, Hon. Peter Akpatason moved a motion on the need for Ad-hoc Committees of the House constituted to investigate various national issues to turn in their reports by 30th September 2019 deadline as directed by the Speaker of the House, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila. In his lead debate, Hon. Akpatason noted with dismay that none of the Ad-hoc Committees had concluded activities and turned in their report. He, therefore, mandated all such Committees to ensure they turn in all such reports not later than a two week extended deadline of October 14th, 2019 so that the functions of standing committees of the House will progress smoothly and unhindered. The motion was voted on and passed, with the Deputy Speaker ruling that the leadership would ensure the strict compliance of Ad-hoc committees with the new deadline. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.