Royal African Young Emerging Entrepreneurship Summit (RAYEES), an initiative of the Ooni of Ife, Ooni Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, Ojaja II has been endorsed by the British High Commissioner to Nigeria, Ms Catriona Laing, describing the initiative as a multiplicity for digital transformation and new wealth creation ecosystem that should be commended as a practical approach to socio-economic development for millions of youths across the continent. Laing gave the endorsement last week at her residence in Abuja during a meeting with Ooni’s delegation led by the Director of Media & Public Affairs, Comrade Moses Olafare in respect of the maiden edition of The Royal African Young Emerging Entrepreneurs (RAYEES) slated for November 2019 at the Henley Business School, University of Reading, UK. “I must commend His Imperial Majesty’s broad vision of enriching the lives of young ambitious and fantastic Africans youths through enterprises. “This initiative is well structured to propel young Africans to redesign models of human capacities development, serve as an optimal infrastructure, transformative force, shaping business framework, socio-economic prosperity and injecting a new leadership system that are compatible with the 21st century advancement. “I enjoyed the overall reception and strategic conversation that I had with Ooni of Ife during my official courtesy visit to the Royal Court of the Kingdom of Ife and I would like to commend the King for the choice of Henley Business School as a nurturing mechanism and training framework for these young emerging entrepreneurs’ in the UK. I’m keen to exploring synergies that would advance the productive and sustainable implementation of this outstanding initiative.” Ooni’s Director of Media and Public Affairs, Mr Olafare had earlier introduced Mr Olamide Awosunle, Special Assistant to Ooni of Ife on Youth Development and Wealth Creation and London based Dr. Ayobami Oyedare, the CEO of Ooni of Ife Global Outreach (OIGO) as members of the royal team. Polaris Bank commits to climate action, sustainability Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Dignitaries honour Kashamu at mother’s funeral Nigerian youths must engage in vocational skills ― Digital… ALSO READ: Gbajabiamila commends Ganduje over developmental strides Olafare reinforced the vision of Ooni of Ife towards the actualisation of creative entrepreneurship that can lead to economic prosperity and serve as contemporary life-tube for job creations and swift wealth sharing for millions. Also speaking, Dr Ayobami explained that the endorsement and support of the other partners will catalyse new leadership system that will be compatible with the 21st century advancement. “With exceptional partnership from Oracle UK, InterTalent UK, Parsons School of Design in New York City (NYC), Semicolon, Afrinolly and endorsement from British High Commission, National Directorate of Employment (NDE), Small and Medium Enterprises Agency of Nigeria (SMEDAN), the initiative will tremendously propel young Africans to redesign models of human capacities development, serve as an optimal infrastructure, transformative force, shaping business framework, socio economic prosperity and injecting a new leadership system that are compatible with the 21st century advancement. “The summit at Henley Business School, University of Reading UK will provide first-class facilities with exciting comprehensive skills integration for four days. Selected young emerging entrepreneurs will receive up-to-date sophisticated business canvas sessions to be coached by Henley Centre of Entrepreneurship, round table discussions, workshops, inspirational pep-talks, parallel projects pitch sessions for designated grants. Every candidate will be awarded Henley certificate and will be inducted into the Henley Alumni global networks. “It is imperative that we encourage and support more young people to step into the space of start-ups as we revamp the entrepreneurial spirit and ecosystem. For the past three years, various spectrums of projects and opportunities for young Nigerians and others from Africa have been established by His Imperial Majesty (H.I.M) Ooni of Ife aiming at fostering economic inclusion for women and youths in fields such as agriculture, fashion, creative culture, and SMEs driving financial inclusion and unhindered access for SMEs which in turn stimulates economic security and growth across different spheres,” he explained. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!