Veteran Nollywood actor-cum-producer, Kareem Adepoju, popularly known as Baba Wande, has signed a multimillion naira project deal with leading housing firm, Adrons Home and Properties, to commence the shoot of his popular movie entitled: “Ti Oluwa Nile” into series of about 52 episodes. Speaking on the need to embark on the project, Chief Executive Officer of Adrons Homes & Properties, Mr. Akintola Emmanuel King, disclosed that aside from the fact that the movie is one of the unforgettable oldies in the history of indigenous movies and going by the story line, “we at Adrons Home take note in ensuring that Nigerians get the right landed properties with a proper document to back it up. “We at Adrons home are happy to be working and as well learning from the wealth of knowledge of Adepoju as we all know him and we looking forward to a long-lasting relationship that this partnership and investment will yield in the future.” FCE Osiele to honour OBJ, Obey, Tunde Kelani, others Sammie Okposo, Chioma Jesus, others shine at Switch with… Tiger Beer re-launches with ‘Uncage Party’ Six finalists make it to DFA Bootcamp Adepoju noted that the upcoming series will have a bit of a modern touch but retaining its major central idea. “As a thespian in the creative industry, we are saddled with the responsibility of passing the right message  across via comic relief method and other means. Ti Oluwa Nile as you all know is a movie I worked hard to conceive and with Adron Homes&Properties proposing we make a series out of it; is a laudable project that I am glad to do. We would be hitting location pretty soon and hope you all will accept the series just the way you did with movie back then’ Reiterating further, Adrons Homes &Property Group media head/consultant, Saidi Balogun also disclosed that the leading property firm is not just limited  to just housing alone as through its Corporate social responsibilities (CSR) equally give laudable support to the creatives in the entertainment industry at large. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/