Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has urged Nigerians not to lose hope in the ability of the country to emerge among the world’s greatest nations, but rather team up with the government in its efforts to bring about positive changes that would ensure progress and development. Sanwo-Olu made the call on  Sunday while speaking at a special thanksgiving service held at Chapel of Christ The Light, Alausa, Ikeja, an event organised by the state government to commemorate Nigeria’s 59th Independence Day Celebration. The governor, who was represented by his wife, Dr. (Mrs.) Ibijoke Sanwo-Olu said there was a strong need for Nigerians to cohabit in love and be extremely tolerant of others to pave the way for the peace of God to reign which in turn would ensure the transformation of the country. He said despite the numerous challenges confronting Nigeria, there was still hope, expressing optimism that there would soon be a time when people from all over the world would be thronging the country to see and appreciate God’s greatness. “Despite our challenges, we still have hope that in our lifetime, people will be rushing to Nigeria like Dubai and America. “The truth is that there is hope for Nigeria and this reminds me of Martin Luther King Jr. who had a dream for America. For Nigeria, it is possible as well and it is going to happen in our lifetime,” Sanwo-Olu said. ALSO READ:Kogi guber: Ohinoyi tasks women to unite against violence, intimidation during election The governor added that it was important for the people to be reminded of the powerful desire for peace, unity and the need to sustain and deepen democracy, adding that Nigeria had so much to be thankful and grateful for irrespective of the differences as the country was already on the right path to greatness. “As we celebrate the 59th Anniversary of our independence, we know we are on the right path. Although we have our differences, they count far less than the values, virtues and common aspirations that unite us as a nation. We have so much we should be grateful for, and in which we should rightly take pride. N90bn FIRS fund: We don’t endorse corruption ― CAN Ayade meets Abba Kyari on Bakassi Deep Sea Port project Ipati farmland: Appeal court rules in favour of Loso… Nasarawa to compete among top three economy viable states ―… “My message to Lagosians and Nigerians is captured in the book of Galatians chapter 5, verse 13 which says ‘Brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for an occasion of flesh, but by love serve one another,’ I implore  everyone to cohabit in love, be tolerant to your neighbours and let the peace of God rule in our state and nation,” the governor said. He, however, assured Lagosians that his administration was on course and fully charged to deliver on all the promises made to the people aimed at making the state greater, and one which works for all in which there would be equal opportunity for every resident to pursue legitimate aspirations. Besides, the governor eulogised the labour and sacrifice of Nigeria’s heroes past to free the country from colonial rule, adding that the country more than ever before, owed it a duty to the younger generation to come together as brothers and sisters, to collectively develop lasting solution to her challenges, so that the labour and sacrifice of the founding fathers would not be in vain. “More than ever before, we owe it a duty to the younger generation to come together as brothers and sisters, to collectively develop a lasting solution to our challenges, so that the labour and sacrifice of our founding fathers will not be in vain. “As we journey towards the 60 years of independence celebration next year, I enjoin all Lagosians to keep working and praying for the continued unity and peace of Nigeria and the development of Lagos State in particular,” Governor Sanwo-Olu said. In his sermon, Pastor John Ekundayo of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) Hossanah Parish, Lagos Province 27, said Nigeria was in dire need of followers who would rise up and challenge the old order. Ekundayo, who spoke on the theme: “Restorer Of City To Dwell,” Ekundayo took his text from Isaiah 58: 2 and Joel 2: 25 to 27, urging the people not to be discouraged but have hope for a better Nigeria. This was just as he prayed that God would raise restorers who would, in turn, transform the country. The service was attended by dignitaries from all walks of life, including senior Lagos State government officials, members of the Nigerian Armed Forces, Nigeria Police, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), traditional chiefs, community leaders, politicians, among others. Prayers were also offered for the peace, progress and transformation of Nigeria, while there were various musical performances by the Lagos State Orchestra Group and Chapel of Christ The Light Choir, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/