A yet-to-be-identified mother and her two children have been confirmed dead in Odo-Ayedun Ekiti in Ikole Local government area of the state after eating yam flour. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the father is also in a critical state at the Federal Teaching Hospital in Ido-Ekiti, as doctors were said to be battling to save his life. Our correspondent gathered that it was a suspected case of food poisoning. Confirming the sad development to newsmen, the lawmaker representing Ikole Constituency II at the Ekiti State House of Assembly, Hon. Adeoye Aribasoye in Ado Ekiti on Thursday called for a serious investigation on the issue. Aribasoye, who did not give the identity of the deceased said the flour was made by the mother, which was served to all the family members as dinner. He said, “After they ate the flour, the mother and the two children complained of stomach ache overnight and they resulted to self-medication which led to the death of the mother on Monday and the two children in quick succession between that Monday and Tuesday. Yemi-Esan assumes duty as Acting Head of Service PDP: House Minority leader tears BoT apart Confluence Rice Mill: Attestation of Gov Bello’s desired… Free Sowore protest hits Nigerian Mission in New York ALSO READ: Flood destroys valuables in Ilorin “Before the deaths were broken to the father, he was already down and the father was rushed to FETHI, who is currently battling with his life.” Aribasoye lamented the poor health facilities at the health centre in Odo Ayedun community, adding that the deceased were unable to get first aid medical attention. In his response during plenary, speaker of the Ekiti State House of Assembly, Hon. Funminiyi Afuye sympathized with the deceased’s family and the entire people of the constituency over the tragic incident. He directed the House committee on health to commence investigation into the matter. When contacted, the police public Relations Officer, Ekiti State Command, DSP Caleb Ikechukwu confirmed the incident. He said the police would join hands with other institutions to investigate the cause of the deaths. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!