PUBLIC office holders and government officials have been admonished to always have time for God despite their tight schedules. The guest speaker, Pastor Michael Adebayo Adeoye, gave the advice at the service of song tagged: “Celebration of Life” of Mrs Janet Olukoya, mother of the General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya. He added that it was essential for government functionaries, especially national leaders at federal and state levels, to always see the need to create time for God, noting that this would strengthen their faith and relationship with God as well as afford them divine wisdom to rule and guide the country aright. Adeoye, during his sermon at the church headquarters at Onike-Yaba, Lagos State, also reminded all public office-holders that their reign in any political post or appointments has a time frame and that it is only their impact that would be remembered. Invest more in education to end insecurity,  Kumoluyi… Don’t run after the world, Fape charges clerics Cleric urges prayers for Nigerians facing xenophobic attacks OAIC wants S/West governors to draw master plan for region No bomb explosion at South African High Commission ― FG “I want to commend those that hold God in high esteem and ruling the affairs with the fear of God. This is the best and the only way to go. I pray that God will continue to help and guide us all. We must always obey His commandments and always seek His face for divine wisdom. We must not rule with flesh, because we are imperfect as human,” he said. While describing the good works of the deceased, who lived her life with the service of God’s work, the cleric also charged Christians and every human to be mindful of how they live their lives. “Mrs Olukoya has done her bit and she has gone to rest. Part of her good works is the result of MFM. We will all give account of all we do on earth and this is why we should be conscious of what we do in at all time,” he added. Some of the dignitaries that graced the event included wife of the Lagos State governor Dr. Ibijoke Sanwo-Olu; wife of the Minister of Works and Housing, Mrs Abimbola Fashola; former deputy governor of Osun State, Mrs Titi Laoye-Tomori; Senator Lanre Tejuoso, gospel music veteran, Evangelist Bola Are, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...