To start with, menstruation is the periodic discharge from the lining of the uterus in females. It is a normal vagina bleeding that occurs as part of a woman’s monthly cycle. The menstrual cycle is required for production of cells that develop into eggs or ova and for the preparation of the uterus for pregnancy. Every month, the body prepares for pregnancy so if no pregnancy occurs, the uterus sheds its lining and that’s the menstrual blood. The menstrual blood contains partly blood and partly tissue from the uterus. The menstrual cycle and period is controlled by the oestrogen and progesterone. After the first cycle, there is high probability of seizure or irregularity in menstrual cycle which is very normal. Most females will have their period recur every 28 days but it is also possible for adult women to have it recur 21-35 days. Premenstrual symptoms are different for every female, they include tenderness and swelling of the breast, cramps, tiredness, acne breakouts, premenstrual syndrome, mood swings, etc During menstruation, most females use tampons, sanitary pad or menstrual cups. Sanitary pad is an absorbent item worn in the underwear by females who are menstruating. Sanitary pads are also worn by females recovering from gynecologic surgery, experiencing abortion or miscarriage or in any other situation where it is necessary to absorb vagina fluid. Toxic Shock Syndrome (TSS) is a severe complication of certain bacterial infections and it is associated with pads and tampons because the blood that accumulates in them can serve as a medium for the bacteria. So, it is advisable to not have a pad worn for more than six hours. Menstrual cup is also a feminine hygiene device that is used to collect menstrual fluid and prevent it from leaking onto clothes. It is inserted into the vagina during menstruation and as dangerous as that may sound, menstrual cups are safe to use as long as it is used as directed. Although there might be a little discomfort during insertion, the overall risk for adverse side effect of using menstrual cups is minimal. And with menstrual cup, although the risk of Toxic Shock Syndrome is lower than in pads and tampons, it still exists. Viable alternative to curbing air pollution Debut of Nigerian People’s Liberation Front Shortcomings in governance Nigerian youths, education and migration Over 800,000 women die annually from poor menstrual hygiene making it the fifth biggest killer of women behind heart diseases, stroke, low respiratory infections and chronic obstructive diseases. The problem of poor menstrual management is however heightened among incarcerated females. Being imprisoned doesn’t make a person less human, thus they also face health risks particularly when they are forced to improvise hygiene menstrual supplies; toilet papers, rags or papers to wipe and keep themselves clean. Commendations must however be given to organizations such as Reaching Minds Foundation, Sanitary Aid and others who have risen to promote menstrual health hygiene using their platforms. However, the government needs to do more in this aspect as they are the overseer of the citizenry, whether males or females.  Okanlawon Mosunmola, Oyo State Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!