The Peoples Democratically Party (PDP) on Thursday cautioned the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) not to attempt to use its extrapolations on violence as cover and justification to manipulate the November 16 Governorship election in Kogi state. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan, the party declared that it was poised to win the Kogi election adding that the INEC must ensure a credible, free and fair process devoid of orchestrated logistic failures that stoke agitations and violence in elections. It insisted that INEC should issue a direct warning to the state governor,  Yahaya Bello and the All Progressives Congress (APC) to desist from any act of violence in the election, as the people of Kogi state were at alert and fully prepared to confront the Governor and his party on all fronts. According to it, “our party is already aware of the heinous plots by jittery Yahaya Bello  to orchestrate violence, having realized that there is no way he can win in this election. ALSO READ: Utuoke Varsity to convocate 1121 students, 72 bag First Class Yemi-Esan assumes duty as Acting Head of Service PDP: House Minority leader tears BoT apart Confluence Rice Mill: Attestation of Gov Bello’s desired… Free Sowore protest hits Nigerian Mission in New York “Our message to the sinking governor is that such cannot save him from a crushing defeat at the poll “While the PDP do not support or preach violence, it must be noted that our party is standing behind the people of Kogi state in their determination never to allow anybody to intimidate or suppress them”. The Party reminded INEC and Governor Yahaya Bello to note that the November 16 election was a determined march by the people against “a suppressive, cruel, chaotic, sadistic, acrimonious and inhuman administration”. According to the Party, ” it is a determined march against acute poverty, hunger and starvation, fear, general low life and despondency in the state, which Governor Yahaya Bello and the APC represent “The Kogi election will mark a definite and inevitable triumph of light over darkness, freedom over suppression, prosperity over poverty, justice over impunity, peace over violence, progress over stagnation, democracy over personality cult and self-centeredness. No amount of intimidation can stop the people in this resolve”. The Party, therefore, counselled INEC to desist from negative extrapolations and be ready to deliver a credible, free, fair, transparent election, devoid of deliberate logistic failures tailored to frustrate the will of the people. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!