The National chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole during the weekend in Benin commended a Benin high chief, Chief David Edebiri, the Esogban of the Benin Kingdom for brokering peace between the feuding factions of the party in the state. Oshiomhole who spoke in company of APC leader, Senator Bola Tinubu, elder statesman, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai and host of others at the 90th birthday celebration of Chief Edebiri said that he was deeply grateful to the high chief who helped in settling the “little issues in the party in the state.” There have been rumbles within the ranks of the ruling party in the state over the June 17 night time inauguration of only nine out of the 24 members of the Edo State House of Assembly, an action which pitched Governor Godwin Obaseki against the party’s national chairman. ALSO READ: Gbajabiamila leads Nigerian delegation to Commonwealth Parliamentary conference The former Edo State governor recalled with nostalgia how he was introduced to the Esogban sometime in 2007 when he sought to become governor and how he (Chief Edebiri) adopted him and presented him to the former Oba of Benin, Omo N’Oba Erediauwa, adding that he remained indebted to the Benin monarchy for the support he received during his time as governor. ‎The APC National Chairman while expressing his commitment to do anything to uplift the Benin Kingdom, which he said has been kind to him, He said: “I want to use this opportunity to still thank the Esogban for settling the internal quarrel within the APC before the last Presidential election to ensure impressive performance for President Buhari.” Yakassai blasts Ezeife over 2023 presidency 3 killed, dozens kidnapped as gunmen waylay 14-seater bus on… Reps Chief Whip Monguno fecilitates with Gov Zulum at 50 N100m concession agreement: Malami moves to avert another… Alhaji Yakasai stressed the need for Nigerians to continue to fight for the economic independence of the country for the benefit of the people. He said though Nigeria has achieved political independence but it is yet to achieve economic independence for its citizenry. The elder statesman: “We must continue to fight for economic independence so that our country will continue to be as rich as any other country in the world. Nigeria is the biggest market in African with a population of 200 million people, we should struggle to make sure that that market serves the interest of our people and that is the struggle ahead of us now, we will continue till economic independence is achieved.” He continued: “We fought for the independence of our country when Britain agreed to give us independence in 1960, Edebiri was one of those who said after independence, we must also fight for economic independence but unfortunately we have not achieved much in terms economic independence.” Also speaking, the National leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Sen. Bola Ahmed Tinubu said the APC is out to sweep the debris of the past for a better Nigeria. He advised Nigerians not to listen to what he described as noise in the market, noting that If there were no complaints in politics then, there is no democracy. “So you don’t have to pay attention to the noise in the market because people are selling various articles. But what is consistent is that politics is a market of many branches, our is the broom and we come together to clear and sweep all the debris of the past and we are going to win,” he said. Tinubu described chief Edebiri as a man of true honesty leader with integrity who speaks the truth at all times. . SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...