The Nigerian Film Corporation has partnered with the French Agency for Development to provide film training in Nigeria. Mr Brian Etuk, Head of Public and Intergovernmental relations at the French Agency for Development, announced the development of the film industry, by adding that the partnership was aimed at securing direct funding for the development of critical infrastructure to further reposition the Nigerian Film Industry. “The funding intervention will be funnelled into training and capacity building for the professional, amateur and upcoming filmmakers across the country. The National Film Institute (NFI) in Jos, Plateau State, will serve as the training fulcrum, while NFC will equally support the expected funding with the provision of physical infrastructure. Outrage as police invade church in Ondo, dig altar Young Nigerian artist, Kareem to meet Taiwanese President Facebook unveils new Portal video chat, TV streaming devices Nollywood actor Yul Edochie says his mother  predicted his… Nigerian comedienne Lepacious Bose celebrates mom at 79 “The infrastructure which will require upgrades through the funding is expected to add to the film production value chain and ecosystem,” he said. NFC signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Lagos-Paris-Arts to partner, develop and promote the Nigerian creative industry. “The MoU provides the attraction of direct foreign investment, transfer of technology and employment opportunities for Nigerians, with the creation of institutional linkages between African and European creative industries. “The NFC and Lagos-Paris-Arts will be expected to jointly undertake outreach capacity training in film production at the NFC zonal offices across the country. Lagos-Paris-Arts shall also provide state of the art learning facilities suited for the development of digital contents at the training locations,’’ he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!