OYO, Lagos, Kano, the FCT and 12 other states received a whopping N6.5 billion under the Basic Health Care Provision Funds (BHCPF), as the Federal began the disbursement of the first tranche of the fund on Tuesday. Other states that benefited from the first tranche of the fund Edo, Katsina, Yobe, Delta, Adamawa, Bauchi, Anambra, Kaduna, Imo, Bauchi, Bayelsa, Ebonyi and Plateau. At the official disbursement of the first tranche yesterday, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire disclosed that a total N13.775 billion has already been released for the initial phase of disbursement; out of which N6.5 billion to 15 states and the FCT. He pointed out that the 15 states and the FCT, that are already benefitting from the disbursement are those that had met the eligibility criteria as at February 2019, adding that other states which have now met the eligibility criteria will be accommodated. ALSO READ:  Our members fought dirty in Rivers, Oshiomhole confesses He said the BHCPF is to be administered through three gateways, namely, the NHIS, NPHCDA and the Federal Ministry of Health; adding that in the NHIS gateway, the National Health Insurance Scheme through the State Health Insurance Schemes will purchase a Basic Minimum Package of Healthcare Services for all participating Nigerians. Dr Enahire said: “Today, it is with deep pleasure and high expectations that I am here before you all to officially launch the first phase of disbursement of funds to benefitting states through the NHIS Gateway. For this initial phase of disbursement, a total of N13.775 billion has been released, of which the National Health Insurance Scheme will be disbursing N6.5 billion to fifteen states plus the FCT which had met the eligibility criteria as at February 2019.” He commended the Executive Secretary of NHIS, Prof Mohammed Sambo and the management of NHIS, for initiating the necessary reforms for repositioning the scheme and ensuring accountability and transparency in the BHCPF disbursement process. He said: “It is our plan and desire that this fund will be judiciously utilised by the benefiting states which will, in turn, reduce the hardship experienced by many Nigerians who daily pay throughout of pocket as a result of ill health. The minister said: “It is indeed a historic moment in our quest to improve the quality of life of the people of our country, especially in the area of health which is interlinked with socio-economic development. Kim Kardashian test positive for Lupus antibodies Foundation brings smiles to the faces of Ile- Oluji people… NASS to integrate UN declaration on Universal Health… Constipation can be a symptom of stroke in elders —Expert “You will recall that Universal Health Coverage is a top priority on the global agenda and an integral part of the Sustainable Development Goals which many nations including Nigeria are pursuing vigorously for the benefit of their citizens. “As you are aware, the Government of Nigeria in 2014 signed the National Health Act into law in response to the poor health outcomes. This important legislation provides for the earmarking of not less than one per cent of the consolidated revenue of the Federal Government of Nigeria to improve the health of all Nigerians. “Regrettably, this fund was not appropriated for the commencement of the implementation of the program until the 2018 fiscal year. However, with the needed ’Political Will’, this Government has commenced the release of the funds for the provision of much-needed health services to all Nigerians especially the vulnerable populations. “Indeed, this commitment was strongly expressed by Mr President himself in his speech at the 2019 Inaugural June 12 Democracy Day event, where we said, and I quote: ‘We will accelerate investments in primary, secondary and tertiary healthcare programs, interventions and infrastructure.” Also speaking, the Executive Secretary of NHIS, Prof. Sambo, the disbursement of the BHCPF is an attempt by the NHlS to demonstrate in practical terms, one of the pillars of their rebranding agenda, which is Transparency and Accountability. “It is also to signal a covenant with the people of our great nation, that we shall uphold openness and transparency in all our activities, both under the Basic HealthCare provision Fund and our statutory operations as NHIS,” he said. Prof. Sambo added: “It is worthy of note that Nigeria’s commitment to the attainment of Universal Health Coverage (UHC) is effectively symbolised by the passage of the National Health Act 2014, which in Section II mandates the establishment of a Basic Healthcare Provision Fund (BHCPF) to support the effective delivery Of Primary Healthcare Services, provision of a Basic Minimum Package of Healthcare Services (BMPHS) and Emergency Medical Treatment to all. According to him, the BHCPF is expected to be funded through the Federal Government annual grant of not less than one per cent of its Consolidated Revenue Fund; Grants by international donor and development partners and; Funds from other sources. “Today, we are witnesses to the operationalisation of the NHIS gateway of the fund, through the disbursement of N5.6billion to the first phase of 15 states, as well as the FCT. There is no doubt that this activity will bring healthcare within the reach of otherwise indigent and vulnerable citizens of our dear country. Thus, the match towards UHC has received a major boost.” he said. The NHIS executive secretary expressed gratitude to President Muhammadu Buhari for the political will and courage to trigger the implementation of the BHCPF, thereby meeting the health needs of many otherwise faceless, voiceless Nigerians. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!