THE Federal Government on Thursday lamented delay in the take-off of the $195m maritime security contract awarded to an Israeli firm, HSLI. Addressing maritime journalists during the 3rd Maritime Stakeholders Interactive Forum in Lagos, the Honourable Minister of Transportation, Rt. Hon Rotimi Amaechi decried claims that buying the equipment meant for the project was the reason behind the delay. According to the Honourable Minister of Transportation, “The contractor claimed that equipment meant for the project is not what you buy off the shelf, that to me is not enough reason for the delay in the take-off of the project. “They (HSLI) said they have to fabricate the equipment and bring it down to Nigeria, but we are losing man-hours, human beings and business to insecurity on our waters.” Hon Rotimi Amaechi also revealed that the Honourable Minister of Transportation, State, Gbemisola Saraki will personally be in charge of all maritime agencies while he will be focusing on the Railway sector. “In my first term as Minister, I completely abandoned the maritime sector to the Heads of Agencies. This term around, that won’t be happening again as I have instructed that the Honourable Minister of Transportation for State should personally supervise the maritime agencies, while I just oversight what is happening. ALSO READ:  Instead of appealing judgement, PDP, Atiku should apologise to Nigerians ― Lai Mohammed “There are two things I discussed with Mr President that I will be focusing on in this second term as Minister, and they are maritime security and the Single Window project. I have assured the government that by the end of 2020, we should have the Single Window at our maritime sector. “Just yesterday, we got approval to complete the $5.3bn Ibadan to Kano rail project. We have also applied for funding to commence coastal rail for the Port-Harcourt to Warri segment.” Also addressing journalists after the programme, the Hon. Minister of Transportation for State, Gbemisola Saraki promised to work on issues associated with cadets having sea-time in Nigeria. NPA assures workforce of improved welfare MWUN denounces merchant seafarers association NIMASA encouraging capacity building through essay… Train derail paralysed port operations for 48 hours —ABTL In her words, “Don’t forget that I chaired the Senate Committee on Marine Transport for four years, so maritime is not new to me. I am just going to take my time because newer issues, like insecurity, have come onboard. “We are going to look at the issues of cadets not getting sea-time. We are also going to look at the issues of ship registry and cargo tracking note. “We want to know how many jobs the maritime sector will create.” In his own presentation, the Executive Secretary of the Nigerian Shippers Council (NSC), appealed to the Seaport Terminal Operators of Nigeria (STOAN) to join the shipping lines in reducing charges at the ports. “We are actually competing with the cost and demurrages at our ports. 35 per cent of the shipping line charges will be removed by next month, so I am appealing to STOAN to also come on board so that there would be a reduction of cost at our ports. “There is also responsibility with the private sector to create a conducive atmosphere for their operations. The operating atmosphere in Nigeria is harsh. The government must improve its infrastructure. “The problem we are having is that we only have one mode of transport at the ports, and this is not good. “We need also to check the excesses of government agencies especially their charges. The NPA has no right to make any charge without references to the Shippers Council. Likewise Nigerian Railway Service and NIMASA, they don’t have the right to make any charge unless they discuss with us. But these things happen and are affecting the sector. “I will like NIMASA as part of their contribution to remove certain instructions concerning charges at the ports. “We urge the ministry of transportation to have a dialogue with the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) because it is not actually the revenue that should be the main target but the promotion of trade and ease of doing business at the ports.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!