Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike has directed the Governing Council of the Rivers State University to continue with the suspended employment exercise for academic and non academic staff of the university. The Governor gave the directive during the commissioning of the University’s Students Union Building on Monday at the school premises saying that he was compelled to suspend the exercise because of the negative issues that bedevilled it. According to him: “I suspended the process for the employment exercise due to the issues that emanated from it. The committee that I set up to investigate the process has turned in its report. “I am satisfied  with the report of the committee. Therefore, I have informed the Pro-Chancellor to go ahead with the employment exercise”. ALSO READ: FUOYE crisis: Fayemi meets school management Wike said unlike other leaders, he has never interfered with admission and employment  processes of any institution in the state pointing out that his transparent approach to administration gives him the moral power to discipline erring officials. The Governor approved the construction of an ultra-modern Senate Building for the Rivers State University pledging that if the Pro-Chancellor and Acting Vice Chancellor make the design available on time, the building would be completed  by the first anniversary of his second term. He called on the Students Union Leadership to use the new facility to fight cultism,  harrassment of female students and examination  malpractices. He changed the Acting Vice Chancellor to be firm and ensure that the University continues to move forward. Buhari unfolds plans to reverse climate change in Nigeria N90bn election fund: Your allegations against Osinbajo are… Lagos-Ibadan rail: Amaechi berates CCECC for slow pace of… How FG policy on diversification can work ―Oyetola Pro-Chancellor of the Rivers State University,  Justice Iche Ndu said the completion of the Students Unions Building is the sixth major project completed by Governor Wike in the institution. He assured the Governor that the Governing Council and Management of the institution would work towards making the State  University,  a world class institution. The Pro-Chancellor appealed to students to use the new building to fight vices stressing that the University should be a centre of learning. ALSO READ: Fayemi appoints ex-EKSU DVC as Ekiti college provost Acting Vice Chancellor of the University,  Professor Opuenebo B. Owei, described the delivery of fbe building  as a milestone in the annals of students unionism. She said: “This is a milestone in the annals of students unionism.  It gives the students a sense of belonging as major stakeholders “. Also speaking, the Permanent Secretary of Bureau of Special Projects,  Mr Sunday Okere said the magnificent building was constructed and equipped by Governor Wike. President of the Students Union Government of the Rivers State University,  Comrade Precious Pepple said that Rivers people re-elected Governor Wike because  they want him to execute more projects for them. Highpoint of the occasion was the presentation of an Appreciation Award to the Rivers State Governor by President National Union of Rivers State Students,  NURSS, Comrade  Patrick Ogbuehi. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!