Worried by increasing cases of violence and criminal activities, especially among Nigerian youths in and outside the country, the ActionAid Nigeria has intensify efforts directing towards stemming and reversing the trend. The group, which is the country’s arm of the global non-governmental organisation in this regards brought together no fewer than 101 youths (male and female) from across the 36 states of the federation and the federal capital territory-Abuja, for a week-long leadership and followership training in Lagos. The programme held at the citizenship and leadership training centre, otherwise known as sea school, Apapa, was designed, according to the group, to inculcate a culture of patriotism, selflessness and integrity among youths as they grow older and to all Nigerians by extension. The country director of the group, Mrs Ene Obi, at the forum, emphasized that there is a serious need for youths who engage in violence and other criminal activities in the country and elsewhere abroad, to desist from the practice, and instead, embrace acceptable societal norms in all their dealings. She cited the recent incidents of arrest and listing of many young Nigerians among suspects of global internet fraud by security operatives in the United States and the various gunmen attacks on innocent Nigerians in many parts of the country, among others as references. She said such incidences are not only worrisome but totally unacceptable to a country as Nigeria which is pursuing global relevance. According to her, youths will need to believe in themselves by overcoming their fears and managing well both their good and bad times as they confront with reality of life. She, however, asked participants, comprising students, workers and employment seekers, to cultivate the attributes that would make them good citizens and leaders, identifying virtues of probity and accountability as parts of virtues to embrace anywhere they find themselves now and in future. “By this, you are expected to always shun and fight any form of social vices such as financial corruption, thuggery, exam malpractice, armed robbery, sexual harassment, drug abuse, and so forth as consequences of these are grievous on perpetrators and the society at large,” she said. Osinbajo, ministers, FG lawyers meet over P&IB $9.6b… Ekiti SUBEB Chairman seeks legislature’s support to revamp… Team up to improve healthcare delivery, FG charges… Police arrest suspect who allegedly stab okada rider to… While noting that the camp boot programme is put together by the youth wing of Actionaid Nigeria, named ‘Activista, Mrs Obi said the organisation does so to build both mental and physical capability of Nigerian youths so as to dissuade them from crime and lift them out of poverty to become responsible citizens and leaders. According to her, becoming a positive change agent in any society required serious transformation of youths and that is what we are doing as an organisation with Activista. ALSO READ: Suicide: Men, more likely to end lives than women ― Neuropsychiatrist “And the efforts so far have yielded (and still yielding) tremendous results because so many people are using the knowledge and experience gained through the platform to contribute meaningfully to nation-building,” she noted. One of the participants and a final year student of Adamu Augie College of Education, Argungu, Kebbi State, Mr Sanusi Ahmad, said he joined the youth wing of ActionAid in 2015 as a volunteer and that since then, he has never relented in humanitarian activities. “For example,” he pointed out, “I joined other members in strengthening citizens’ engagement on electoral processes and human rights campaign and all that in both urban and remote communities of Kebbi State and through that, spreading the gospel of patriotism among youths.” The 25-year-old Kebbi State coordinator of the group, however, said he would ever remain committed to activities that would make him relevant to the society. Similarly, a female participant from Benue State, Udemah Dooufanter, said many students of junior and senior secondary schools in the state have benefited from the free holiday coaching organised by the youth wing. “People are always eager to participate as volunteers and as beneficiaries of the free coaching,” she noted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...