Chief David Lyon, the flagbearer of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Bayelsa State on Sunday said the allegation by the Governor Seriake Dickson, that he is not a validly elected candidate for the November 16th gubernatorial poll is not only false but also malicious. Speaking during the commissioning of his campaign office in Yenagoa, Chief Lyon insisted that he is a validly elected candidate waiting for the Certificate of Return from the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). According to Lyon, who dismissed claims by some Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) supporters that he cannot speak in public, said his governorship ambition goes beyond brandishing Party Certificate of Return. He said “a genuine flag bearer, does not flash certificate of return from his political party. I will not flash the Certificate of Return my party gave me as their flagbearer. For us, we are waiting to take the INEC’s Certificate of Return, come November 16th.” Lyon, while addressing a mammoth crowd of APC leaders and supporters that had waited long hours to welcome him back to Yenagoa, assured them that he will never disappoint them if elected into office as governor. “What I am telling you is that you should take the message to the Local Government Areas and the grassroots because we are coming to make a change in the governance of our people. BBNaija (S4): Elozonam, Ike evicted Abuja-Kaduna train service generates N100m monthly ― NRC MD Bauchi gets $44.63m from AfDB for development Why we are running a welfarist govt in Oyo ― Makinde ALSO READ: Assessment of Makinde’s govt too early, he needs time ― Ajimobi “We are saying to Bayelsans that our suffering will soon end. I assure you that when I am elected, prosperity will come. Let me tell you a story. Some people that have not seen anything and you entrust the public fund in their care, they turn it into a family fund. “That is what is happening in Bayelsa. Let us follow the right track to heaven. We have started the journey and by the grace of God we will win the election.” Earlier in his speech, the leader of the APC in the state and Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, expressed optimism that the APC and her standard-bearer in the state would usher in the much-needed progress. Sylva further said he is confident that the pair of Chief David Lyon and Senator Biobarakuma Degi-Eremienyo as Governor and Deputy Governor respectively are up to the task of positioning the state for a positive next level. “Today is just a tip of the iceberg,” Sylva enthused while affirming that he will not say much about the elections because he knows that APC has won already. “When some people say, are you sure? And to everyone that thinks we are joking, they are the ones joking. Our prayers have been answered. “I want to tell you a new chapter has been opened in the history of Bayelsa State. I want to tell you prosperity is coming and I want you to know that the dark days and locust years under the PDP administration are over; prosperity is coming.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/