The new Olowo of Owo in the Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State, Oba Ajibade Gbadegesin Ogunoye, on Sunday, made a public appearance as the new monarch of the ancient town, after being crowned the traditional ruler of the town. The new monarch who has been in seclusion for 17 days after being installed as the Olowo appeared with the beaded crown after completing all necessary rites. The monarch who is not permitted to speak at the coronation according to the ancient town’s tradition performed the traditional dance in line with the rites which was done at the palace. ALSO READ: Don’t run after the world, Fape charges clerics Speaking during the coronation, the State Governor of Ondo State, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, expressed satisfaction over the selection process of the new monarch, describing it as peaceful with no dissenting voice about the selection of Ogunoye. Akeredolu stated that the entire people of the ancient town are delighted with the emergence of Oba Ogunoye, saying there was no mistake in his selection as the new king for the town. According to Akeredolu, the rancour-free selection process ushered a new dawn in the traditional institution of the town, emphasising that the coronation ceremony was made possible by every Owo indigene who resolved that peace must reign during the process. “We did not make a mistake. This is an Oba which Owo people have longed for. This is great for all Owo sons and daughters. There is no issue, there is no rancour during the process. To God be the glory. “Tinubu told me, Aketi you are a lucky man for installing the king of your town in a peaceful manner. Guber race: PDP will reclaim Kogi State ― Wada Makinde, a rare welfarist governor ― Ejiogbe Xenophobic attacks: SERAP seeks $10bn punitive damages… WAEC certificate: Vacate office now, PDP tells Buhari “I appreciate and thank all Owo people for their resolute during the process, particularly the youth of the town. The oracle listened to your voice and desire for the entire process.” The governor also stressed that his administration policy is to always allow the people to choose their monarch in any community without any interference from the government or any government official foisting anybody on them. The governor commended other co-contestants for their spirit of sportsmanship, noting that they are all interested in the development of the Owo kingdom and advised Oba Ogunoye to extend a hand of fellowship to all. Akeredolu explained that he was not attending the event as an executive governor of the state but as an indigene of Owo, promising that he would present staff of office to the new Olowo on December 14. Also speaking, the Ojomu of Owo Kingdom, Chief Olarenwaju Famakinwa said “this commendable and rancour-free selection process could not have occurred without the determination of our people to bring out the best out of the process. “To that extent, we deeply appreciate the roles played by the Senior Omolowos, Ighare Iloro, Ugbama Iloro.other traditional stakeholders, the state government and the good people of this great kingdom.” Earlier the four-quarter chiefs of Iloro, Ehinogbe, Isaipen and Igboroko of the kingdom paid homage to the Olowo. The 33rd Olowo of Owo was selected after garnering 14 votes out of 15 kingmakers on July 12, following the demise of late Oba Victor Olateru Olagbegi on April 18 at the age of 77. The new Olowo, who wore a beaded crown, was welcomed in pomp and pageantry laced with drumming and panegyrics. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.