Not less than 20 indigenes of Iishan –Remo community, enjoyed full scholarship award at Babcock University annually, courtesy of the institution’s goodwill gesture to the entire community. The scholarship, which is strictly meant for brilliant students in the community, who apply for admission , covers all the programmes in the university including Medicine. Chairman, Ilishan Development Association (IDA), Sir Mutau Oyegunle made the declaration on Tuesday during the Founder’s Day and award ceremony organized to mark the 60 years of its existence as an institution of learning and 20 years of grace as first Private university in Nigeria. Sir Oyegunle, noted that Babcock University has been fulfilling the core vision for which any university could be established in terms of teaching, research and community service. ALSO READ: According to him, the community service of Babcock University to all the neighbouring communities that surrounded it, is much to write home about, in terms of economic, socio development and security of Ilishan town, adding that the graduates of the university including their children, not only got jobs without much stress, but were also doing well in their respective fields. Indeed, Babcock University is a blessing to Nigeria and our land in particular. Utuoke Varsity to convocate 1121 students, 72 bag First… LASU targets N1bn research endowment funds Bowen outshines other varsities in computer programming… I want to leave a MOCPED that is working —Provost Speaking in the same vein, Adamugba–Ebumawe of Ago-Iwoye, His Royal Highness, Oba AbdulRazaq Adesina confirmed the quantitative and qualitative education in Babcock University. He said that the town and gown meeting with the whole communities within its environ is very cordial and the institution itself is environmental–friendly. He confirmed that some of his children passed through the university and the money he spent on them while in the institution was justified by the quality of education and the character the university impacted on them. Vice-Chairman, Parents Consultative Forum of the university, Pastor Ola Oyinloye and Elder Paul Ananaba (SAN), from Abuja, described the institution as one of the best places to send a child for skill development and character building. Meanwhile, the President and Vice-chancellor of the ivory tower, Professor Ademola Tayo expressed satisfaction and appreciated the university’s subscribers, the parents, old and new, corporate bodies and the host communities for their supports towards the realization of the university’s dreams. “Through its alumni, Babcock University has, over the past two decades, contributed significantly to the political, industrial economic and cultural development of Nigeria. The dream of our founders to establish a model institution for the holistic training of men and women who will be servant leaders rendering faithful service to God and humanity, based on the core value s of excellence, integrity, accountability servant leadership teamwork and responsibility, is fulfilled today. We started with 1006 students in 1999, but now have a population of not less than 10,000. Our growth is influenced by factors of inclusive leadership and shared governance that is student-focused. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!