The Governing Council of Lagos State University (LASU), Ojo, has approved the promotion of 377 members of staff of the university to various cadres and also relieved eight others of their appointment. The promoted staff are made up of 31 lecturers – 11 of the professors and the rest non-academic staff. The council ratified their promotion at its 122nd statutory meeting on Thursday, where it also approved the dismissal of the eight members of staff-three of them, executive members of Academic Staff Union of Universities( ASUU) of the chapter, for alleged misconduct. The university’s Public Relations Officer, Mr Ademola Adekoya, confirmed both the promotion and dismissal of workers in a statement made available to newsmen on Friday, saying both actions took immediate effect. He noted that apart from the 11 new professors, 14 moved from senior lecturer to professorship cadre, while five and one moved from lecturer 1 to senior lecturer and lecturer 11 to lecturer 1, respectively. And for the 346 non- academic staff, he added, 125 of them are senior officers and the rest junior officers. Anyaoku wants FG to increase budgetary allocation to… FUOYE: Set up judicial panel of enquiry, NANS tells Fayemi FUOYE investigates attack on Fayemi’s wife Stakeholders canvass mother tongue as language of… ALSO READ: EFCC arrests Sokoto Marshal DG, accountant for allegedly embezzling N10m staff salaries On those dismissed workers, Adekoya stated various allegations levelled against each of them. According to him, the trio of Anthony Dansu (secretary of ASUU), Adeolu Oyekan (assistant secretary) and Kemi Abodunrin-Shonibare (Treasurer) from Department of Human Kinetics, Sports and Health Education; Department of Philosophy and the Department of African Languages, Literature and Communication Arts respectively were said to have illegally be in possession and use of school confidential documents and found culpable. The two other dismissed lecturers – Olusegun Gbelee, who is of the Department of Paediatrics and Child Health was accused and found guilty of absence from duties while Mr. Kehinde Coker of the Department of Religions and Peace Studies, was investigated and found culpable of allegations of sales of marks and receipt of financial inducement to pass two students of the Department of English – Miss Motunrayo Akorede Lawal and Master Afolabi Babatunde Bello. “Mrs. Alaba Mariam Odu from Faculty of Science, on her part, was accused and found guilty of falsification of May/June 1990 and 1999 West African Examinations Council results,” he added. Adekoya however, said the decision to promote and sack the workers followed due process. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!