Nigeria’s Dana Air has given its strategic route expansion plan a push with the arrival in Lagos of one of its newly acquired Boeing 737 aircraft. The airline has flown over 4.5 million passengers in the last 11 years of its operations. The Boeing plane which touched down at the Murtala Muhammed Airport Terminal Two at 1:00am last Friday was welcomed with water canon to celebrate the fulfillment of the airline management’s earlier promise. Speaking on the development, the managing director/chief executive officer of Dana Air, Jacky Hathiramani, said the arrival of the first Boeing 737 aircraft was part of its promise to its guests earlier in the year that the airline would acquire some Boeing 737 aircraft to increase its capacity and meet the ever increasing demands of its clients. He emphasised the commitment of the airline to its strategic route expansion and fleet renewal plan, and its desire to continue to provide unmatched on-time performance, world-class in-flight services and seamless air travel to its teeming guests. Sabre Network partners Babcock University to offer airline… IATA emphasises importance of Chicago Convention NCAA optimistic about airlines meeting financial commitment BTM unveils new travel management brand Report claiming ‘Buhari directs Osinbajo to seek approvals for agencies’ false ― Aide, Laolu Akande Hathiramani said, “Earlier in the year, we noticed that there were fewer aircraft in the country and less capacity to meet the demand at the time, so we decided to assure our guests that we will acquire some Boeing 737 aircraft to ensure that they travel at ease without having to worry if they will get flights to certain destinations even at peak periods. “The arrival of the first of our recently acquired 737 aircraft is a firm confirmation of our resilience, operational efficiency, deep passion, and our commitment to continue flying safe.” “It also underscores our mission which is to earn the loyalty and respect of our customers by consistently demonstrating our commitment to service, and providing affordable regional air transport services that focus on innovation, quality and service excellence.” ‘With our fleet size likely to hit 9 soon, we are ready to give more 737 rated Nigerian pilots and engineers the opportunity to be gainfully employed. We would also deploy this B737 to strengthen our existing route network while new routes will be announced soon in line with our careful and methodical route and fleet expansion project. Prior to last week, the airline has been known to operate MD 83 aircraft type which many have expressed reservations about. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!