The leaders and people of Ihiala Local Government Area (LGA) in Anambra State have described the chairman of Air Peace, Chief Allen Onyema, as one of the greatest ambassadors of the Local Government Area ever for offering a free lifting of 187 Nigerians from South Africa. In a letter to Chief Onyema signed by member representing the Ihiala Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, Mr Ifeanyi Momah; the member representing Ihiala 1 in the Anambra State House of Assembly, Mr Chidi Udemmadu; the Transition Chairman of the LGA, Igwe Emmanuel Nnabuife and made available Tribune Online on Sunday in Awka, where they observed that Chief Onyema’s commitment to a life of public good has brought so much goodwill and honour to the people of his local government area. The letter read: “We note in particular the lifting of 187 Nigerians stranded in South Africa in the face of renewed xenophobic siege free-of-charge last Wednesday night. “It is, therefore, with immense joy that we congratulate our outstanding son, the founder and chairman of Nigeria’s biggest airline Air Peace, Chief Allen Onyema, for selflessly undertaking the unprecedented patriotic duty of bringing back free-of-charge Nigerians facing death in South Africa. “His love for humanity stands him out as an uncommon Nigerian leader and patriot. He is without question a farsighted Nigerian entrepreneur who has over the years been working quietly to assist all kinds of people, particularly the needy.’’ They recalled that it was in recognition of his profound commitment to the common good that all 10 towns in our local government came together four years ago to bestow on Chief Onyema the prestigious title of Ide (Pillar) of Ihiala LGA. Activists call for judicial inquiry into alleged killings of… FUOYE: Investigate police attack, killing of two, compensate… Kogi Elections: FCT minister of state preaches peace, unity Don’t appeal tribunal judgement, group urges Atiku ALSO READ: FUOYE: Investigate police attack, killing of two, compensate victims, Ekiti students’ union urges Fayemi “He has trained thousands of our people in schools in Nigeria and abroad, employed our people in massive numbers, set up businesses for them and he pays medical bills of a good number and assists some to build houses. “In spite of his wealth which he uses generously for the benefit of people without regard to gender, language, religion or ethnicity, Chief Onyema, a successful lawyer in his own right, remains humble and easily approachable. “He socialises with the mighty and the downtrodden, dining with the poor and dancing with villagers at local meetings. He participates actively in local functions where he frequently admonishes the young never to give up despite the vicissitudes of life. “It is common to see our dear son at the airports, personally attending to customers, selling tickets to them and carrying their luggage.” “We will like to use this opportunity to align ourselves with the Governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano, who has been calling on the Federal Government to make Air Peace the Nigerian national flag carrier. “With 40 aircraft in only five years, the airline has earned its place in history,” the letter concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!