Landmark University, Omu-Aran, Kwara, says it remains committed to promoting academic excellence. Prof. Adeniyi Olayanju, the institution’s Vice-Chancellor said this in Omu Aran at the 2019/2020 Session Students Welcome Assembly for 100 and 200 level new intakes. He said the institution, with its agrarian revolution drive, was well aware and prepared for the challenges ahead in producing solution providers towards restoring the dignity of the black race. According to him, the institution is always sacrosanct in its journey towards the desired world-class status. ALSO READ: Work to improve security, unemployment, Lawan charges Senate “Excellence is not only our maxim but our goal tenaciously pursued to reality. Spirituality is our guiding principle. “This underpins our success story that may have attracted you to our amazing community of new groundbreakers. “It is, therefore, important to stress that the university will not compromise her zero tolerance for any misconduct, as any student guilty of any act of indiscipline will face the consequences,” he stated. Man hacked to death over alleged eyeing of married woman in… UNGA video: Buhari’s remark was within context ― Presidency More than 1,100 protesters arrested after demonstration in… Bouteflika’s brother sentenced to 15 years in prison The vice-chancellor also emphasised the relevance of good beginning to academic success while assuring them of the positive impact Landmark provides for them as students. He congratulated the students for being in the right place at the right time of their lives, saying Landmark was poised to raise a generation of leaders, solution providers and an army of reformers. The vice-chancellor charged the returning students to embrace good conduct that would enable them to have the best campus experience in the new academic session. Earlier, the institution’s Registrar, Miss Fola Oyinloye, had counselled the students to be focused on their academic studies and avoid unwarranted distractions. She implored the students to be open to learning saying, Landmark environment was both for their character reformation and spiritual development. In his sermon entitled, “Understanding the Requirements of Success”, the institution’s Chaplain, Pastor Tope Johnson, charged the students to be spiritually inclined in their academic pursuits. He also urged the students to be determined in achieving academic excellence through unwavering dedication and due diligence. NAN Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/