Members of a Pentecostal Church in Akure, the Ondo State capital, have alleged that men of the Nigeria Police Force, Ondo State command illegal invaded the church. Apart from the invasion into the church located at  Shasha area of Akure, the Ondo State capital, they alleged the police of digging the alter of the church However, Tribune Online learnt that the action of the police was sequel to an ongoing investigation on certain allegation against the founder and pastor of the church. The security operatives were said to be acting on the order from the office of the Inspector General of Police, Mr Abubakar Adamu, from the Force Headquarters in Abuja. A source in the church on Tuesday,  said some former members of the church wrote a petition against the founder that some fetish objects  were planted at the altar of the church by the founder of the church in order to draw more congregation to the church. UK parliament suspension not matter for judges ― PM… APC youths demand 40 per cent representation in government FG requires N1.2bn to maintain public stadia annually ―… Trump says he has ordered ‘substantial increase’… According to the source, things went awry between the embattled pastor and some foundation members of the church after he (founder ) broke away from the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) and changed the name of the church, some years ago. The source said: “After he changed the name of the church, some foundation and prominent members of the church started observing that he was derailing from the real Christian doctrine and spirituality. “They also observed that the pastor was  being fetish, that he planted some fetish materials on the alter of the church. So many of them left the church . “After leaving the church, they wrote a petition to the police to investigate the pastor. That must have been what I formed the policemen to dig the altar. ” Speaking on the development, the state Police Public Relations Officer,  (PPRO) Mr Femi Joseph, who confirmed the development said, policemen were in the church as part of an ongoing investigation into some allegations against the pastor. “There are some allegations against the pastor of the church, but we can’t disclose the allegation now until after our investigation.  So what our men did in the church was part of the ongoing investigation. “ SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!