Following the latest xenophobic attacks launched on Nigerians and other foreign nationals by the people of South Africa and the ongoing efforts made by the federal government in conjunction with Air Peace airline, many of the Nigerians residing in the hostile country have been found not to possess valid travel documents. Information reaching the TribuneOnline has indicated that many of the stranded Nigerians who are willing to return to Nigeria have expired passports and visas. ALSO READ: APGA will spring surprise in Kogi ― Oye Presently, the Federal Ministry of foreign affairs and the Nigerian High Commission in South Africa have stepped in to obtain travel documents that will enable them to travel onboard Air Peace aircraft deployed to carry out the rescue exercise on behalf of the Nigerian government. Rivers: APC set to put its house in order Xenophobic attacks: Malami makes case for overhauling of… Residents groan as flood disrupts commercial in Warri,… Osun govt tackles Makinde over comments on LAUTECH The High Commissioner’s promise to ensure all the documentation exercise is perfected by this weekend may have now shifted the earlier plans to commence the evacuation of the Nigerians from yesterday, Friday to Monday, September 9th, 2019. The management of Air Peace has corroborated the development by announcing that it will now begin the evacuation of Nigerians between Monday and Tuesday as they will need to obtain travel certificates needed to evacuate them out of the xenophobic country. Air Peace had positioned a Boeing 777 aircraft for the special flight since Thursday but the High Commission in the foreign country needed to register the Nigerians billed to travel back home on the flight. Already, registration of such Nigerians has commenced in Johannesburg and Pretoria with many of those lacking travel papers willing to seize the available opportunity to quickly leave the hostile country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...