The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, on Thursday described the Asiwaju of Ife, Chief Oyekunle Alex-Duduyemi as a pride to Yorubaland, who possess virtues worthy of emulation He said through the dint of hard work and commitment to good ideals, he had succeeded in carving a niche for himself in the legal profession and business industry. Oba Ogunwusi stated during Ife Business School 5th Distinguished Lecture and Award Series in honour of Chief Alex-Duduyemi, which was held at Conference Centre of the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife, Osun State. Ooni’s commendation came, just as a renowned Afenifere Socio-Cultural group leader, Chief Ayo Adebanjo extolled the qualities of Alex-Duduyemi, saying his immense contributions to the development of humanity and legacies would always speak for him. According to Oba Adeyeye, “Chief Alex-Duduyemi is a very intelligent political leader before and after independence. He is a visionary, energetic lawyer and businessman worthy of emulation.” He said he had set up a mobile heritage for descendants of Oduduwa and put them in an archive for future remembrance by coming generations of Yoruba. In his remark, Chief Adebanjo described Chief Alex-Duduyemi as a close friend and worthy ally, who has contributed immensely to the development of humanity, saying “the work of Duduyemi will keep speaking for him because we both clamoured for self-government.”. Earlier in his lecture, titled “Improving the State of Security in Nigeria through Good Governance and Innovative Leadership”, the Chief of Defence Staff, Gen. Abayomi Gabriel Olonisakin said the proliferation of small arms and light weapons have contributed greatly to the insecurity in the country. Rivers: APC set to put its house in order Xenophobic attacks: Malami makes case for overhauling of… Residents groan as flood disrupts commercial in Warri,… Osun govt tackles Makinde over comments on LAUTECH Olonisakin, who was represented by the Chief of Defence Civil-Military Cooperation, Rear Admiral Obed Ngalabak said: “to the core of the matter is that every violent conflict today is enabled by the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.” ALSO READ: Wike pledges to develop Pleasure Park to world class tourist attraction He averred that “small arms and light weapons proliferation has fuelled and supported insurgency, militancy, ethno-religious crisis and many other nefarious activities across the Nigerian state, leading to high-level loss and properties. More so, it has bastardised security perception, suffocates the flow of foreign direct investment and punctured the impression of ease of doing business.” Olonisakin opined that both global, domestic and regional trend of security with the contribution of the academia and impact of every citizen to the security issues would bring a positive result. He tasked Nigerians to shift from core security actions of internal conflicts and asymmetric warfare and procure in-depth solutions to solve the challenges facing the nation. “A few of the measures involved include security sector reforms, capacity building, strategic reconsideration and sustenance of the transformation process. An all-inclusive security sector reforms involving the military, paramilitary and other stakeholders is expedient”, he raised. Olonisakin called for improving strategic communications and information sharing so as to facilitate effective coordination of operations for a robust national situational awareness, adding that “there is also the need to establish the framework and appropriate implementation plans to support the national security objectives. Dignitaries at the lecture include the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, General Alani Akinrinade (rtd), Professor Adebisi Yinusa, who represented the Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, Chief Benjamin Adeyemi, Obasewa of Ife, Chief Agboola Odeyemi and host of others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...