THE Nasarawa State Governorship Election Tribunal has dismissed the petition filed by the People’s Democratic Party, PDP governorship candidate in the 2019 general election, Hon. David Emmanuel Ombugadu against Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Governor Abdulahi Sule and the All Progressive Congress (APC) The Tribunal presided over by Justice Abba Bello Mohammed in eight hours judgment said, “the petition lack merit and so thereby dismissed”. According to him, the petitioner who supposed to prove his case beyond reasonable doubt for alleged over voting, disruption of votes, fortifications of results among others. He said, the petition was not in compliance with the provision of the 2010 electoral Act, so failed to established facts for his claimed. Tribunal nullifies PDP lawmaker’s election in Oyo,… Tribunal dismisses three petitions, affirms Ihedioha’s… We’ll make Nigeria’s GDP largest in Sub-Saharan… Fire guts WHO storage facility in Osogbo ALSO READ: Global Peace Day: Bello urges all to eschew ethnic, religious, class bias The Judge further added that none of the witnesses testified for the petitioner were able to established facts or any tendered documents that can substantial the allegations made, as many of them are party agents from the wards and state level which supposed to come from the polling units, hence failed to discharge the proof of its contents. Reacting to the tribunal judgement, counsel to the Petitioner, Affiku Gambo, said they will make consultation before taking any further decision. Also speaking on behalf of the State Governor, the Deputy Governor, Emmanuel Akabe, commended the tribunal for the judgement, stressing that the ruling has affirmed the people votes count. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!