The Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) has restated its plans to begin nationwide enforcement of the new drivers’ licence and plate numbers on Oct. 2. FRSC Osun Sector Commander, Mr Peter Oke, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Osogbo on Wednesday. Oke said the Osun command had marshal out strategies to ensure full enforcement of the law across the state. “We have established a synergy with the state Internal Revenue Service to sensitise the public on the clampdown ahead of the Oct.2 deadline. ALSO READ: Adeyeye files 19-ground appeal against Olujimi’s tribunal victory UNGA video: Buhari’s remark was within context ― Presidency N1trn debt: Reps query Acting NDDC MD, summon Alaibe, Ekere,… Why we concentrate on security, infrastructure development ―… Despite public outcry, Reps step down motion on border… “Awareness campaigns are being carried out by the command to inform and educate the public on the enforcement plans,” he said. The Sector Commander said that the portal for issuance of drivers’ licence and number plates for applicants would now be at the Motor Licensing Authority (MLA) department of the state. “The command’s enforcement in the state has improved towards the ember months’ campaign,” he said. He said that sensitisation programmes are ongoing both on radio and television stations across the state to further enlighten residents of the enforcement plans. Oke who also spoke on unclaimed drivers’ licences urged applicants to locate the commission’s offices and claim their licences. “The number of vehicle licences issued for example in August is 221 while uncollected ones are about 2,859,” he said. Oke, however, cautioned road users against road traffic offences; adding that safety on the highway is a shared responsibility for the safety of lives and properties. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/