Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Thursday restated his administration’s commitment towards ensuring that Lagos is crime-free as he donated 125 patrol vehicles and 35 patrol motorcycles for the use of security operatives in the state. Governor Sanwo-Olu gave this commitment while speaking at the commissioning of the patrol vehicles and motorcycles, which took place at the Lagos House, Alausa, Ikeja. Speaking at the event, Governor Sanwo-Olu noted that the model thought-out 13 years ago, with the support of the Lagos State House of Assembly to create the Lagos State Security Trust Fund (LSSTF) had paid off so-good for the state to the extent that the federal government wanted to replicate. ALSO READ: Contribute to national development in your host communities, NYSC DG tells corps members According to him, the donation of the vehicles and motorcycles can only help rejuvenate his administration’s plan at ensuring maximum security for the people of Lagos, noting that what his administration was doing with the donation was a demonstration of its commitment to good governance. “We will be passing 120 pickup vehicles and about 35 motorcycles to our various security formations and we will determine who gets what but this is just the beginning. We know that security is everybody’s concern and that is why we as the government have seen the need for this today. “This young administration is just 99 days old; security and good governance happens to be the sixth pillar of our ‘THEMES’ policy agenda and we have attempted modestly to ensure that we engage each and every one of those pillars “What we are doing today is a demonstration of our commitment to good governance by ensuring that the dividends of democracy are not just felt but are also things that people can feel, see and we can act on,” he said. NLC kicks against concession of 22 Teaching Hospitals FG should demand compensation for victims of xenophobic… Withdraw arrest order on Okorocha, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youths… 100 days in office: Makinde reassures Oyo indigents of good… Governor, while promising that security of lives and property was core to his government, stated his administration’s resolve to support all outfits responsible for safety. On the recent reprisal attack against xenophobia in Lagos, Governor Sanwo-Olu warned residents to shun criminality and lawlessness, saying “that no one should be found on the other side of the law.” He assured that the federal government was already handling the xenophobic matter diplomatically, urging Lagosians to remain peaceful and orderly at all times. “Security of lives and property is not only critical to us it is something that we will not turn deaf ears to. “Lagos will continue to remain safe, Lagos will continue to be a place security will not be taken for granted and based on the incidents that have happened in the last two days, the government will certainly not condone any incident where we have a break down of the law,” he said. He, however, enjoined parents to ensure their wards were not used by people with criminal intent as necessary organs of government were adequately equipped to handle all issues at hand. Speaking earlier, in his speech, Chairman Board of Trustee (LSSTF), Oye Hassan-Odukale, noted that Lagos was the safest place in Nigeria, saying everybody was a stakeholder in security. He thanked all individuals and corporate organisations that had continued to contribute to the fund, noting that the support had been coming without recourse for LSSTF to appeal or send reminders to them for donations. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...