Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Sunday took a critical look at Nigeria after 59 years of its independence and gave a pass mark to the All Progressives Congress (APC) led Federal and State Governments despite the challenges confronting the country. Akeredolu who stated this at a church service to mark the Nigeria 59th anniversary held at The Redeemed Christian Church of God at Oke-Ijebu Akure, the state capital said many countries have disintegrated with less of the challenges facing the county. Akeredolu who was represented by his Deputy; Hon Agboola Ajayi, appreciated God for keeping Nigeria as one despite numerous challenges saying “the unity of the country is the greatest achievement of the government” He said: “In spite of all the challenges we have faced as a people, it has pleased God to allow us to remain as one indivisible entity. “As we all know, some countries whose challenges were not as daunting as ours have disintegrated” The Governor reiterated the resolve of the present administration in the state to continue to deliver its mandate, particularly in the areas of infrastructure, security and welfare of workers and the entire citizens. ALSO READ:CBN to create microfinance banks in NIPOST buildings across 774 LGs ― Adegbuyi He said: “As you are all aware, many developmental projects embarked upon by our government have been completed and our people are already deriving the benefit from them. “Our government is ever committed to the fulfillment of all our electoral promises to the people in spite of the lean resources and the huge debts inherited from the past government” N90bn FIRS fund: We don’t endorse corruption ― CAN Ayade meets Abba Kyari on Bakassi Deep Sea Port project Nigeria @59: There’s hope for Nigeria to emerge among… Ipati farmland: Appeal court rules in favour of Loso… The governor said it is God has sustained the country despite the security and economic challenges and linked the story of Nigeria with that of Israel. The governor said the APC led FG and State governments are committed to the National unity of the country. He said the government has renamed Board of Internal Revenue, adding that the resources of the state are safe in the present government hands. In his sermon, Evangelist Ezekiel Falade of the Gospel Faith Mission International, charged Nigerians to always appreciate God despite her various challenges. Falade said Nigeria had a lot to thank God for despite all numerous challenges including kidnapping, banditry, and insurgency. Pointedly, Falade said: “Despite all challenges, Nigeria will come out of the messes. We should shout for joy and be glad’ Citing the book of second Chronicles chapter seven verse 14, the clergy called on Nigerians and her leader to go back to God as that is the only way the nation can be healed of all the ravaging problems. The highpoint of the occasion was the special thanksgiving as the Chief Justice of the state, Justice Olanrewaju Akeredolu led the congregation to praise God their dances and substances. The event also featured a special prayer session for the nation Nigeria and the leaders as well as Ondo State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/