CONCERNED authorities must ensure that only tyres that meet high standards of strength and durability are allowed into the country. Mr Anil Sahgal, Managing Director of Asahi Brands Limited, distributor of Bridgestone and Firestone tyres in Nigeria, said this at the opening of a state-of-the-art tyre sales and service facility, said to be the first of its kind in Oyo State. The service centre, Afeezco Global Ventures, located in the Oke Bola area of Ibadan, Oyo State will, apart from tyre sales, allow customers enjoy modern methods of carrying out tyre changing, nitrogen gas filling, wheel balancing and alignment. Mr Sahgal said it was possible for a new tyre to burst if that tyre was not made with the right kind materials. He added that uneven roads and high speeds were factors; however, having tyres with the right standard of quality and durability was important. “There are so many black-coloured tyres coming into Nigeria today. There are several parameters to look at to judge the durability of a tyre. The customer cannot check these parameters by mere looking at the tyre. It is up to the authorities to do so,” Mr Sahgal said. Marketing practitioners, experts relish  brand-building… BSG targets over 14,000 students, 60 schools with SMASHED… Stop altering products’ details, LASCOPA cautions retailers,… WIMCA 2019: Experts chart ways for more  gender-balanced… “They should check and rate the tyres, so that the consumer can know the rating and judge whether to buy the tyre or not.” He added that the longevity of tyre depended on how it is used and its strength. “Inflation is very important. Over-inflating or under-inflating the tyre can result in problems,” the MD added. He said Bridgestone and Firestone tyres for trucks go more than 80,000km normally. Mr Sahgal said Asahi Brands Limited, a part of Kewalram Chanrai Group, has been present in the country for 156 years. The company manages brands including Mitsubishi, Foton, Firestone, Bridgestone among others. Alhaji Afeez Olugbemi, the MD of Afeezco Global Ventures, said proper wheel alignment was essential to preserve the lifespan of tyres, hence his desire to establish a centre where high quality wheel alignment can be done. “So many road accidents can be traced to bad tyres. Bad tyres are caused by poor wheel alignment. I set up this centre to save lives by offering high quality wheel alignment.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!