Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, has dissolved the 40-year-old marriage between a couple, Isiaka Azeez and Muyidat Azeez on the accounts of irresponsibility, lack of care and disregard by the latter towards the former. Having heard both parties, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, stated that it was obvious that their relationship had broken down irrevocably. Odunade ordered their union dissolved. The plaintiff was ordered to give the defendant N3, 000 to pack her belongings out of his house. Isiaka told the court:”My lord, I’m fed up with Muyidat and will jump into the Dandaruf River if you do not separate us today. “Muyidat has failed to give me rest of mind and this has resulted in my ill health. “I’m diabetic and treating other systemic ailments. My state of health rather than improving considering all I have spent on it, is rather deteriorating all because of my wife’s attitude. “My finance was buoyant and stable in the early years of our marriage. Muyidat and I had an intimate relationship and lived comfortably until my fortune nosedived and hell was let loose. “Our relationship took a new turn 20 years ago when it became obvious I couldn’t maintain our lifestyle.  Muyidat gradually changed her behaviour towards me and started disrespecting me. “Muyidat, who was formerly as gentle as a lamb started behaving like a wild animal. She will shout on me whenever we have a misunderstanding and humiliate me in the presence of our children. “She no longer takes advice or counsel from and readily flouts my order. “I do all I can to provide for my family but she hardly appreciates my efforts. Any time I fail to leave money for food due to paucity of fund, she will starve me. Muyidat will cook for herself and her children and will lock herself up in her room and eat. “She further turned our children against me. I feed our children and fund their education, but they intentionally kept all information about their academics away from me. They have also taken after their mother by being disobedient and disrespectful to me. Help, I’m dying, my husband committed taboo by sleeping with… ‘He sneaks out of the house to dodge his responsibilities,… She aborted my pregnancy after I gave her N1m as rent —Man I want to return N40, 000 dowry to my husband ’cos he… “My wife and children now treat me like their slave or a second-rate hand citizen in the home. “They have extended their hostile behaviour to my family members too who they hate to see in our house. “Muyidat once abandoned me and moved to her parents’ house for a year not bothering about my welfare. She never discussed with me what informed her decision while she later returned when it pleased her to do so. “My lord, I was sick and almost dying during the last Ileya festival but she showed no concern. Muyidat abandoned me on my sick bed. And being more financially buoyant than me, she bought a big ram which she slaughtered, prepared and used in celebrating the festival. She was wining and dining while I was wasting away. She did not contribute a dime towards my treatment and cared less if I died. “I’m in much pain as I’m standing in court today because my health is failing me. I have spent a fortune on my ailment and have emptied my purse on it all to no avail.  My situation is getting worse because my wife is not helping matters. “My lord, I’m convinced I will be better off without my wife. She has been a thorn in the flesh for the major part of the forty years we have been married. I don’t need her anymore,” he concluded. Speaking, Muyidat told the court, ”My lord, I’m not divorcing my husband. “I try my best to be a loving wife but my husband never appreciates me because he never loved me. “The main reason my husband dragged me to court is that I constantly refuse him sex. “He’s 64 years old while I’m 60, I, therefore, don’t understand why he takes sex as a do or die affair at his age. “He was diagnosed with a serious ailment and was asked to avoid any strenuous activity or that which will affect his heartbeat. My lord, two weeks after he was discharged, he started asking for sex and I refused him. I fear he might die on me while we are into it. If such happens, aside facing ridicule, his family members will call me a witch. “My lord, he said he has no money but he has money to marry a second wife. He totally abandoned me and our children because of his new wife. “I’m not willing to leave him because at my age, I have nowhere to go,” she stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.