Oyo State Government has directed that the 10,000 metric tonnes of silo project at Aawe in Oyo township be completed by the Contractor, Rahvet International Limited. The contract had been a subject of litigation when the last administration revoked the contract which the contractor claimed was at 68 percent completion stage and the contractor headed for the law court to seek redress. The State Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, Hon Ojemuyiwa Ojekunle  explained at the silo project at Awe in Oyo that the present government met the project at the stage of incompletion and subject of litigation despite the disbursement of over 98% of total contract sum of by the immediate past administration and the work done till date was adjudged to be 67.8 percent. He said the present administration entered into dialogue with all stakeholders to settle the issue amicably out of court as it was in the interest of the State to have value for the huge amount of money already expended on the project. ALSO READ: FG targets 15m children in school feeding programme ― Osinbajo Nigerians call for economic boycott of South Africa… Ebonyi govt offers rent-free shops to traders at … Buhari pledges closer cooperation with Ukraine FG targets 15m children in school feeding programme ―… He said “The present administration met the contract at 68 percent completion and a lawsuit which we immediately entered into and settle amicably out of court. The result is what you are witnessing today. “We have successfully resolved the issue and the contractor is back to the site as documents relating to the contract have been perfected and he is to complete it to avoid waste of scarce resources. “The contractor has promised that the completion period is five months and after this, we believe that our farmers will be the one to benefit from the project as the present administration is poised to make farm produce available to the people at cheap price. “The silo will assist in storing 10,000 metric tonnes of grains and other farm produce while it will help in export of farm produce that hitherto has always suffered destruction due to rot as farmers do not have facilities to store in this capacity.” The Commissioner charged the contractor to reciprocate the kind gesture of Governor Seyi Makinde, by swinging into action as soon as the fund was released to ensure the project would be of good quality and completed and delivered within the shortest period stipulated. The Executive Chairman, Rahvet International Limited, Dr. Mufutau Raheem appreciated Governor Seyi Makinde for the opportunity given to his company to return for the completion of the project and gave his words of assurance by promising that the project will be completed and delivered at the stipulated period of five months’ time. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...