A Non- Governmental Organisation (NGO), the Governance Searchlight (GS), has announced the Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde and his wife, Mrs Tamunominini Makinde, as the winner of its special recognition award, “Beacon of Hope for a Greater Nigeria.” Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the group, Otunba Tokunbo Babs-Olurinde, disclosed this at the weekend in a release signed by the Publicity Secretary of the organization, Cornelius Kayode, disclosing further that arrangements were in top gear for the conferment of a special award on both the governor and his wife. Babs-Olurinde said the award was converted on Governor Makinde following close monitoring of the first 100 days of first-term governors in the South-West, whereby the organisation found the governor so outstanding. “Without any iota of doubt, following our research and close monitoring, members of the governance searchlight found His Excellency, Engineer Seyi Makinde, the Governor of Oyo State, very outstanding among his peers in the entire South-West and unique in his approach to governance and exemplary style of leadership that, we cannot but recognize,” she said. Polaris Bank commits to climate action, sustainability Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Dignitaries honour Kashamu at mother’s funeral Nigerian youths must engage in vocational skills ― Digital… ALSO READ:  The love of bandits The group boss maintained that apart from the aforementioned, the governor had even excelled in the area of security, health, education, expansion of the economy, welfare of workers, reconstruction, rehabilitation and renovation of schools through SUBEB and Ministry of Education, among others. According to Olurinde, the feat performed within a short period of time of only 100 days at the helms of affair of the Pace-setter state shows clearly that the governor actually is a man of the people who doesn’t only listen to the plight of the people but care for their welfare, saying this feat if adhered to as a man naturally with large heart would take Oyo State to the next level. She affirmed that the organization was proud to associate and identify with the style of leadership of Makinde, who she described as the action governor, “hence the special recognition award, ‘Beacon of Hope for a Greater Nigeria’ scheduled to be conferred on him and his wife before the Independence day celebration.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!