THE people of the Niger-Delta under the aegis of Niger Delta People Confederation (NDPC) have declared total support for Dr. Pius Odubu and Bernard Okumagba appointments as the Chairman and Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Commission respectively. The group commended President Muhammadu Buhari for the appointments while faulting the position of the South-South governors on the appointment of the duo by the President. NDPC in a statement signed by its Coordinator-General, Mr. Iyamo Osaro, dismissed the alleged anger of the South-South governors, saying the governors had expressed their anger against the appointments in a press briefing recently. Osaro, said the position of the governors was “their personal opinions and not a representation of the collective wishes and aspirations of the Niger Delta people.” He said the governors should focus on improving the lives of people they govern instead of “meddling in an affair they have no authority over.” Yakassai blasts Ezeife over 2023 presidency 3 killed, dozens kidnapped as gunmen waylay 14-seater bus on… Reps Chief Whip Monguno fecilitates with Gov Zulum at 50 N100m concession agreement: Malami moves to avert another… ALSO READ: Fashola warns against fake facebook account in his name The group said: “South-South Governors should concern themselves with their states which is lagging behind in terms of modern infrastructures, sustainable human development and capacity building, economic growth, etc. “The South-South governors with all the challenges in their states cannot suddenly rise from their shell to question the appointments of anybody in the region. “They should channel their states’ resources to sustainable empowerment, investment and capacity building of the people.” “Why did South-South Governors suddenly develop an interest in NDDC affairs when the indigenes of their various states do not know how the affairs of their states are being run? Who does South-South Governors consult whenever they make appointments in their various states? “In its final resolution, the group backed the appointment of Dr. Pius Odubu and Bernard Okumagba, and commended President Muhammadu Buhari for their selection,” the statement said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...