Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has congratulated President Muhammadu Buhari on his win at the Presidential Elections Petition Tribunal (PEPT) on Wednesday. The Governor hailed the PEPT’s verdict affirming the President’s victory in the 2019 Presidential polls as the undisputed justice of the case. The elated Bello also wished Mr President an even more successful second term. In a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Muhammed Onogwu, the Governor said the tribunal judgement which dismissed the petition brought by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and her flag bearer, Atiku Abubakar against President Buhari, the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) has demonstrated again that the judiciary remains unimpressed by gimmickry and unfair media opinions planted by litigants. ALSO READ:  Don’t go to Supreme Court, Buhari organisation urges Atiku BREAKING: Xenophobia: 187 Nigerians arrive Lagos from South… Oyo govt opens special bank account for recovered looted… Buhari: Tribunal’s judgment sound, lucid ― Oyetola Ogun spends N15.8bn on road construction in 6 months ‘The Judiciary’, he affirmed, ‘has again proved itself strong in the protection of democracy and the rule of law in Nigeria’. The flag bearer of the APC in the November 16 Kogi governorship polls also revealed that he had never entertained any iota of doubt about today’s outcome because it was clear that Nigerians voted overwhelmingly to re-elect the President. He described President Muhammadu Buhari as a man of the people and a peace-loving statesman. Governor Bello said further that the decision of the tribunal will definitely go a long way to solidify the faith of the masses in the courts and felicitated with the APC family and Nigerians at home and in the diaspora. He thereafter urged the PDP and Atiku, a former Vice President of the federation, to accept the verdict in good faith and join hands with the President to move the nation forward. Urging the President and his team to be relentless in delivering the dividends of his Next Level transforming agenda for Nigeria, Bello reminded him of the decades-long parlous state of all Federal Roads in his state, except to an extent the Abuja to Lokoja stretch and called for urgent action to remedy the situation. Appreciating the President for granting him 6 out of the 11 concrete roads approved in Executive Order 6 and slated for construction under a tax benefit arrangement with some private entities, Governor Bello called on the President to direct the contractors to immediately start construction or reconstruction of all the selected roads. The Governor pledged his commitment and that of Kogi State to support the policies and programmes of the Buhari-led federal government. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!