 REACTIONS have begun to trail the pronounced victory of President Muhammadu Buhari at the Election Tribunal on Wednesday as a chieftain of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Anthony Adefuye, described the development as “a beautiful victory,” expressing joy about it. Also reacting, the Chief Whip, Lagos State House of Assembly, Hon. Rotimi Abiru, said it was a victory for democracy and the people of Nigeria, adding that the rule of law had come to play. Adefuye, who announced the Tribunal verdict to the gathering of APC leaders and members, who rose up in joy, while speaking at the “Constituency Stakeholders’ Meeting” which took place at Bariga area of Lagos, however, said it was a known fact that Buhari won the 2019 Presidential Election “squarely even without spending a kobo.” The constituency parley, which was anchored by Hon Abiru, was organised by the Lagos State House of Assembly under the leadership of Hon Mudashiru Ajayi Obasa. “It’s a beautiful victory, we are happy that he has been given the victory. We all knew before that he won the election squarely, even without spending a kobo, he won the election,” the senator, who spoke with the Nigerian Tribune, said. ALSO READ:  Buhari, APC turned me to a social leper in South East ― Okorocha BREAKING: Xenophobia: 187 Nigerians arrive Lagos from South… Oyo govt opens special bank account for recovered looted… Buhari: Tribunal’s judgment sound, lucid ― Oyetola Ogun spends N15.8bn on road construction in 6 months Adefuye, who is a member of Governor’s Advisory Council (GAC) in Lagos, therefore enjoined Nigerians to ensure peaceful coexistence and shun acts of brigandage otherwise the federal government should use its power to make sure that nobody was above the law. “I will just advise everybody to now calm down so that we can have peace in the country. All these hooliganism, kidnapping should stop else the federal government should use its power to make sure that nobody is above the law,” he said. In his own reaction, Hon Abiru, representing Bariga 11, gave thanks to God for the Tribunal verdict, even as he described the matter before the tribunal as a distraction. “I am indeed grateful to God because irrespective what we face, the matter at the tribunal is a distraction. To God be the glory, the rule of law has come to play. Those that have been empowered to interpret the constitution have interpreted. It’s victory for democracy, it’s victory for the people, it’s victory for all Nigerians,” the lawmaker stated. Speaking further, Abiru assured Nigerians more of good governance at all levels of government in the country now that President Buhari’s victory had been confirmed. “But I cannot but also assure Nigerians that we will see governance more even at the centre, state and at various levels in years to come. This is a victory for APC, this is victory for all Nigerians,” he said. Abiru urged the president to prioritize the needs and challenges of people of Nigeria by promoting trade and commerce, saying there was a need to shore up, create jobs for our people and really develop the infrastructures, such as road, rail and water transportation in the country. “It is for Mr President to prioritize the needs and challenges of people of Nigeria and it is for us to try and promote trade and commerce in Nigeria. We need to show up, we need to create jobs for our people, we need to really develop our infrastructures, such as road, rail, water and all the likes and with this, I am sure jobs would be created for our youths and those in need of jobs,” the lawmaker said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!