THE Anti-Corruption Academy of Nigeria (ACAN), Keffi, Nasarawa State, the training arm of the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) has graduated a pool of 49 staff from its Basic Investigation and System Study Course Number 4. This was contained in a press statement issued and signed by the spokesperson of ICPC, Mrs Rasheedat Okoduwa, a copy of which was made available to the Nigerian Tribune in Abuja, on Tuesday. The statement said the graduands who are staffs of the commission were drawn from its various departments and units to undergo the 4-week course which contents were designed to equip participants with basic investigation skills and the capacity to conduct system study which is one of ICPC’s flagship corruption-prevention tools for ministries, departments and agencies of government. The graduation ceremony organised for the participants had in attendance the Chairman of ICPC, Professor Bolaji Owasanoye, represented by one of the Commission’s Board Members, Honourable Oluwabukola Balogun. ALSO READ: Democracy in Nigeria has witnessed improvement with recent elections ― Fayemi Present also were two other members of the Board, Honourables Titus Okolo and Obiora Igwedibia; the Provost of ACAN, Professor Sola Akinrinade; as well as Heads of Departments and Units of ICPC. FG raises inter-agency task force on N5TRN AMCON debt… Ethiopian PM, Tinubu, win African Democracy Awards African countries set action plan for medicine traceability Don’t allow Ajaokuta steel industry die ― Activist… Delivering her speech, the representative of the ICPC Chairman congratulated the participants on their successful completion of the course, and urged them to ensure that the knowledge gained would be applied effectively to their assignments whenever they were called upon to do so. She also urged them to be grateful to God as it would not have been possible for them to succeed without His grace. “God has brought you this far; you must thank Him for this important achievement of yours”, she said. Also throwing in a few words of advice for the graduands, Honourable Okolo said as investigators, the graduands should bear in mind three important guiding principles: “…look with your eyes, listen with your ears but keep your mouth shut, because if you say more than you are required to say that’s when problems will arise”. On his own part, Honourable Igwedibia commended the graduands for their steadfastness and hard work that had made them complete the course successfully. He added that their future in the Commission would remain bright if they continued to bring these same attributes to bear on their work. The Provost of ACAN, in his remarks, said he was pleased that the graduands had shown great commitment and seriousness all through the course, and reiterated the Academy’s resolve to improve the capacity of ICPC staff for the Commission to achieve its mandate. Earlier, while speaking on contents of the Basic Investigation and System Study Course, the Course Co-ordinator, Mr Richard Bello, had explained that the course also had components on ethics and integrity-building as well as a physical fitness regime. He said the participants, who started out as fifty in number but had one of them excused from the course on health grounds, were taken through individual and group theoretical and practical exercises in addition to fieldwork on investigations and information analysis. One of the graduands, Mr. Yilzem Hyacienth Hoomkwap, a lawyer of the Commission’s Chairman’s Special Unit, gave the vote of thanks on behalf of his colleagues. He expressed their appreciation for the opportunity offered to them to acquire fresh knowledge and hone their skills, while promising to always perform their assigned tasks with diligence and dedication. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!