Protesting lecturers of the Tai Solarin College of Education (TASCE), Omu-Ijebu, Ogun State, on Monday said fifth columnists in Governor Dapo Abiodun’s cabinet are misleading him over the lingering crisis engulfing the tertiary institution. The college staff led by Mr Daniel Aborisade disclosed this to newsmen in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. According to Mr Aborisade, the allegations that led to the arrest of five staff of the institution were unfounded and meant to coerce them into submission over their demands from the government. ALSO READ: Come to our aid, 41 years old mother of quadruplet cries to Bauchi gov Ekiti returns 86-year old Christ’s school to Anglican… N6.9 billion fraud: Fayose’s trial to begin October 21 REVEALED: Why terrorism is spreading in Nigeria, West Africa… Two arrested for allegedly stealing electronic cable Recall that some staff of TASCE were arraigned at an Ogun State Magistrate Court last Wednesday, for alleged robbery, kidnapping, assault among other crimes. Aborisade who was one of those arrested said those misleading the governor were doing so to curry his favour and get a political appointment. He said “We are so sure we shall be vindicated as there are no substances in their allegations. We are a law-abiding staff at the college. We are just requesting for our 60 months owed salaries. We are neither kidnappers nor armed robbers. “Those fifth columnists in the governor’s cabinet are only misleading him because they want to get a political appointment. We are not undermining our governor’s roles, but we appeal to him to be careful of these fifth columnists as we had a good and cordial relationship with him before, during and after the elections.” Aborisade also said the Provost of the institution, Dr Lukmon Kadese is one of those misleading the governor, noting he is not qualified enough to head the institution. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!