The Embassy of the People’s Republic of China has announced its collaboration with the Abuja International Photography Festival to celebrate Nigeria and China National Day with pictures. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 2019 marks the 70th anniversary of the People’s Republic of China and the 48th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between China and Nigeria. In a statement, the Embassy said that the aim was to further strengthen the good relationship and deepen traditional friendship with both countries. It is also to commemorate both the National Days of the People’s Republic of China and Nigeria on Oct. The collaboration, tagged ‘China-Nigeria Friendship in Pictures’, also features a photography competition open to Nigerians and Chinese living in Nigeria. #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Botswana issues travel warning Spain’s missing Olympic medalist found dead #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Air Peace offers to evacuate… Oyo speaker charges corps members on positive use of… Speaking with NAN on Wednesday, Osaze Efe, Director of the Abuja International Photo Festival said that the collaboration greatly benefits the Nigerian photography community. He said, “The collaboration will help increase capacity as the individuals who will win the trip to China will come back with new photography skills that they will pass on to other members of the community. “The acquired skill set will better position members to be more creative in delivering their services for increased financial value. “It also provides an opportunity for cross-cultural transfer, increased knowledge exchange and strengthened diplomatic ties between Nigeria and China. NAN reports that the competition would be divided into three categories including Nature, Humanities and China-Nigeria Friendship. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...