BRITISH Airways has announced plans to  offer all customers whose flights were cancelled due to this week’s planned industrial action the option to rebook onto a British Airways flight, with a schedule of services to its daily destinations on September 26, 27 and 28. The airline also said it had put forward new ideas through ACAS and remained open and willing to negotiate. The British Airline Pilots Association (BALPA) had earlier announced that British Airways pilots would embark on strike on September 9, 10, and September 27, 2019, UNGA video: Buhari’s remark was within context ― Presidency Cargo importation through MMIA drops by 70% Key players call for better partnership between NCAA, AIB NAMA takes delivery of landing aids for Lagos, Abuja… Dana Air takes delivery of first Boeing 737 aircraft The planned strike was a fallout of an earlier overwhelming voting carried out by the pilots in the airline back in July this year for industrial action. The airline presently operates services to Lagos and Abuja with daily flights to the two cities amounting to 14 frequencies. While insisting that more than half of its flights will go ahead on September 27, with a schedule of merged services to its daily destinations across its global network, the airline management declared: “We have already helped almost two thirds of our customers who were originally booked over this period to find alternative arrangements. We are offering all customers whose flights were cancelled due to this week’s planned industrial action, the option to rebook on to a British Airways flight, with a schedule of services to our daily destinations on September 26, 27 and 28 September.” Speaking on the disrupted ‘shoulder day’ flights, the airline explained: “We have reinstated as much of our schedule as possible between September 26 – 28. We are offering all customers whose flights were cancelled due to this week’s planned industrial action, the option to rebook on to a British Airways flight, with a schedule of services to our daily destinations on September 26, 27 and 28 September. Asked on if customers who have taken a refund will face sky-high costs to get back onto their original flights, the airline management responded: “Customers who took a refund will not be out of pocket. They will be able to return to a British Airways flight to their destination which is no more expensive than their original fare. We have asked customers to stay up to date with information at www.ba.com/strike. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.