The Senator representing Kogi Central and Chairman, Senate Committee on Information and Communication Technology/Cybercrime, Senator Yakubu Oseni, on Friday, doled out laptops and other educational materials to 20 secondary schools in his district. The exercise, which was the first phase of the Senator’s school empowerment programme, was in fulfilment of his promise to ensure an effective and efficient learning process in schools in the area. Beneficiaries of the school empowerment programme included Government Science Secondary School, Otutu in Okene Local Government Area where the first phase of the exercise commenced. Over 100 laptops were distributed to 20 selected schools from the five local government areas of the district including Commuñity Comprehensive High School (CCHS), Ogori in Ogori-Magongo Local Government Area of the Confluence State. Senator Oseni, in his speech at the programme, opined that the weapon of a prosperous society “is its quality of education” which could only be obtained through the provision of state-of-the-art learning facilities. He, however, warned that the laptop computers were meant for the judicious use of pupils of the schools and should not be converted into personal use. ALSO READ: US based NGO team up with Bauchi govt to boost mining activities “If you recall during my campaign, I emphasized on the importance of qualitative education and empowerment of teachers to discharge their duties effectively in line with global best practice. “It is a well-known fact that the best empowerment one could give an individual to make a positive lasting impact in education. Tribunal nullifies PDP lawmaker’s election in Oyo,… Tribunal dismisses three petitions, affirms Ihedioha’s… We’ll make Nigeria’s GDP largest in Sub-Saharan… Fire guts WHO storage facility in Osogbo “Again, the prediction of a global village through ICT by Marshall McLuhan has already manifested and my people cannot be left behind. “Fortunately in my constituent, upon my resumption, I was appointed to head the Senate Committee on ICT/Cybercrime and today, the benefits of the office have started unfolding. “I am here to distribute 100 pieces of Laptop to 20 selected schools across the five local government areas of Kogi Central. This is just the first phase of the distribution. “I will not stop until all schools in Kogi Central have benefitted! I have said it in many forums that I will ensure you get what actually belongs to you,” he assured. Meanwhile, the principal of CCHS, Ogori, Mr Jacob Ogbenafore Awolumate, while receiving the largesse, thanked Senator Oseni for putting the future of the pupils in mind and recognising minorities in the state. Awolumate, who’s popularly known as LSF and chairman of principals of secondary schools in Kogi Central, averred that the gesture of the senator was a striking departure from days when politicians were concerned about putting their youths and children in harm’s way. “This is the first time an honourable would be distributing equipment to schools in our district. “Earlier, we’ve had people who were distributing guns, cutlasses and charms to youths to displace their opponents. “But here you are looking and preparing a future for the children. May God bless you,” the Ogori-born emeritus Agric teacher enthused on behalf of other principals. TribuneOnline reports that the elated principals of the 20 secondary schools, amid a light fanfare, received five of the 100 laptop computers each on behalf of their schools. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!