The Ogbomoso Development Frontiers (ODF) group, has called on the government of Osun State to live up to its responsibilities on the Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), Ogbomoso or hand it over to Oyo State. The group, in a statement signed by its president, Mr Adebayo Ayandele, asked Osun state to stop propounding frivolous excuses and giving conflicting statistics to explain its perennial failures on the institution. According to the ODF, the statements recently signed by a political appointee in Osun State, Adelani Baderinwa and the Secretary to the State Government, Wole Oyebamiji, suggesting that Governor Makinde was wrongly briefed on LAUTECH, as being not only unfounded but a mere attempt at hiding behind the figures. ALSO READ: LAUTECH: NMA calls for payment of full salaries, laments exit of 150 hospital staff in 5 months The statement described Osun’s submissions as misguided, infantile and diversionary, adding that the state was again out to sabotage the smooth running of LAUTECH. Rather than embark on rigmarole by churning out unfounded, unhelpful and unverifiable claims, the government should have done the needful by paying the salaries it owes. Enrolment: Kaduna SUBEB targets 145,000 out-of-school… APWEN donates textbooks to schools in Kogi state Kwara govt conducts competency test for 173 Principals, 94… Kaduna SUBEB begins training of 6,828 teachers on reading,… The statement read: “The truth of the matter is that the statement credited to Governor Makinde was clear and unambiguous. There was an agreement reached by Oyo and Osun states to the effect that each of the states will shoulder the responsibilities of LAUTECH on a six-month basis. Oyo State has played its part by paying from January to June of 2019. It is now the turn of Osun and it has started defaulting. “Where is the place of a 29-year-old unverifiable history in this?” The group noted that it was apt for Makinde, as the host governor, to cry out on the situation, which would have led to another strike action, but for his honest disposition. The Ogbomoso Development Frontiers urged the Osun State government to toe the path of honour by coming to a roundtable with Oyo State on how to amicably hands off the joint ownership of the university instead of selling itself out as being hell-bent on sabotaging the smooth running of the institution and the economy of Ogbomoso people. The statement further read: “The Ogbomoso Development Frontiers, a socio-political group working for the interest and development of Ogbomosoland, calls on the Osun State government to wake up to its responsibilities on LAUTECH or better still, hand off the ownership of the university since it has the Osun State University and has shown that it could not adequately cater to the needs of LAUTECH. “We note with all sense of modesty that the statement credited to Lani Baderinwa, which he shoddily and mischievously tried to withdraw after he had done the damage, was misguided and needless, while advising the gentleman governor of Osun State, Chief Gboyega Oyetola, to find a peaceful resolution to the crisis affecting LAUTECH with his brother, the Oyo State governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde. “We restate that we and other well-meaning indigenes of Ogbomoso stand solidly behind Governor Makinde and we are in support of his determination to ensure that LAUTECH becomes truly free of ownership challenges,” the group said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!