Federal government have approved the construction of a new International Airport in Ebonyi state following her request for the approval. Minister for Aviation, Hadi Sirika disclosed the approval in a letter sent to Governor David Umahi on Thursday. According to the minister through the director safety and Technical Policy, Capt T A Alkali said the approval followed the visit of a Technical team from the ministry and its agencies to the state on inspection of the proposed site for the airport that confirmed the State Government’s fulfilment for the requirements needed. UPDATE: Sanwo-Olu condemns attack on Shoprite, says 5000… Yellow fever outbreak: Ebonyi govt commences massive… BREAKING: Over 500 Muslim pilgrims escape death as aircraft… Tribunal: Omo-Agege thanks constituents, says petition a… ALSO READ: ‘Professor’ arraigned for internet fraud by EFCC not our staff —OAU He listed the requirements as: strict compliance with the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority requirements; compliance with all relevant environmental regulations, adherence to the provisions of the subsisting Civil Aviation Act 2006, Nigeria Civil Aviation Policy 2013 and other regulations that may evolve with time; and payment of statutory fees. Other requirements according to the Minister include:  Issuance of Security Clearance fro the Department of State Services(DSS); removal of all obstructions on the site and involvement of the Ministry and its relevant agencies at every stage of the development of the airport to ensure compliance with Standards and Recommend Practices (SARPs). Recall that the approval comes at a time when the only International Airport in the Southeast, located in neighbouring Enugu State was shut down by the Federal Government indefinitely as to effect repairs on its dilapidated infrastructure including the runway. Ends SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...