One of the oil firms approved by the Federal Government of Nigeria in April, 2019, Green Energy International Limited (GEIL) has said that negotiations for the commencement of engineering, procurement and construction of the one million barrels per day Otakikpo marginal field in Oil Mining Licence 11 would be concluded in four weeks. Chairman of GEIL, Professor Anthony Adegbulugbe, who disclosed this to newsmen in Abuja, on the sidelines of an event to mark the official project sign-off meeting between GEIL and John Hopkins University Centre for Communications, Nigeria, stressed the need to drive health and social development in host communities. He said the firm, as an operator of the field, had taken the bull by the horns to construct the one million barrel capacity onshore terminal since the government gave it approval. Yakassai blasts Ezeife over 2023 presidency 3 killed, dozens kidnapped as gunmen waylay 14-seater bus on… REVELATIONS: How Nigeria, P&ID negotiations collapsed Reps Chief Whip Monguno fecilitates with Gov Zulum at 50 ALSO READ: Fatoyinbo: Between investigation and intimidation According to him, the marginal field would further increase Nigeria’s crude production and that negotiations for the commencement of EPC on the field had reached an advanced stage. “Our primary contribution is safely developing and delivering the affordable, reliable energy that is necessary for social and economic progress. We also contribute through our work in protecting people and the environment; through our investments in health, education and economic development,” he said. The GEIL boss explained further, “as a leading indigenous oil and gas company, we believe that our partnership with John Hopkins University Centre for Communication Programmes to deliver on the Community Connect Programme, would create a pathway to improve and strengthen the host communities’ health system around the provision of RMNCH services through supportive supervision, monitoring, the unique 72-hour clinic makeovers, whole Site Orientation (WSO) and performance improvement plans.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...