The wife of the President, Her Excellency, Dr. Aisha Muhammadu Buhari has launched the Action-Nigeria Campaign, tagged ‘Albishirin Ku’ which unites maternal, newborn and child health, malaria and nutrition social behaviour change intervention under one identity in Abuja. Mrs Buhari, who was represented by the wife of the Kebbi State governor,  Dr.  Zainab Bagudu, disclosed that the maternal and child health trajectory has experienced various strategies by numerous actors, which have contributed to a degree of improvement, bringing the country to its current status. According to Her Excellency, ‘’as poor as our indices currently are, it could have been worse if these efforts have not gone in. However despite efforts  made by  our country, other countries and the World at large, it is sad to note that our country seems not to be making commensurate impact as we still stand out negatively  on the global stage for poor maternal and child health Sector.” Breastfeeding protects against diabetes in children —Expert Why I succeeded at the health ministry —Prof Lambo Oyo health budget cut by 40 per cent Lassa fever outbreak: Reps decry high death rate UNGA video: Buhari’s remark was within context ― Presidency She stated that ‘’every day, we do hear stories of one woman  or one child dying of one issue or the other in a health facility or at home, from causes that are preventable if one person or the other had taken the right decision and acted  correctly.‘’ All hands must be on deck towards solving the everyday health challenges claiming the lives of our women and children,“ she stressed. She explained that there are some lapses on the part of service delivery, such as:  poor funding, poor infrastructure and shortage of manpower. Also, some experts have outlined that some of the social norms, beliefs and practices have substantially influenced the health system. The First Lady further informed that the ‘’Aisha Buhari Foundation’’  has set up the ‘Future Assured Programme’ to focus attention and make a difference in the lives of the women and children by advocating to address challenges in the area of reproductive, maternal, new born, child and adolescent Health plus nutrition (RMNCAH+N). She said that  fully equipped maternity complex have been constructed at the Daura General Hospital, Kastina State and the Federal Medical Centre, Yola and have also engaged the wives of governors across the country  by organizing workshop and training on RMNCAH+N advocacy. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.