Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, on Saturday in Osogbo, Osun State capital said the Federal Government under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari will make Nigeria attain the leading position as a country with the highest regional Gross Domestic Product (GDP)  in Sub-saharan Africa through technological innovations and social intervention programmes that will create jobs for its citizens. He made the disclosure while addressing graduands at the 8th convocation ceremony of the Osun State University (UNIOSUN), Osogbo. Osinbajo admonished the graduands of the institution to be positive and optimistic in their pursuits and not to allow themselves to be discouraged by the slogan “the Good old days” He further hinted of federal government plans to train two million Nigerians in technological animation with a view to making them content producers and employers of labour which ultimately reduce the rate of unemployment in the country. Tribunal nullifies PDP lawmaker’s election in Oyo,… Tribunal dismisses three petitions, affirms Ihedioha’s… Fire guts WHO storage facility in Osogbo Tribunal affirms Gov Sule’s election, dismisses PDP,… Osinbajo identified capital development, transparency, equitable sharing of resources, peaceful co-existence and respect for the rule of law, among others, as critical fundamentals to sustainable development in any society. ALSO READ: Tribunal affirms Gov Sule’s election, dismisses PDP, Ombugadu’s petition In his remark at the convocation ceremony, Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola tasked Nigerian universities to maintain the academic standard that will make their products to be globally competitive. The Chancellor of UNIOSUN, Chief (Mrs) Folorunso Alakija implored the government to introduce nation-building values in schools curricular and counselled parents, guardians and religious centres to inculcate social values that promote sanity. Immediate past governor of Osun State and current Minister of Interior, Mr Rauf Aregbesola was among those that were presented with the honorary degree of the institution. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!