Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed has confirmed that there is reported outbreak of Yellow Fever in some parts of the state particularly Yankari Games Reserve which is in Alkaleri LGA as well as in Tafawa-Balewa LGA. The Governor made the confirmation on Saturday during a Media Parley to mark his administration’s first 100 days assuring however that government is on top of the situation in order to ensure that it does not spread to other parts of the state. While saying that the outbreak is as a result of large population of monkeys around the Games Reserve, the Governor stated that already government has procured vaccines for vaccination to prevent it from becoming a menace in the state. Bala Mohammed added that some development partners have graciously granted the sum of N6billion support to the state to fight the outbreak assuring that there is, therefore, no cause for alarm because according to him, “we are on top of the situation, our health officials are working round the clock to curtail the situation.” UPDATE: Sanwo-Olu condemns attack on Shoprite, says 5000… Yellow fever outbreak: Ebonyi govt commences massive… BREAKING: Over 500 Muslim pilgrims escape death as aircraft… Tribunal: Omo-Agege thanks constituents, says petition a… ALSO READ: BREAKING: Uduaghan floors James Manager as Tribunal orders rerun in Delta On the general issue of healthcare delivery service, the governor assured that his administration has put machinery in motion to ensure that every month a health facility was considered for rehabilitation and equipping until every health facility in the state was made to function effectively. While lamenting the terrible state of the Specialist Hospital in Bauchi which though has the best modern health equipment could not be properly utilised, the governor assured that it will be made to perform its social services as particular attention will be paid to it. He then called on the people of the state to support his administration to enable it to deliver on its electoral promises to meet up with the yearnings and aspirations of the people. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...