The Nigeria Immigration Service(NIS) has advised youths in the country to channel their energy and resources towards developing the nation instead of making themselves available for trafficking by unpatriotic persons taking advantage of them. The Ekiti state Comptroller, Mrs Ifeoma Idibia gave the advise while meeting with members of the Journalists International Forum For Migration (JIFORM) in her office in Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti state capital yesterday charged both government and private institutions to join hands with the NIS in ensuring that the on-going e-migrant registration gets the desired attention across the country. While commending JIFORM for its determination to champion advocacy against irregular migration in Nigeria, she added that NIS  would be collaborating with National Agency for Prohibition of Persons In Trafficking (NAPTIP) and other agencies in curbing human trafficking. ALSO READ: Insecurity: Group tasks Buhari on establishment of Border Control Enforcement Agency The comptroller said, “This is the first time I am interacting with a group of journalists that specialise in migration reporting. I want to commend JIFORM for choosing to do advocacy against human trafficking and other menaces of irregular migration. I can see that your group comprised youths with the desire to make a difference and we are in support of that. Osinbajo, ministers, FG lawyers meet over P&IB $9.6b… Ekiti SUBEB Chairman seeks legislature’s support to revamp… Team up to improve healthcare delivery, FG charges… Police arrest suspect who allegedly stab okada rider to… “Although Nigeria economy is faced with challenges, the solution is not to join those who think taking to illegal or illicit activities is the way out. There are cases where regular migrants even turned to irregular migrants in many countries but we have a duty as Nigerians to earn a good name for ourselves and our dear nation. “ In as much as migration is not a crime because it is as old as man, however, all of us must not pay lip service to the need to create more opportunities for our youths and those willing to be employed. Through that, many Nigerians would have a rethink about irregular migration. “In Ekiti State, we are meeting with the state government, traditional rulers and other stakeholders to advance sensitisation on e-migrant registration, Ekiti Comptroller residence had been completed by the NIS boss and we are making necessary interventions to curb human trafficking by collaborating with National Agency for Prohibition of Persons In Trafficking (NAPTIP), the police and other agencies.” Earlier, the President of JIFORM , Ajibola Abayomi had sought the support of the Command towards the hosting of international migration conference by the association slated for November the year. He also highlighted the various interventions of JIFORM aimed at stemming the tide of irregular migration. While reiterating the desire to work with the command, he called for strategic collaboration with the association as the body intensified partnership with the Nigeria Customs Service, the Nigeria Police Force, National Emergency Management Agency, International Organisation for Migration (IOM), United Nations Commission for Refugees and other critical stakeholders. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...