A woman, Alimot Kabiru has approached Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State seeking that it put an end to the 13-year-old relationship between her and her husband. Alimot alleged that her husband was irresponsible and in the habit of beating her.  According to her, she was fed up nursing pains and wounds as a result of his beatings and wanted to start her life afresh. The plaintiff further appealed to the court to grant her custody of their two children in order to give them adequate care. “My lord, it is obvious my husband failed to count the cost before deciding to embark on marriage. He’s highly irresponsible and is in the dark as to what marriage entails. “He considers himself a man because of his sexual prowess, but I’m declaring before this court today that he’s a boy because he lacks maturity and has failed to handle his family well. “Sina at every opportunity beats his chest and boast that he’s head of the family but has consistently failed in his role. “He doesn’t give a dime for food but expects not only to eat but to be served the largest share, not minding how I got the food. “The most annoying thing is that he would eat, lick the plate and later complain the soup was either salty or tasteless. “Any time the money on me was just enough to prepare meals for only our children, he gets annoyed and beat me up. “He doesn’t care about our children’s welfare and has refused to contribute towards their education. I single-handedly enrolled our children in school and have been paying their fees and meeting every other need pertaining to their education. My sick 64-yr-old husband keeps asking me for sex at 60, I… Help, I’m dying, my husband committed taboo by sleeping with… She aborted my pregnancy after I gave her N1m as rent —Man I want to return N40, 000 dowry to my husband ’cos he… “My lord, whenever my husband promises to give us money for food, he will wait till I’m in the bathroom or busy attending to our children and sneak out of the house. “If I dare complain when he’s back he will turn it into a fight and beat me mercilessly leaving wounds on me. I spend my resources nursing wounds on regular basis. “My lord, Sina aside being an ingrate, is heartless. I try to cover his shame by making things go well in the home but he rewards me by spending whatever money he has on women. He goes as far as bringing them to our home which to me is demeaning. “My lord, I’ve bore enough with me. I pray that you separate us so that I can start my life afresh,” Alimot told the court. “My lord, she can go if she’s bent on leaving me, “Sina stated. “All Almot said are lies. I buy food for the home, but she doesn’t have time for the children and therefore doesn’t cook. “Alimot doesn’t have time for the family because she’s always attending political parties. “My lord, I cherish my children’s education and pay their fees as and when due,” the defendant said. Giving his judgment after he had heard both parties, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade dissolved their wedlock and granted custody of their children to the plaintiff. The defendant was asked to pay a allowance of N10, 000 monthly through the court as their children’s feeding allowance. He was also mandated to be in charge of their education and health care.   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.