The crisis between the Police Service Commission (PSC) and the Nigeria Police Force over the recruitment of over 10,000 Constables into the Force deepened on Wednesday, as the Commission disowned the list of shortlisted applicants for medical screening by the Police authority. This came barely after 24 hours after the House of Representatives met with the Commission, the Police High Command and the Minister of Police Affairs over the issue with a promise to resolve the matter amicably. However, in a statement made available to newsmen on Wednesday night by PSC spokesperson, Mr Ikechukwu Ani, the Commission claimed ignorance of the list circulating in the social media which originated from the Police and inviting shortlisted applicants for medical screening. ALSO READ: How Nigeria can get over insecurity —Ex-Commissioner of Police According to the statement, “the Commission will like to report that the list was compiled solely by the Nigeria Police Force without the involvement of the Police Service Commission, the body that has the constitutional mandate for appointment ” All candidates who took part in the aptitude test held on Saturday, August 3rd, 2019 are hereby advised to watch out for the authentic list that will emerge after the meeting of the bodies “The leadership of the Commission since coming into office has been doing everything possible to restore sanity not only in the recruitment exercise but also in all other facets of the mandate of the Commission The Commission wishes to state that it will never compromise or abdicate its constitutional mandate and will continue to insist that the recruitment exercise is merit driven, transparent and in conformity with the Public Service Rules and Federal Character principle. It will resist any attempt to sabotage its efforts in this direction ” Applicants are therefore advised not to panic or despair as all their interests will be adequately protected”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...