The Trade Union Congress (TUC), on Sunday, said that Nigerian workers have been swindled by the government over the issue of the new N30,000 minimum wage. The congress hinted that the continued refusal of the government to begin implementation of the new wage has shown clearly that the minimum wage signing by President Muhammadu Buhari shortly before the election was a gimmick for the 2019 general election. In its Independence anniversary message, released on Sunday, the TUC said “to talk about setting up another Committee over the same issue makes us feel we have been swindled. We have learnt our lessons.” Signed by the President of the congress, Comrade Quadri Olaleye, and the Secretary-General, Comrade Musa-Lawal Ozigi, the statement reads: “We find it disturbing that months after the National Minimum Wage Committee (NMC) set up by the Federal Government to work on the new wage had submitted their report government is still not committed to paying the new wage. We are beginning to think that signing it in the first place was because of the 2019 General elections. “The argument on the part of government has always been that there is no money to pay minimum wage whereas lawmakers have budgeted N5.6bn to purchase automobiles that are not produced in Nigeria. ALSO READ:  2019 UTME: Over 100,000 candidates now in universities ― JAMB “Our belief is that government can actually pay if only the cost of governance will be reduced. As long as some people continue to feel that they are more Nigerian and therefore should enjoy more than others we cannot have a sane society.” On the issue of electoral law and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), the congress regretted that at a time when countries like Ghana and Rwanda have almost perfected their electoral process, the credibility of Nigeria elections is still being questioned. BBNaija (S4): Elozonam, Ike evicted Abuja-Kaduna train service generates N100m monthly ― NRC MD Bauchi gets $44.63m from AfDB for development Why we are running a welfarist govt in Oyo ― Makinde “At 59 years we still have the challenge of planning and logistic, government’s interest, use of federal security agencies, the role of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), thuggery, commercialization of votes and outright rigging; technology-aided exercise, multiple thump printing, etc. We cannot afford to repeat the mistakes of the past in 2023. There should be no room for failure this time around.” It added. The TUC also stated that insecurity and various forms of agitations have become a major threat to lives and properties, adding that it has discouraged potential investors, especially foreigners. It said: “The billions of Naira that should be invested to create jobs and build infrastructure are yearly budgeted for arms and ammunition, yet there appear to be no end in sight. We are beginning to think that there are people feeding from our insecurity challenge. This must be investigated and culprits brought to book. “In the last 10 years according to report, Boko Haram sect have killed about 27, 000 civilians and 24 aid workers. We have a dire situation in our hand. The war on agitations is arising from what some call marginalization. “There is need for inclusiveness in governance. People should be given a sense of belonging. All the regions are still deficient in terms of basic infrastructure and therefore should be attended to. No country can make any significant progress where there is absence of justice and equity. A united Nigeria can truly be stronger than European Union but a lot depends on the leadership.” On the issue of corruption and cost of governance, the congress said: “The challenge before Nigeria is not necessarily that of lack of resources but of corruption at various levels. It is demoralizing that people in public service take advantage of their positions to enrich themselves and cronies. Corruption has put the country in a shameful state before the international community. “It is our thinking that corrupt individuals or group should face the law when found guilty of misappropriation, irrespective of their party affiliation, religion or tribe. We make a mockery of ourselves before the world if we claim we are fighting corruption but close our eyes when our friends are involved. That cannot happen in China.” It added: “We strongly call for a drastic reduction in the course of governance; which has only led to ostentatious lifestyle of politicians. Some lawmakers have been there since 1999 (20 years ago) yet they are still there, even though they have nothing in terms of ideas to bring to the table on how to fix the country.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/