President Muhammadu Buhari has tasked members of the Police Service Commission to redouble efforts in ensuring that the Nigeria Police is positioned for effective service delivery to the people. He spoke on Tuesday when he received the 2018 Annual Report of the Commission presented by its Chairman, Alhaji Musiliu Smith who led other members to State House, Abuja. Buhari while stressing on the need for police reform, noted that “your assignment is enormous and calls for sacrifice and commitment especially now that almost every country is faced with severe internal security challenges. Nigeria is no exception.” ALSO READ: MAN sets agenda for Economic Advisory Council, lauds FG The President said he was aware of new ideas introduced into the workings of the Force, urging the Commission to ensure a harmonious working relationship with the Police Force. He said: “The Commission has the most challenging responsibility of carrying out oversight responsibilities of the Police Force. “I am aware that you have put policies in place to reposition the Police Force in the areas of merit-driven promotion and prompt disciplinary actions. The government will require that you redouble your efforts and ensure that the Police Force receives the required assistance for optimum service delivery. “The people that comprise this commission are mostly personally known to me and some of them have been through the mill as it were, therefore I expect them to put the Police in order. FG raises inter-agency task force on N5TRN AMCON debt… Ethiopian PM, Tinubu, win African Democracy Awards African countries set action plan for medicine traceability Don’t allow Ajaokuta steel industry die ― Activist… “I personally believe that the Inspector General is doing his best, the Police are always in the frontline and unless we get the police working effectively, the security of this country will remain in doubt.” He said that by the mandate of the Commission, the task of appointment, promotion and disciplinary control of officers of the Nigerian Police Force, except the Inspector General, fall under it. “I wish to see close communication and understanding between you and the Nigeria Police. This is necessary for the overall efficiency and effectiveness in securing the country,” the President said. Earlier in his address, Smith, had intimated the President that, in line with his (President’s) specific directives,  the management was gradually putting together a productive Nigeria Police Force, which will attract the endorsement of all Nigerians and also receive the acclaim of the policemen themselves. A statement by Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to the President, Mr Femi Adesina, said Smith also requested for the intervention of the President in overcoming the funding constraints of the Commission as well as securing better office accommodation, Fielding questions soon after the meeting, Smith disclosed that the delegation also discussed the crisis trailing the alleged recruitment of 10,000 police constable in the country. Specifically, a disagreement is said to exist between the authorities of the Nigeria Police Force, and the Police Service Commission (PSC) over the supervision of the recruitment process. Acknowledging that the recruitment controversy formed the crux of discussion at the meeting on Tuesday, the former Police boss said: “We took the opportunity to brief Mr President and I’m sure his lieutenants are taking care of it.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!