GOV. Dapo Abiodun of Ogun has approved the importation of vital medical equipment needed by secondary health facilities in the state. The Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Kunle Somorin, said this in a statement on Thursday in Abeokuta. The statement also said that facilities at the General Hospital, Ilaro, were being upgraded to meet international standard. It added that facelift and restructuring of wards were being done while the government had procured a Medical Laboratory Blood Bank, Infant incubator, Resuscitaire, Phototherapy unit, Anesthetic machine and Siniacid among other equipment. ALSO READ: TETFund boss frowns at proliferation of varsities by state governors “When I visited the General Hospital, Ilaro, I was scandalised by the structures and facilities there. I wondered whether what was described as a theatre was suitable for animals. “We had to step in and today we have a modern hospital fitted with equipment that we will all be proud to call a modern health facility,” the statement quoted the governor as saying. Basic healthcare provision fund: Poverty, population… FUOYE investigates attack on Fayemi’s wife NDLEA arrests 21 suspected drug peddlers in Taraba Brigade commander tasks NYSC members on national integration Abiodun promised that a similar exercise would be carried out in all state hospitals in the three Senatorial Districts. He said the General Hospital at Ijaye, Abeokuta, would be next as he had issued an order for standard modern equipment there. “Lack of some vital medical equipment at the General Hospital, Ijaye, was brought to my attention only last week and I immediately approved and authorised the importation of the equipment. “Very soon, the equipment would arrive to ensure efficient service delivery in the health sector, ” he said. According to the statement, the equipment being expected at the State Hospital, Ijaiye, include Cardiotocographic (CTG) machine, Anaesthetic Machine, Halothane and Patient Monitor. Others, it said, were Double Humidifier, Cardiac Defibrillator, Suctioning Machine, Autoclaving Machine, Gurney Trolley, Neonatal resuscitation and wheelchairs among others. The governor, according to the statement, promised that his administration would continue to ensure that state-owned hospitals have the necessary equipment needed for their operations. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!