Nigeria’s largest technology market hub, Ikeja Computer Village, will treat consumer technology lovers to five exciting days of cutting-edge technology innovation showcase at the Computer Village Expo 2019 (#CVE2019) holding between December 10 and 14 in Lagos. Mrs Bisola Azeez Isokpehi, the Iyaloja of Ikeja Computer Village, who unveiled the #CVE2019 Event Plan last week in Lagos said the biggest consumer technology innovation festival in Nigeria will showcase tomorrow’s cutting-edge consumer technology innovation. The #CVE2019 consumer technology festival will feature products and services that will shape and define tech lifestyles in 2020 and beyond.  At #CVE2019, attendees expected from across Nigeria, Africa and beyond will be treated to a wide array of smartphones, gadgets, devices, accessories, consumer electronics, computing and allied products and services during the country’s biggest tech extravaganza, she said. Isokpehi said that #CVE2019 is a collaborative event platform that followed a definitive agreement signed between the Ikeja Computer Village Market Management Board (under the Iyaloja and Babaloja), the Strategic Partner, and Technology Times Media Limited, Event Organiser, to create a world-class event that promotes innovation, entrepreneurship and consumer technology trends in the market. She said that #CVE2019 with the theme, “A new Partnership Agenda for Growth” will foster a better understanding of the Ikeja Computer Village ecosystem and also create awareness of trade, investment, partnership and growth opportunities among the largest technology SMEs in Nigeria. She identified #CVE2019 as part of initiatives to positively showcase and elevate the status of? “Brand Computer Village.”  “The goal of our new board is to create an enviable and reputable market environment and elevate the ‘Brand Computer Village beyond its present status.” It will be recalled that the #CVE2019 is a fully-owned brand of Technology Times Media Limited. The Ikeja Computer Village Market Management Board is headed by Isokpehi. Isopkehin Azeez and Mr Adeniyi Olasoji, the Iyaloja and Babaloja respectively,  were installed on May 2, 2019, to be the administrators of Ikeja Computer Village. Nigeria adopts September 16 as National ID Day ‘LG’s Instanview Refigerators out with sustainable … NATCOMS urges telecoms operators to enlighten subscribers on… Cybercrime inimical to individual,  nation’s development… The Iyaloja of Ikeja Computer Village said the new board will unveil a landmark programme at the #CVE2019 festival conceived to make the tech market hub a zero-tolerance zone for trade in stolen phones. “We are collaborating with the Association of Mobile Communication Device Technicians of Nigeria (AMCODET), an association of technicians within the market, that has designed a programme to eradicate trade in stolen phones and curb the issues of incessant police harassments of its members in the market”, she added. Under the plan, the new Market Board is also collaborating with the Nigerian Police Force, industry regulators and other stakeholders towards eradicating the buying and selling of stolen phones in Ikeja Computer Village market, according to the market leader. “The goal of the board is to create an enviable and reputable market environment to elevate the brand “Computer Village” beyond its present status. We are also bringing new partners and stakeholders to #CVE2019 to explore mutually-beneficial and enduring partnerships that leverage the largest technology SME cluster in Nigeria as drivers of growth across various sectors of the economy,” she said. She said that the Ikeja Computer Village Market Board is collaborating with Technology Times Media Limited to elevate the #CVE2019 show to a world-class event platform that delivers benefits to Technology SMEs represented in the market by promoting innovation, entrepreneurship and consumer technology trends. Commenting on the partnership, Mr. Shina Badaru, Founder of Technology Times, the Nigerian technology media group and publishers of Komputer Village Magazine, said that #CVE2019 will build upon the inaugural edition of the show held 2015 in Lagos. “Technology Times is excited to partner and identify with the vision of the new market Board to elevate #CVE2019 into the annual festival of technology innovation connecting 10000+ Technology SMEs from Nigeria’s largest technology market hub with consumer technology buyers across Nigeria, Africa and beyond for five exciting days in the heart of Nigeria’s commercial capital city, Lagos,” he said. According to the Technology Times Founder, “#CVE2019 further extends its ongoing partnership with Ikeja Computer Village to promote a developmental journalism coverage of players, activities and trends in the market, saying we are also proud to create an annual consumer technology festival that will be the pride of Nigeria, which will take Ikeja Computer Village to the world and brings the world to Ikeja Computer Village. According to the organisers, the| Flagship Integrated Events Platform Computer Village Expo 2019 (#CVE2019) provides the annual flagship integrated events platform connecting 10000+ Technology SMEs from inside Nigeria’s largest technology market and consumer technology buyers across Nigeria, Africa and beyond. #CVE2019 will promote niche Technology SMEs that are the backbone of the Nigerian economy in driving innovation, job creation and overall economic growth. #CVE2019 integrated events model opens possibilities for entrepreneurship, thought leadership sessions, cutting-edge innovation, business networking, tech lifestyles, entertainment, glamour and more. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.