Abimbola, the former First Lady of Lagos State and wife of Minister for Works and Housing, Babatunde Raji Fashola, is slated to officially commission Jandor Foundation’s Liberty Place House, October 1, 2019. The Lead Visioner, Jandor Foundation, Mr Olajide Adediran, who made this known recently, said that the official commissioning of the Liberty Place, a newly built Ultra-modern office complex for the Foundation’s Head Office as well as Secretariat. Adediran maintained that the commissioning which coincides with the celebration of Nigeria’s Independence Day is deliberate because the move strongly aligns and symbolises the vision of the Foundation which is to empower the needy in our society, towards helping them become independent and self-sufficient. “The new office complex is part of our continuous improvement to the foundation’s support services model. The successes of our empowerment initiatives, especially over the past two years, have been very encouraging and an office complex such as this will provide the required support infrastructure and help us be better positioned to seamlessly execute future empowerment initiatives. ALSO READ: Cashless policy: Reps did not summon CBN Governor ― Hon. Nwokolo BBNaija (S4): Elozonam, Ike evicted Abuja-Kaduna train service generates N100m monthly ― NRC MD Bauchi gets $44.63m from AfDB for development Why we are running a welfarist govt in Oyo ― Makinde “We named it Liberty Place, as we strongly believe it will help many, especially our indigent folks become independent on many fronts.” Other special guests and dignitaries expected at the event will include top government functionaries, private sector leaders, politicians, traditional rulers, sister NGO representatives and friends of the foundation. It will be recalled that Jandor Foundation was formally established in 2017 as an organisation committed to building structures that give hope to the indigent in the society. Meanwhile, in a society where hope is practically lost, the foundation has quickly earned a reputation and identified as restorers of hope. In a space of two years of operation in Lagos, the foundation already has over 1,000 volunteers who helped to transform over 1,000 lives and commissioned over 150 projects. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/