Some Enugu residents on Friday called on Enugu State Government to develop tourist sites in the state for the creation of jobs for the teeming population among youths in Enugu. Some of them, who spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) at different interviews, said that for the past 58 years, Enugu government had not deemed it fit to create jobs through the development of tourist sites in the state. According to them, tourism is among the largest employers of labour in advanced countries such as United States of America and Dubai. Mr Emeka Anene, a civil servant, explained that tourism, if well developed in the state would be a large industry that would serve thousands of people on a yearly basis. ALSO READ: Ondo to collaborate with OPC, other security outfits in community policing Anene further explained that most of the tourist sites had been in existence before 1960 without being developed, adding that if well developed, would attract a lot of tourists from within and outside Nigeria. “If the government can develop about 70 percent of the tourist sites in the state, there will be more jobs and sources of revenue generation for the state. Tiger Beer re-launches with ‘Uncage Party’ Six finalists make it to DFA Bootcamp Nollywood: Bringing trust and accountability to enterprise #BBNaija19: Tacha kicked out over fight with housemate “This be through the natural wonders and historical landmarks in most of the tourist sites left undeveloped,” he said. Another resident, Mrs Ogechukwu Onyia, said that the tourism sector had been neglected for long, adding that due to the under-development of the sector, many jobs that could be created from it for many including youths were neglected. ALSO READ: Lagos govt reads riot acts to contractors According to Onyia, tourism has a positive economic impact on a country or state with the increase in employment and revenue generation for the government through the services rendered to tourists. “Tourism is seen as the main sector that stimulates economic activities in some countries and regions,” he said. Mr Sunday Ijezie said that there were many tourism sites in different area councils of the state yet to be developed for tourist attractions. He listed some of the sites to include Ezeagu waterfall, Akwuke lake, Milken Hill, Awhum Cave and Waterfall, Ngwo Cave and Waterfall, Iheneke Lake, Opi Lake, Ugwueme and Udi Hills among others. He also called on the state government to stop paying less attention to tourism, adding that with the development of the sites, youths in the state would engage meaningfully and insecurity minimised. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.