Mr Fidet Okhiria, Managing Director, Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC), says the Abuja-Kaduna Train Service (AKTS) generates an average of N100million monthly. Okhiria disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. According to him, it is quite impressive. I can tell you as we speak we have over N100million a month on the Kaduna-Abuja. “I don’t have the figure off heart but all I know is that we are averaging over a hundred million,” Okhiria said. The NRC boss expressed satisfaction with the increased turnout of the passenger at the AKTS, adding that the government was making efforts to address the passenger surged on the train line. ALSO READ: Bauchi gets $44.63m from AfDB for development He said:” We are happy with the turnout of people and as I said earlier, once we have the coaches and we start rolling a train every hour, the pressure will come down. “Like I told the Minister, it is not just the number of coaches but the trips we run that will reduce the pressure because different people will have different times to board the train. “For now, let’s just bear it till November when the new coaches will be available. BBNaija (S4): Elozonam, Ike evicted Bauchi gets $44.63m from AfDB for development Why we are running a welfarist govt in Oyo ― Makinde Oyintiloye extols Governor Oyetola’s virtue at 65 “And as I tell people, now we are getting the attention and it’s another milestone. “Four years back nobody was talking about railway; but now everybody, the big, mighty and small are now talking about using the train. “It is getting popular, people are paying attention and the management, board and staff are gearing up to make sure that we meet the needs and demands of Nigerians. ” On the e-ticketing, Okhiria said measures were also in place to ensure the e-ticketing for the country’s train line met the international standard. He said the e-ticketing platform would not only guarantee orderliness in purchasing of the ticket but would address some major security challenges. He said the e-ticketing would ensure the database of all passengers boarding the train was captured in case of emergencies. According to the NRC boss, the procurement process for the platform would soon be concluded and in a matter of weeks, the contract for the project would be awarded. On security, the NRC boss said the corporation had introduced more security personnel and measures that would ensure the safety of persons and the trains. He explained that the management was also trying to introduce some technology into the train operation to ensure proper monitoring of the trains with the signalling solution. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/