The Itsuokor foundation has embarked on a free medicare outreach at Ile-Oluji town in Ondo state. The outreach which lasted for three days was sponsored by Dr Ben Itsuokor – a UK based medical consultant who had sponsored more than a dozen of such outreaches in the past two years, was coordinated by Revd. Dr Abiola and supported by chief Funsho Akinmolayan,  an indigene of Idanre. ALSO READ: The $9bn judicial scam against Nigeria (II) The outreach had four medical personnel, six nurses, three pharmacists, and eight lab scientists to attend to people who trouped in from the neighbouring communities. About a thousand people were given treatments. The people benefited from free consultations to free medications. Several emergencies were attended to and some stroke patients were seen and given 6-months supply of drugs. Also, laboratory tests were carried out and 700 people were screened for Atrial fibrillations and risked assess for Transient Ischemic Attack (TIA): a neurological dysfunction from reduced blood flow to a part of the brain. It is stated to be a forerunner for stroke. Don’t move your cattle along South-East, Ohanaeze… Tribunal: Ajimobi, Balogun know fate Tuesday Horror in Ebonyi as 10 feared dead, four missing Tribunal sacks PDP Rep member in Ebonyi, declares APC… The foundation also donated some medical equipments to the community such as 4 sets of wheelchair, three patients’ monitor, digital spirometers, ECG machines with consumables, mini ear endoscopes, SPO2 devices, ambulatory blood pressure equipments, Zimmer frames, tens machines, various laboratory kit, stethoscopes, sphygmomanometers, several drugs, electronic hospital beds amongst others. The host community treated the medical team to a warm reception, they provided support for the outreach team where needed. The Oba of the town – His Royal Majesty, Oba Julius Adetimehin and chiefs of the community, invited the entire team to his palace for dinner and gave out various gifts. Similarly, the medical director of the hospital, Dr Tony Olabanji, alongside the former medical director and former chairman of Ondo State Hospitals Management Board, Dr Tunde Ogunsusi, helped ensure a hitch-free outreach. Dr Ben Itsuokor, however, promised that the team would visit the community again, as well as other places in Nigeria.      SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.