Michael Onyemah is one of the fashion experts making waves in the industry. In this interview by SEYI SOKOYA, he speaks on his vision to transform the industry, among other issues:  You recently organised a fashion show. What was the experience like? It was awesome and the acceptance was encouraging. In fact, the event is still the talk of the town following its effect and significance. It took us three years to plan and execute Mykmary Fashion Show 2019 and we thank God it came out with huge success. The maiden edition of Mykmary Fashion Show 2019 attracted several visitors from within and outside Lagos, including business people, investors, sales agents, manufacturers, business representatives, potential customers, and those seeking for joint-venture partnerships in the fashion industry. Among the designers that showcased on the runway of Mykmary fashion show were House of Meenah, Jade Crystal Crafta, G.Ratel Clothing, Elegant world of Nashas, Born King Artistry, Gaks Collection and Dabira clothing.  Why did you venture into fashion? We discovered that the sector in Nigeria is so wild that so many aspects had not been practised and put in place. So, our fashion shows are not only based on fashion line, but also to create a fashion platform in terms of fashion designers, modeling agency, fashion journalism, cosmetics, etc, from Nigeria, especially showcasing our indigenous brand to the international market.  Who are your target audience? We are targeting the up-and-coming fashion designers and not those that have already made a name. We are targeting the average Nigerian fashion designers in order to showcase them to the international market. MI, Adekunle Gold, others serenade  at Waje’s Red Velvet… Tiwa Savage, Basketmouth boycott South African shows Davido speaks on wedding plans “Xenophobic attacks on Nigerians is shameful,… What inspired this initiaitve, especially at this time? When it comes to our inspiration to organise a fashion show like this, it still boils down to what I said earlier that there are lots of talent in the fashion sector that needed to be seen; there are bigger markets to reach. So, we hope to bridge the gap between the average Nigerian fashion designers and the international market. We are committed in the promotion of Nigerian fashion brands, it was conceived and created due to the fact that Nigeria is the largest population in Africa with her fast growing dynamic economy and one of the future stars in the world which today attracts exporters and investors from all over the world. This has led to huge demands for the Nigerian fashion sector. Lagos State, being the business hub of West Africa is running today more than 50 percent of the overall Nigerian economy with its West Africa hinterland. Mykmary fashion provides enabling platform and opportunity to showcase product and services from Nigerian fashion trends.  So, who is the brain behind mykmary fashion show? There are two people involved in MykMary Fashion House concept; Michael Onyemah and Mary Onyema.  How has it been since the implementation of this initiaitve? The truth is that when you are coming out with a new idea, people tend to look at you from afar. They want to see how far you can go, both corporate bodies and individuals; they watch you from a distance. They want to see if you can achieve something, but by the time they see limelight, they want to be part of it. Like what we had at the maiden edition, you can imagine what the next edition will be like. We had to be focused despite the fact that a lot of designers and corporate bodies were watching from a distance but we are hopeful for sustainable support because we have been able to prove that we are passionate about the promotion and growth of fashion industry.  Where do you see Mykmary fashion show in the next five years? As our slogan says:“…projecting Nigerian fashion designers to the international market.” Our projection is that five years from now, we want to have 50 percent of Nigerian fashion designers on the international platform through MykMary fashion show. MykMary fashion party, fashion exhibition, conference or master class. We would have also achieved the MykMary fashion awards. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...