THE Institute of Agricultural Research and Training (IAR&T) has told farmers that the combination of organic and inorganic fertiliser use is highly effective in getting good yields. A soil scientist in charge of land management extract for optimum and sustainable land use at IAR&T, Dr Olufunmilayo Ande, told farmers during a farmers field day which was held at the institute, Moor Plantation, Ibadan, last Thursday. She noted that the aim of the programme is to showcase a technology to maize farmers called integrated soil fertility management. Ande, hinted that the integrate soil fertility management is not just applying fertiliser to the soil, but a combined use of fertilisers. “You apply fertiliser in such a way that it will feed the crop and take care of the soil. Initially, people apply fertiliser to feed the crop and they neglect the soil and the soil continue to decline to the extent that you are applying organic fertiliser and the yield is not getting to the genetic potentials. Crown Flour,  AMBCN collaborate to sensitise bakers on food… Cocoa can be mainstay of the economy —CFAN president OCP Group, Ghanaian govt partner to boost fertiliser value… Kogi govt to empower farmers, screen 3000, women, youths “From our discovery, we realise that we need integrated soil fertility management which involves the use of organic fertiliser, inorganic fertiliser and sand agronomic practices. Example of sand agronomic practice is that apply the fertiliser at the right time like three weeks after planting and before about to tassel so that you can use it.” She said. She also described weeding at the right time as one of the important aspects of sand agronomic practices, including control of pests and diseases. “When you combine all these together that when you can have optimum yield and also sustainable land use management,” Ande concluded. Also speaking during the event, Head, South-West Farming System, Research and Extension Programme, IAR&T, Professor Lucia Ogunsumi, said maize can be a profitable venture if properly managed. She urged farmers to consider using the combination of organic and inorganic fertilisers in order to record a good yield. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.