Chief Allen Onyema is the winner of the September 2019 L&M Leader of the Month Award. Allen Onyema exemplifies the fulcrum of strong leadership which is compassion. This was demonstrated in his volunteering to evacuate Nigerians who were recently subjected to xenophobic attacks in South Africa. When great leaders see a need, they take the lead to address such need. They do not wait for any prompting and they do not stop until the need is addressed. That is what Onyema did with his gesture. Synthesis: The leader’s power of cohesion How companies build competitive advantage 5 success-enhancing beliefs Assumptions that ruin businesses 2019 UTME: Over 100,000 candidates now in universities ― JAMB Allen Onyema, a 1987 Law graduate of the University of Ibadan, was called to the Nigerian bar in 1989. He joined Nwizugbo and Company, a legal firm, in 1990 and was appointed Head of Chambers in 1992. He left the company shortly after that to establish his own outfit, Onyema and Company. Later, he diversified his business, veering into real estate as well as export and import business. In 2013, he established Air Peace, a private airline which provides passenger and charter services to major cities of Nigeria and flies to several West African destinations and the Middle East. An advocate of peaceful coexistence, Onyema in 2005, initiated the First Nigeria Forever Project, an initiative for the promotion of broad nationalism as opposed to ethnic nationalism. He subsequently won for Nigeria the hosting right for Global Conference on Nonviolence and Peace in 2007. For his demonstration of compassion and taking the lead in meeting a need, Mr Allen Onyema is L&M Leader of the Month for September 2019, the first in the series. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/