In a bid to curb  Yellow fever outbreak, Ebonyi State government has strategised plans to commence a ten days massive vaccination in three local government areas of the state for people between the age of 9 months and 44 years old. The state commissioner for health, Dr Daniel Umezurike disclosed this to newsmen on Saturday. According to Umezurike, the state is aiming at vaccinating over 1 million person’s against the deadly disease in  Izzi, Ebonyi and Abakaliki local governments due to the outbreak recorded in the areas last month. Umezurike thereby urged residents of the area to go to the nearest designated posts for the vaccine, stating that the immunisation would not be a house to house activity. He also appeals to all the community leaders, clergymen, heads of schools and teachers to cooperate with the vaccinators. UPDATE: Sanwo-Olu condemns attack on Shoprite, says 5000… BREAKING: Over 500 Muslim pilgrims escape death as aircraft… Tribunal: Omo-Agege thanks constituents, says petition a… Ondo Lawmaker, guber aspirant involve in accident “The approved mass vaccination campaign against yellow fever will be in 3 LGAs: Izzi, Ebonyi and Abakalik and it will start from 6th to 16th September, 2019 for a start. ALSO READ: Tribunal: Omo-Agege thanks constituents, says petition a needless distraction “For this activity, 374 teams will be working in the 3 LGAs targeting to immunise everybody between 9 months to 44 years, which constitutes 85 per cent of the population. “The target population in these three LGAs are 1,121, 021 persons and every arrangement has been made to achieve a successful campaign with good coverage and it shall be house to house activity,” he explained. However, Umezurike further noted that a single dose of 0.5 ml injection would be administered by the team during the exercise. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...