Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed has been commended over what is described as his remarkable achievements within the first 100 days in office. The commendation was made by the Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC), Bauchi State chapter as contained in a press release signed by Umar Abubakar and Muhammed Haruna, the state Chairman and Secretary respectively, made available to newsmen in Bauchi, on Tuesday, on behalf of the 72 registered political parties in the state. It praised the Governor’s template for the development of the state and urged citizens of the state to support the administration to implement people-oriented programmes. ALSO READ: We shall advance integration of West African sub-region ― Wase IPAC further noted that the calibre and composition of the Governor’s political appointees, especially Commissioners have the professional requirements and competence to move the state to greater heights. FG raises inter-agency task force on N5TRN AMCON debt… Ethiopian PM, Tinubu, win African Democracy Awards African countries set action plan for medicine traceability Don’t allow Ajaokuta steel industry die ― Activist… The statement observed that no sooner had the Governor assumed office that he flagged off the construction of rural, urban roads and improvement of water supply as well as reforms in the health and education sectors. “The projects have been evenly distributed in all the senatorial districts of the state to ensure that all sections of the state are given democratic dividends” it stated. “Apart from roads being constructed, the issue of serious water shortage facing the  State capital for long is being addressed by the administration through the execution of a multi-billion Naira World Bank Gubi Dam Treatment plant,” the release further contained. It also expressed joy over the administration’s establishment of a Petroleum Studies and Skills Acquisition Institute in Alkaleri local government area to train and produce professionals to serve the oil industry. “Perhaps the greatest achievement of Governor Bala Mohammed within the period under review is the remarkable effort in bringing an end to the lingering crisis in the State House of Assembly. “We wish to admonish members of the state assembly to work collectively and harmoniously with the executive arm of government  to advance the cause of citizenry through the enactment of laws and passage of resolutions and motions  geared towards the advancement of the state and it’s people,” it stated SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!