A chieftain of All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos, Senator Anthony Adefuye, has assured people of Bariga that the state governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, would soon appoint from among them a commissioner, urging them to exercise patience and remain united. Adefuye gave this assurance while speaking at the “Constituency Stakeholder’s Meeting,” of the Lagos State House of Assembly, which took place at Bariga LCDA headquarters, saying the governor gave him this assurance when he met with him a few days ago at the Lagos House in Alausa, Ikeja. The APC chieftain, who is also a member of the Governor’s Advisory Council (GAC), was responding to agitations by leaders and members of the party in Somolu Constituency 11 at the stakeholder’s meeting anchored by the Chief Whip, Lagos State House of Assembly, Hon. Rotimi Abiru. The party leaders and members, including Chief Adekunle Olowolagba, Pa Osinuga aka Labealaga, among others had noted with sadness that the constituency had not for the past eight years been considered for the post of commissioner or special adviser, despite the fact that it ranked third in vote-support for the party in the last elections across the country. ALSO READ: PDP raises alarm over PEPT’s delay to release record of judgment Local singer arrested for allegedly criticising Ganduje… Yam festival: Angry youths on rampage over refusal of… Obasanjo, Anyaoku, Sanwo-Olu, others task Africa leaders on… Gov Bello unveils Free Healthcare Initiative in Kogi State Adefuye, while responding to the issues raised at the constituency meeting said: “Commissioner is here and not here until he is announced. I met the governor this week and raised the matter with him. I let him realise that for the past eight years, no commissioner had been appointed from Bariga. He has assured me, saying I should exercise patience.” He, therefore, urged the people to remain united and shun quarrel and division amongst themselves, assuring them that very soon a commissioner would soon be named to represent the constituency. Speaking further, Senator Adefuye, who decried youth unemployment in the area, pointed out that the constituency was blessed and could still explore its rich potentials in transportation and printing businesses in Bariga and Somolu respectively to generate more jobs. This was just as he charged the local government authorities in the area to create a section whereby the affected youths could come and apply online for vacancies in areas of their specialization, warning that the youth needed jobs and failure to secure such “could make them turn against their parents.” “Bariga children are tough,” he added. Besides, he also tasked contractors undertaking ongoing projects in the area to ensure they engage youths in need of jobs in order to reduce the unemployment level among the youth. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!