THE Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has criticised the Federal Government of over the non-declaration of Muharram 1, the first day of the Islamic New Year as a public holiday. The organisation, in a statement by its director, Professor Ishaq Akintola, said it had, therefore, decided to take its case to the National Assembly. MURIC accused the Federal Government of being unfair to Nigerian Muslims in the manner it shares out its public holidays. According to MURIC, 1st Muharram is the Islamic version of 1st January. The former, therefore, deserves recognition like the latter “if indeed Nigeria is not a Christian state.” MURIC’s statement reads in part: “What is good for the goose is good for the gander. It is unfair of the Federal Government to recognise 1st January for Christians while closing its eyes to 1st Muharram. It is one of the ways by which government has marginalised Nigerian Muslims. This must stop. A government which seeks peaceful coexistence should practise parity, justice and fairness. South Africa xenophobic attacks: NACOMYO cautions Nigerians… Kwara Muslims demand work-free day for Hijrah celebration Ogun set to address dearth of IRK, Arabic teachers in… Be good ambassadors of the law profession, Islam “We have been making this particular demand on a yearly basis for more than 15 years but the Federal Government continues to ignore our demand. It must be emphasised that Islamic organisations (not MURIC alone) have been making this demand through petitions and appeals dating back to the 60s but successive administrations have turned the deaf ear to their pleas. “In view of the nonchalant attitude of successive governments at the centre for more than two decades, nay, since independence, we are constrained to appeal to the National Assembly to take up this issue as a matter of urgent public interest. Nigerian lawmakers should not wait until reckless and violent groups hijack this agitation.” “Our message to distinguished senators and honourable members of the NASS is this: whether you are a Christian or a Muslim, posterity will remember you for your stand on this matter. Is it fair for one group to enjoy five holidays while another has only three? Is that what you call justice and equity? “We appeal to the NASS to take a dispassionate look at the demand of Muslims for the recognition of the first day of the Islamic calendar just as the first day of the Christian calendar is given recognition. This is a just and equitable demand. We assert clearly, emphatically and categorically that Nigerian Muslims remain oppressed until Hijrah Day is declared a national public holiday. “MURIC hails state governors who have recognised 1st Muharram and declared them as public holidays. In particular, we pay tribute to the former governors Rauf Aregbesola (Osun, now Minister of Internal Affairs) and Isiaka Abiola Ajimobi (Oyo) for their pivotal roles in this regard. Posterity will certainly engrave their names in letters of gold.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...