As Nigerians celebrate 59th independence anniversary, Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, on Monday urged all the citizens, at home and in the diaspora, to remain firmly committed to the unity of Nigeria as a nation. Oyetola made the call in his goodwill message to the people of the state on the occasion of the nation’s 59th independence anniversary. While assuring them of better days ahead, Oyetola maintained that no achievement could surpass the country’s togetherness as a nation which has remained intact in spite of all the challenges that had threatened it in the last 59 years. He added that the people owed the country a responsibility to join the government in the task of interrogating issues that threaten the country’s collective survival as a nation, with a view to marshalling out plans for socio-political and economic growth and sustainable development. “I congratulate and felicitate with every citizen of Osun, and by extension, all Nigerians, on this joyous event and on the journey so far. “On all accounts, it is appropriate to roll out the drums to celebrate the accomplishment of the vision of our founding fathers to birth a strong, indivisible, peaceful and prosperous Nigeria. ALSO READ: Nigeria@59: Deputy Speaker Wase tasks Nigerian leaders on justice, fair play “Although the journey has been adorned by dark days of colonialism, a shattering civil war and occasional crises, we have proved to the world that our ethnic, linguistic and religious diversities are sources of strength, not division. Nigeria @ 59: Nigeria will be sitting on time bomb if…… #NigeriaAt59: President Buhari’s Independence Day speech… Kidnappers yet to release wife of railway boss as police… Nigeria@59: 9-year-old Ifeanyichukwu, nine others grab… “Fifty-nine years down the road, we have had our accomplishments and failings, but Project Nigeria is on course. “Consequently, we owe it to ourselves and posterity to continue to interrogate issues that threaten our collective survival as a nation. In our introspection, we must review not just the last fifty-nine years but also attempt to project further afield into the years ahead and marshal our plans for socio-political and economic growth and sustainable development,” he said. Oyetola also reiterated the commitment of the administration to delivering on all its campaign promises and supporting the sustainable development agenda of the Federal Government across all sectors of the economy. He urged the citizens to continue to cooperate with the government in sustaining and maintaining her status as the most peaceful state in the country. “The Federal Government employed pragmatic policies, including diversifying the economy, frontally fighting corruption, securing the nation and introducing policies to put the nation on a realistic course. “We are fighting unemployment, hunger, dwindling economy, unemployment and flashes of insecurity headlong and we are getting enduring results along the way. “We shall vigorously pursue these policies as a foundation for delivering results on a massive scale in the remaining years. “Our State was created three decades after independence but we have proved that we have all it takes to be outstanding. The national distinction and recognition our state won in health and peace last year were as a result of your cooperation and support. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.