The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, on Thursday, affirmed that the performance of Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi in three and half years higher than that of all the past 13 years of PDP administrations in the state. Oshiomhole stated this at the party’s headquarters in Abuja during a meeting of all aspirants for Kogi 2019 and the National Working Committee Of the Party. According to Oshiomole, weighing the performance of the previous administration and that of Gov. Yahaya Bello, you will score the current governor higher if we must tell ourselves the truth. “Bello did not only inherited salary from his predecessors which he had defrayed but also inherited burdens of infrastructure, projects approved and money paid but were not executed and the governor is doing all such projects today. ALSO READ: Governor Bello has surpassed his predecessors in infrastructure, human capital development —Chief of Staff ”Even our party’s enemies will agree with us that Yahaya Bello has done well in the area of security. If the people are not secured, no meaningful development can take place. ”I have had three of my relations kidnapped in Kogi State while travelling from Edo to Abuja during the last administration. Xenophobia: South Africa closes embassy in Nigeria after… Drama, as APC NWC constitutes Appeal Committees for Kogi,… Flood: 6 dead, several houses, valuables destroyed in… Kogi/Bayelsa Guber: Stick to our deadlines on submission of… ”I have people who live in Kogi State and we all know the level of insecurity in that state before, but today you can all agree with me that the current governor has addressed the issue of security in Kogi today”, Oshiomole said. Oshiomhole stressed that the rots left behind by the 13 years rule of the PDP in Kogi State could not be cleaned off in four years by Bello led APC Government, while urging the people to support the governor for the second term. Oshiomhole noted that the meeting was to resolve all grievances arose from the primary election in Kogi State and to harmonize the party for the 2019 election. “We have had an extensive conversation as APC family to touch issues that arose from the primaries in Kogi. ”Aspirants have spoken their minds and we have heard them as National Working Committee Of the Party. ”I am glad to let you know that all our aspirants including those that were disqualified and those that contested and lost had agreed to work with Gov. Yahaya Bello, who is the APC flag bearer,” he said. The chairman thanked all the aspirants for their understanding and loyalty to the party while commending the good people of Kogi State for standing by the APC and assured them of more democratic dividends. He further affirmed that all aspirants had also agreed to work with Gov. Bello to win the next election, stating that none of them was going to court on the primary matter. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...