President Muhammadu Buhari has identified corruption as the major cause of insurgency, kidnapping, armed banditry and poverty in the country and, therefore, called on the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to redouble its efforts in clamping down on all corrupt persons, irrespective of their profile in the society. The president gave the charge in his speech as the reviewing officer of the passing out parade of cadets of the EFCC Superintendent Course 8 from the Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA) in Kaduna State on Saturday. Represented at the NDA event by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, President Buhari lamented that corruption had retarded development and also brought a great embarrassment to Nigeria, especially before the international community. EFCC arrests two suspected internet fraudsters wanted by FBI He said his administration had made significant progress in the fight against corruption, especially cyber and financial crimes, adding that it would not relent in ensuring that every corrupt person was brought to justice. “As part of efforts to boost the war against corruption in Nigeria, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has trained a total of 328 new investigative officers at the Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA) in Kaduna State. “The training is to prepare them adequately ahead of their deployment as anti-graft investigators across the country. New Lebanese wife of Gov Muhammed arrives Bauchi Nigerian Startup builds Anti-kidnap and Anti-theft gadget Christian leaders to members: Defend yourselves against… Zamfara gov orders immediate implementation of RUGA “This  colourful passing out parade follows their completion of a year-long intensive training in the elite training institution,” he said. Addressing the cadets, the president reminded them that much is expected from them in supporting the ongoing fight against corruption. He admitted that there were still undeniable and systemic challenges, adding that “the deep-rooted nature of the problem, obviously, is corruption.” The president also told universities to stop monetisation of honorary degrees. He gave the admonition at the conferment of honorary degree on some dignitaries the Federal University, Oye-Ekiti (FUOYE), Ekiti State. He, however, commended the management of the university for not placing priority on money in the conferment of its honourary awards. Represented by a director at the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFUND), Dr. John Ojo Olusola, the president called on other institutions in the country to emulate FUOYE. Those who were honoured included the Catholic Bishop of Ekiti Diocese, Most Reverend Felix Ajakaye; the cleric who saved 262 Christians from being killed by bandits in Barking Ladi area of Plateau State, Alhaji Abubakar Abdullahi; and a British national who has mentored many Nigerians and rendered a lot of humanitarian services to the nation, Chief Guy Garguilo. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...