NASARAWA State Governor, Engr. Abdullahi Sule, has reiterated his administration’s commitment to transforming the state’s economy to compete among the top three most viable states in Nigeria. This was contained in a statement signed by Yakubu Lamai, Director General, Strategic Communication & Press Affairs to the governor, and made available to pressmen. He stated that the governor gave the affirmation while discussing with the Deputy Secretary of the United Nations, Hajiya Amina Mohammed in New York. According to the statement, Governor Sule’s goal is to transform the state to be “one of the top three most competitive states in Nigeria by 2023, which is why he conceived a bold, untested and futuristic document known as Nasarawa Economic Development Strategy (NEDS), where he assigned fifteen global economic players and conscripted them into a think tank called Nasarawa State Economic and Investment Advisory Council. N90bn FIRS fund: We don’t endorse corruption ― CAN Ayade meets Abba Kyari on Bakassi Deep Sea Port project Nigeria @59: There’s hope for Nigeria to emerge among… Ipati farmland: Appeal court rules in favour of Loso… “He tasked them to bring to bear their wealth of experience and ginger the implementation of NEDS as a pathway to unlock all constraints which may have hitherto hindered the inflow of investments into the state in time past,” the statement stated. ALSO READ: Kogi guber: Ohinoyi tasks women to unite against violence, intimidation during election The statement further added that the present administration plans to industrialise the state with basis economic plans and strategies in building enduring systems and business models that will tackle the root causes of poverty in the state. On her part, the UN Deputy Secretary-General commended the governor, noting that Engineer Abdullahi Sule has exhibited futuristic vision and unfettered political will, as well as a modern approach to governance which is in synchronisation with the global clarion call for governments especially in Africa to promote a start-up culture among young Africans. Mohammed said the decision by the governor to focus on industrialising state on the basis of NEDS: is intelligent and timely, and will lead to concrete economic transformation for Nasarawa State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/