INSPIRED by the need to raise the next generation of nuclear energy technology experts in Nigeria, ROSATOM, Russia’s state-run nuclear energy corporation, has invited students and young professionals  across Nigeria to partake in the fifth edition  of its annual online video competition. The competition titled: “Atoms for Africa”, is facilitated by EnerConnect as well as the African Young Generation in Nuclear and South African Young Nuclear Professionals Society. Billed to run up until September 30, 2019, the edition  is devoted towards  supporting interest in nuclear research and capabilities among young Nigerian and  African scientists at large.  Participants are required to research how innovative use of nuclear technologies can assist in achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs) in Africa. Buhari replaces Osinbajo’s economic management team with Salami-led economic advisory council Prospective applicant is expected to make a short video about his findings on the topic and share on Facebook. A two stage judging process will be used to select the winning teams, an independent jury made up of nuclear professionals and experts on sustainability topics will select the top ten videos and the general public will be invited to vote for the best video on the Rosatom Africa Facebook page. Nigeria bleeds as pipeline vandalism continues unabated $17bn NLNG Train 7 project to generate 40,000 jobs —Wabote Seplat Petroleum distances self from AMCON case Train-7 project: NLNG submits compliance requirements to… The award ceremony will take place within two African Nuclear Youth Summits to be held in Johannesburg, South Africa in early October 2019. Competitors who created the top two videos will win an all-expenses paid trip to Russia in November 2019. The trip to Russia for winning teams will include visits to well-known Moscow landmarks, Russia’s state-of-the-art nuclear facilities, top nuclear universities as well as other scientific and technological facilities. The winners will also meet African students currently studying various nuclear disciplines in Russia. Recall, last year, a Nigerian, Ugenyi Igbokwe, was among the finalists, beating other participants from across Africa. Underscoring ROSATOM’s commitment towards nurturing young professionals in the field of Nuclear energy and its other adaptations, Dmitry Shornikov, CEO, ROSATOM Central and Southern Africa said: “One of our key missions at ROSATOM is to assist the brightest young minds from across the globe to work together in solving global challenges that will shape the future of energy and the world as we know it. “This is a great opportunity for young people from very different walks of life who share a common passion to build a bright and sustainable future for Africa to discover more about various nuclear applications and their vast benefits for the region.” The Federal Government of Nigeria had signed an agreement with Russia’s ROSATOM for the construction of nuclear power plants and a nuclear research center in Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!