The premises of the Federal College of Education, Osiele, Abeokuta, Ogun State, will on October 2 experience an unusual atmosphere as the authorities and students of the institution will host eminent  Nigerians including former President Olusegun Obasanjo, music icon, Ebenezer Obey; ace film producer, Tunde Kelani; ex-footballer, Segun Odegbami, among others. R learnt that the institution is planning to honour them with a museum centre as the highpoint of its convocation ceremony. A state-of-the-art edifice with a separate gallery equipped with works of the icons will be unveiled at the occasion. According to the curator of Obey’s gallery, Oludamola Adebowale, his gallery is expected to have 30 archival photographs and a show glass of some of his personal effects, including his clothes, guitar, reading glasses, a display of his 25 best-selling albums, among others. Sammie Okposo, Chioma Jesus, others shine at Switch with… Baba Wande signs multimillion naira deal with Adron Tiger Beer re-launches with ‘Uncage Party’ Six finalists make it to DFA Bootcamp Speaking on the recognition, Obey commended the authorities of the institution over the gesture, adding that he was grateful for the honour and that the development would be an extension of his personal museum which is ongoing. “I was reminded of this development by the representatives of the institution at my last birthday in Idogo, and knowing that it would be historical, especially in a tertiary institution like that, and to the uplift of Ogun, as well as for me and other laudable dignitaries that have contributed immensely in different professions. So, I embraced it, because I realise that it is a good thing in the right direction.” “I am sure that the museum would be of immense benefit and source of inspiration to the students of the school and future generations who would find motivation in my story and journey through life as a musician, an African and an indigene of Ogun State,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/