The music industry is blessed with talented music producers who have taken the industry to new heights with their sound production. One of such men is Sarz, the foremost music producer, who never stops winning. Sarz, who said his interest in music began during his childhood days with the influence of legendary American producer, Timbaland, hinted that he sold his first beat when he was 15 years old and was catapulted into the mainstream music scene after his production for Lord of Ajasa’s ‘See Drama.’ “I think producing ‘Kako bi Chicken’ for Reminisce saw a turning point in his career when the song became one of Africa’s biggest street songs in 2011,” he recalled. The following year, record label giants, EME, chose Beats By Sarz as the producer of their compilation album ‘Empire State Of Mind,’ where he made popular hits: ‘Get Down Tonight’, ‘Ko Mo Le’, ‘Dance For Me’ and ‘My Baby.’ But that for him was the beginning of his winning days. Speaking with R on how his career took a new twist In 2010, Sarz said he produced the hit single ‘Jor Oh’ along with its remix for artiste, Jahbless, which featured Durella, RuggedMan, Reminisce, Ice Prince and eLDee. “The song won ‘Best Street Hop’ award and was nominated for ‘Best Collaboration’ at The Headies,” he said. EFCC arrests two suspected internet fraudsters wanted by FBI BREAKING: IG orders immediate arrest of Shi’ite leaders… JUST IN: Action Alliance National Chairman not kidnapped, he… Ebonyi recovers N60m from state, LG ghost workers In 2011, he went on to produce Shank’s ‘Salute’, eLDee’s ‘Today Today’ and ‘Wash Wash’, Skales ‘Mukulu’, Goldie Harvey’s ‘Don’t Touch My Body’ and Reminisce’s ‘Kako Bi Chicken.’ “I was nominated for Nigeria Entertainment Awards 2012 ‘Producer Of The Year’ award alongside Don Jazzy. Although Don Jazzy won the award, he declined the award and insisted I take it,” he added. Sarz would later win the ‘Best New Producer’ award at the 2012 Dynamix Awards. He went on to release his first single ‘Beat Of Life (Samba)’ featuring Nigerian artiste, Wizkid. Sarz’s unique way of beat making has allowed him to work with some of the most accomplished musicians in the world including Drake, Banky W, Chris Brown, and Beenie Man. Not to be boxed into genre-specific beats, his distinctive methodology of producing has allowed him to break new talent, notably, 19-year-old singer, Flash, with the contemporary dance infused Afropop song “Get Up”. “The music industry is yet to see what we I have been working on. I am certain that before the end of the year, new projects will be unleashed and people would appreciate the good works,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...