The choice of a popular transporter and union leader, Alhaji Musiliu Akinsanya, MC Oluomo, as a special guest at an event being organised by University of Lagos (UNILAG), stirred up controversies on the microblogging site, Twitter, on Wednesday. That MC Oluomo, the chairman, National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), Lagos State chapter, was named among other notable speakers and guests at an event holding in an academic institution, became the bone of contention, as Twitter users took sides, either with MC Oluomo or the event organisers, UNILAG, while others who stood as the umpires, simply mock both sides debating over the issue. ALSO READ: Kogi guber: PDP cautions INEC, Bello against violence, manipulation Some who passed comments criticised the organisers of the event, as being irrational and complicated in their choice of MC Oluomo as one of the special guests. This decision to bring in MC Oluomo, who, a transporter and leader of a union perceived to be populated by members who are not learned in bookish facts, became an issue that was debated almost endlessly. As a faction opposing the choice of MC Oluomo considered the place of honour given him in a front seat at the event to be abnormal, but concluded that the organisers might just want to milk from him, others felt otherwise, contending that he is relevant to the subject of discussion at the event, being a programme meant to reflect on transportation issues. Here are some of the tweets from the irate Nigerians: They are prepping you people for MC Oluomo as Governor in 2027 & you people are complaining. You think he is an illiterate, Has he shown you his Affidavit? Get used to seeing his Face because you will keep seeing it dears — King N●-N●  (@Zaddy_nomso) September 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Yemi-Esan assumes duty as Acting Head of Service PDP: House Minority leader tears BoT apart Confluence Rice Mill: Attestation of Gov Bello’s desired… Free Sowore protest hits Nigerian Mission in New York MC Oluomo is being positioned for Lagos State Governor. There’s a PR machinery building a new image of him. The other time was the pictures with a governor of an American state at some award with his son. Recently many posters around Lagos thanking NURTW for their support. https://t.co/8IqY4HZkU3 — iNk (@nwaoma007) September 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js University of Lagos inviting a thug, MC Oluomo as a guest speaker & people are saying its cos he is knowledgeable. On what? No wonder we call on past leaders who have looted & destroyed this country before to still lead us now cos a person’s image isn’t relevant in Nigeria. pic.twitter.com/eyAtS1nHVs —  OLUWAFIFUNMI  #BBNaija (@FifunmiRexx) September 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js So MC Oluomo is a “Special Guest” at a university event. As @EuginhoCortez likes to say, we will surely reap the outcomes we are currently sowing. What this clearly tells kids is that thuggery and anti-intellectualism are to be rewarded with high status in Nigeria. Well done https://t.co/hErTK8me85 — David Hundeyin (@DavidHundeyin) September 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js I don’t know why you people are angry at MC Oluomo being invited as a guest speaker at the university of Lagos o. What did you expect in a country that a certificateless man like @MBuhari is a president? Anything goes here guys, be calm abeg. — Benny Umoren (@BennyUmoren) September 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js I don’t know why you people are angry at MC Oluomo being invited as a guest speaker at the university of Lagos o. What did you expect in a country that a certificateless man like @MBuhari is a president? Anything goes here guys, be calm abeg. — Benny Umoren (@BennyUmoren) September 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!