A Magistrate Court, sitting in Osogbo, on Wednesday ordered that a 28-year old man, identified as Ajayi Sanya be remanded in prison custody for alleged murder. The accused person was docked on a 2-count charge bothering on reckless driving and murder. The Police prosecutor, Inspector Akintunde Jacob informed the court that the accused person committed the offence on the 16th of September, 2019 at Olaiya junction, in Osogbo. He further explained that the accused person rode an unregistered Bajaj boxer motorcycle in a manner which was dangerous to the public, having no regard to the circumstances of the road and to the volume of the traffic which might reasonably be on the highway. Man hacked to death over alleged eyeing of married woman in… Ibadan court remands man accused of cell phone theft Police arrest absconded Army corporal with marijuana in… Police arraign tenant for allegedly biting landlady ALSO READ:  Singer Teni-entertainer makes acting debut in ‘Dear Affy’ Akintunde said the reckless riding of the motorcycle by the accused led to the death of one 59-year-old man, Awojoodu Fatai Segun. According to him, the offence committed by the accused person contravened sections 18(1) and of RTA Cap 146 Law of Osun of Nigeria and section 27 of RTA cap. 548 volume 6 law of Federation. Counsel to the accused person, Barrister R.A Ugu pleaded with the court to temper justice with mercy. However,  the presiding Magistrate, Taofeek Badmus ordered that the accused person be remanded in prison and the case was adjourned to 2nd of October, 2019 for mention. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/