A Federal High Court sitting in Kano has ordered the Chairman Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), Mr Babatunde Fowler, to appear before it on October 7 and show cause why he should not be sacked for overstaying his tenure which expired on August 18. The judge of the High Court, Justice Lewis Allagoa, after hearing a plaintiff’s counsel on September 23, also ordered that the defendant should be served in Abuja and filed their defence within five days. In court documents obtained by an online news agency, PRNigeria, with suit No FHC/KN/CS/141/2019, the FIRS boss was dragged to court over his continued stay in office after the expiration of tenure. The plaintiff, Mr Stanley Okwara, in a suit filed on September 18, and obtained on Saturday, also joined the Attorney General of the Federation as the second defendant. In the originating summon, the two defendants were given 30 days to explain why  Fowler, who was appointed on August 20, 2015, has not ceased to hold office as the chairman of FIRS after August 20, 2019 in accordance with the  “decision of the Supreme Court…and having regard to the combined provisions of Section 3(2) (a), Section 4(a) and Section 11 (a) of the act establishing the agency. Gunmen kill 24-year-old health science student in Kogi Tragic weekend in Ondo Truck kills eight-year-old boy… Death toll in yellow fever outbreak rises to 16 in Bauchi as… Gunmen kill 8 in Niger The plaintiffs also sought to know whether the continuous stay of Fowler in the office “is not illegal in view of the decision of the Supreme Court in Ogbuinyinya & Ors. vs. Obi Okudo & Ors. (1979) All N.L.R. 105 and having regard to the combined provisions of sections of the FIRS [Establishment] Act, 2007. In the same vein, Okwara in the suit filed through Johnmary C. Jideobi, sought other reliefs including:  “A declaration that the first defendant has ceased to hold office as the Chairman of the Federal Inland Revenue Service after the 20th of August, 2019” and that his continuous stay in the office  is illegal. He further sought “an order barring the first defendant from further holding himself out as, laying claim to or exercising the powers and functions of, the Executive Chairman of Federal Inland Revenue Service unless he is re-appointed by the president of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “An order directing the first defendant to return forthwith to the Treasury Single Account of the Federation all the salaries, emoluments and such other monetary benefits he has been drawing on the purse of the Federal Inland Revenue Service and file an affidavit of compliance within 14 days after the delivery of judgment in this suit.” The Plaintiff also asked that Fowler be caused ordered to obey any other decision that the Court may deem fit to make in the entire circumstances of the case.   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/