A non-governmental organization in Kwara state, Gobir Organization Foundation, has flagged off the disbursement of interest-free loans to indigent women and widows in the area, in line with its laid down vision and mission. Speaking during the programme in Ilorin at the weekend, founder of the organization, who is also the Waziri Kasar Hausa; Alhaji Yakubu Gobir, said that the aim of the foundation amongst other things is to alleviate poverty, which he said had become a major issue of concern in both the state and the nation. He said that the effort was also to empower the women folk; often recognised as the most vulnerable in our society today, hoping that the empowerment programme would bring relief and succour to every beneficiary. “The fund is set aside to provide easy access to interest-free micro loans to indigenes of Asa, Ilorin East, Ilorin West and Ilorin South Local Government Areas with the aim of providing Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) with capital for growth”, he said. Alhaji Gobir, who urged beneficiaries not to abuse the privilege given to them, said that the money should be invested in businesses and not on personal wants. Tribunal nullifies PDP lawmaker’s election in Oyo,… Tribunal dismisses three petitions, affirms Ihedioha’s… We’ll make Nigeria’s GDP largest in Sub-Saharan… Fire guts WHO storage facility in Osogbo ALSO READ: Nigeria bound to succeed — Osinbajo He said that the funds are not from government but a collaboration with Zenith Bank, adding that it should be well utilized. He also said that the money disbursed at the programme ranged between N10,000 and N50,000depending on the assessment of needs of beneficiaries, adding that training on basic financial intelligence and entrepreneurship was given to beneficiaries. Waziri Gobir, a social entrepreneur, said that government alone cannot provide jobs to all hence the need for well-meaning individuals/organizations to come to the aid of the less privileged in the state. Beneficiaries, who were elated and appreciative, prayed for Allah’s protection and blessings on the founder and his household. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!