As part of its relentless effort to meaningfully engage the youths, women, existing farmers and local communities in the state, the Ogun State government is launching an Anchor Borrowers Programme which will empower 40,000 farmers with 10,000 in the first phase. The goal of the programme is to attract as many people as possible into profitable agriculture and lower the age of farmers in the state. Youths, women, existing farmers in the state, local communities and private owners with land to donate as well as industry aggregators and end users (Anchors)- looking for raw agricultural produce in large quantities that can sign off-takers’ agreements- are going to be the major players in the programme. The programme will provide all inputs, services, support and training required for farmers through a single-digit loan and a guaranteed off-taker for assured market. Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, while playing host to senior media executives recently, said that the Anchor Borrowers’ Programme is targeted at improving access to finance for those in the agricultural sector and also ensure that industries have easy access to raw materials while guaranteeing steady market for farmers. He said his administration is fully committed to providing an environment that would ensure a better life for the people of the state, adding that under his leadership, the state would ensure the development of all sectors of the economy of which agriculture is an integral part. Governor Abiodun stated that his government appreciates the immense potential of the agricultural sector. “The target of our administration is to produce enough food to attain self-sufficiency in food security in the shortterm, and over the long term produce enough food for other states and for export. “Providence has blessed us with favourable climate and fertile soil for agriculture. We sit on a land mass that is over 16,000 square meters, 80 per cent of which is arable; that is we have 12,800 square meters of arable land.” Prince Abiodun said government and the people should therefore come together to chart a way forward for the development of agriculture in the state. Kogi govt to empower farmers, screen 3000, women, youths CBN, BOA urged to relax use of  land as agric loan… NAQS laments insufficient funding, manpower Don canvasses support to grow apples in Nigeria He further assured that the Anchor Borrowers’ Programme would go a long way in meaningfully engaging youths as it would drastically reduce unemployment and acts of criminality. The governor  disclosed that the Anchor Borrowers’ Programme is an opportunity for job seekers to get into agriculture. “With the help of Ogun State, job seekers who are interested in agriculture can get all they need to start agriculture. They get land, finance, inputs, training and stipend as well as a steady market for their farm produce. They are also free to select from various agriculture value chains which include: cassava, maize, rice, cattle, poultry and fishery. “The wait for an opportunity is over. All you need to do is go to jobs.ogunstate.gov.ng, register as an individual and select the anchor borrowers application. There is no fee, no payment for this programme. It is absolutely free,” he explained. Special Adviser to the Governor on Agriculture,  Dr Adetunji Oredipe, explained that for experienced farmers and cooperatives, Ogun State Anchor Borrowers Programme is an opportunity to get the much-needed financing they have been looking for in agriculture. Oredipe said an experienced farmer who has a parcel of land and only needs finances to boost production can get land clearing services, finance, inputs, training, and labour costs as well as a steady market for his farm produce. He added that what the communities willing to key into the programme stand to get are community-driven development projects to provide livelihoods for those in the community through agriculture. The state government has therefore requested all communities interested in the programme to make their lands available. The land will be cleared by the state for farming activities by community members and the state government will prepare one hectare for each farmer from each community. After the five-year partnership, the land will be given back to the owners for their personal use with much needed infrastructure. Also, members of the community can also benefit from the Anchor Borrowers’ Programme financing for development of one hectare of land in various value chains, including cassava, maize, rice, cattle, poultry and fishery. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...