Hon Ajibola Muraina, The member representing Ibarrapa Central /North Federal Constituency of Oyo State   in the House of Representatives,  on Thursday urged all the 360 members of the House of Representatives and Senators at the Red Chamber of the National Assembly to support the cabin crew of Air Peace who worked assiduously towards the evacuation of victims of xenophobic attacks who returned from South Africa with minimum donation of N100,000. Hon Muraina who gave the charge at a press briefing held in Abuja, also commended the exemplary leadership demonstrated by the Chairman/CEO of Air Peace, Chief Allen Onyeama who airlifted over 500 Nigerians from South Africa free of charge. The lawmaker who expressed delight over Chief Onyeama’s gesture, tasked members of the House of Representatives and other spirited Nigerians to emulate the kind gesture. According to him, “let us see this clarion call on all Nigerians of financial and other capacities all over the world to be selfless and be willing and ready at all times to assist our fellow countrymen on whatever is happening to them anywhere in the world “As a people, from this moment onwards, let us erase from our kinds the idea that whatever problems are facing Nigerians all over the world should be left for the government alone to solve “I am also using this occasion to congratulate and appreciate my noble colleagues in Parliament (Reps and Senate and even State Assemblies and Local Government Councils) for their exemplary demonstration of patriotism which culminated in the invitation of Chief Onyeama to parliament to appreciate him at plenary. ALSO READ: Ibadan flood aftermath: Oyo govt set to move against structures without building plans “They know what to do and they did so well that they have even recommended Chief Onyeama for a national award Gbajabiamila seeks Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation’s… Yemi-Esan assumes duty as Acting Head of Service PDP: House Minority leader tears BoT apart Confluence Rice Mill: Attestation of Gov Bello’s desired… “Since the National Assembly has given the lead in appreciating the return of the spirit of selflessness, being our brother’s keepers and exhibiting milk of kindness, I humbly suggest that the National Assembly should demonstrate a further lead by example “I suggest most humbly that the noble colleagues from the National Assembly should consider making token donations from their salaries (whatever amount they deem fit starting from 100,000 naira upward) for the cabin crew of Air Peace that worked and continue to work without taking any allowance, the Nigerians that have been evacuated back to Nigeria and those that may still further be evacuated “This token may be useful for the evacuated Nigerians in whatever form. The cabin crew would also have been appreciated somehow “This may signpost a new beginning of Nigerians demonstrating milk of kindness towards each other. If my colleagues can further lead in this respect, most other Nigerians of means all over the world may join the trail and with the twinkle off an eye what appears to be a very big problem may turn out as blessing not only for the evacuated Nigerians but for all Nigerians all over the world”. This came just as the House of Representatives on Thursday insisted that the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Godfrey Onyema must appear before it on the xenophobic attacks on Nigerians in South Africa inline with the invitation earlier extended to him. Fielding questions with newsmen in Abuja yesterday, the Chairman House Committee on Media and Publicity, Hon Benjamin Kalu said that the honourable option left for the Minister was for him to respect himself and appear before the House failure which he declared that appropriate action would be taken by the Parliament. He, however, hinted that the House was doing everything possible to put and to the disobedience acts by the Minister and his likes in future The Minister had earlier dismissed the claimed by House that he shunned the invitation extended to him. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!