THE organisers of Akwaaba African Travel Market (AfTM), have honoured the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, Ojaja II, with the Africa Travel 100 Global Personalities award. According to a release made available to Travelpulse&MICE by the organizers, “the Ooni of Ife who is the first to be honoured with the prestigious award presented to him at the sidelines of the launch of the Oduduwa Museum at the Brazilian Embassy in Lagos. “The Ooni of Ife, who is the special guest of honour for the forthcoming African Diaspora Tourism conference billed to hold at the 15th Akwaaba African Travel Market, is the custodian of 15 famous festivals among which is the world famous Olojo Festival in October. UPDATE: Buhari wins as Tribunal dismisses Atiku, PDP’s petition “The Africa Travel 100 Awards, now in her 18th year, has recognised over the years, leaders, industry practitioners and government officials who have promoted tourism and improved travel using unique platforms and new information.” NCAC takes cultural fabric promotion to next level Dubai Tourism CEO to lead 22 delegates to Nigeria for AfTM Xenophobic attack: Travel agents, tour operators in West… The Gambia returns to tourism marketing in Lagos, appoints… According to the release, African Tourism Diaspora Conference 2019 is to mark the 400 years of slavery. Slavery is a very sensitive topic that has created an uncomfortable relationship between Africa and its diaspora. The conference is an opportunity to celebrate the merging of Africans, Americans, Caribbeans and the rest of the world during this memorable gathering expected in Lagos. “Africa with 54 countries and a population of 1.2 billion has an unbelievable tourist attraction. The Caribbean and African diaspora have a unique culture, rich heritage and beautiful destinations for tourists, hence the need to connect and combine these wonderful cultures and population, creating a huge global market. “The African diaspora and Africa have the same unique culture, rich heritage and beautiful destinations for tourism and trade, therefore, there is a need to connect and combine these wonderful cultures and population as a market for mutual benefit. “The African Travel 100 Global Personalities award will take place during the 15th AKWAABA African Travel Market at Eko Hotels and Suites, Victoria Island, Lagos, on September 23, 2019. Akwaaba African Travel Market is from September 22 to 24 2019.” AFTM serves as a platform that brings travellers, airlines, hotels, restaurants, tour operators, travel agents, state tourism boards, foreign trade and other tourism sectors together for networking, promotional and business purposes. Now in its 15th year, the AKWAABA events have been successful and have attracted exhibitors from over 25 countries and numerous attendees from around the globe. Some confirmed countries include, Ghana, Benin, Togo, The Gambia, Caribbean tourism organisations, AU CIDO, Nigeria, Botswana, Namibia, Tunisia, Uganda, South Africa, Rwanda, Ethiopia and Sierra Leone. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!