The leadership of Oyo State, Nigerian Union of Teachers (NUT) has joined other stakeholders in the state to commend Governor Seyi Makinde for the giant strides he has recorded in turning the state around within the 100 days of his administration. This was contained in a press release made available to Tribune Online by the union, which was jointly signed by the chairman, Comrade Samson Tojuade Adeoyin and the state secretary, Mr N.M Abdullahi. The union lauded the governor for his well-conceived agenda of transformation, committed to the total repositioning of Oyo State and especially in education, adding that this could not be easily forgotten in the annals of the history of his administration in the state. According to the release, “the prompt payment of salary and pension to both serving and retired teachers of Oyo State, as well as, the total release of monthly salary in funding Teachers’ Pension Board by His Excellency are topical issues that could not imagine over a period of time.” It stated further that the intention in racing the bar of standard of education in Oyo State through the budgetary allocation of 10 per cent to education remained higher ground that had never been broken. Guber race: PDP will reclaim Kogi State ― Wada Makinde, a rare welfarist governor ― Ejiogbe Xenophobic attacks: SERAP seeks $10bn punitive damages… WAEC certificate: Vacate office now, PDP tells Buhari The release noted also that the quick approval of promotion of graduate teachers in primary school to Salary Grade Level (SGL) 15 and intervention projects across the three senatorial districts of the state which some of them are due for commission soon were incredible motivation drive which would not only promote efficiency, commitment and hard work among teachers. ALSO READ: NASS to integrate UN declaration on Universal Health Coverage into legislative agenda — Oloriegbe “The Nigeria Union of teachers will be an ingrate if we fail to appreciate his kind gesture in promoting free, compulsory and qualitative education through prompt release and payment of the overhead cost of the third term examination fees of all primary schools pupils in the state just as pupils who were out of school also be adequately catered. The Better Education Service Delivery for All (BESDA) – A World bank education support financial assistant in collaboration with UBEC and SUBEB would be better re-positioned through this idea of his Excellency,” the release stated. The union congratulated the governor for a successful 100days in office, praying that God would continue to use him to solve its numerous challenges such as prompt payment of 2018 leave grant to primary school teachers which has been paid to other workers in the state. While others include, creation of separate pension for primary school teacher in the state, and their appointment as headmaster general and permanent secretaries/school administration for the TESCOM zonal office, as well as, recruitment of qualified teachers to fill the existing vacancies in schools in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.