Following a threat by Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State to institute legal action against Governor Nyesom Wike over alleged demolition of Mosque in Rivers State, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has described the threat as a political statement and implored Governor Ganduje to live by example. Governor Ganduje of Kano State, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, had vowed to take legal action against the government of Rivers State over alleged demolition of the Rainbow Central Mosque in Trans-Amadi Area of Port Harcourt. Speaking with Tribune Online, Director of legal and Public Affairs, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Samuel Kwamkur said Kano state governor has no locus standing to issue such threat because he is not a religious leader adding that his state is more guilt of persecution of Christians than any part of the country. ALSO READ: Bayelsa PDP primary: Uncertainty over choice of candidate “I am very surprise to hear Governor Ganduje of Kano state talking about illegality. We have chains of report from Christians in Kano of how they suffered persecutions from government, their places of whorships destroyed, also denied right of ownership. Governor Ganduje should tell Nigerians how many places of whorships in Kano has right of occupancy. Yakassai blasts Ezeife over 2023 presidency 3 killed, dozens kidnapped as gunmen waylay 14-seater bus on… Reps Chief Whip Monguno fecilitates with Gov Zulum at 50 N100m concession agreement: Malami moves to avert another… “If we are talking of illegality and persecution of church, it is more in Kano state than any part in this country. He doesn’t have the locus standing to threaten Governor of Rivers State with legal action, that statement is purely political. Our brothers in government in the North should see the need to be tolerant, if tolerant can be done across board, we would not have problem in this country. “Except Governor Ganduje has changed, he is not the right person to issue threat of legal action. He should allow religious leaders to handle the matter, moreso NAREC is working hard on this matter, it has set up committee and sent people to Rivers State to find out actual truth and situation of things” Director Legal and Public Affairs of CAN enjoined both political and religious leaders in the country to understand the circular nature of Nigeria and exhibit tolerance towards one another, adding that those in leadership positions must realise that they are presiding over the christains and Muslims. He enjoined Governor Ganduje to live by example and avoid actions and utterances that could cause disaffection and worsen the existing fragile peace in the country. Said he:”He should live by example so that people will copy him. Let us see how christians in Kano is celebrating how Governor Ganduje is treating them, then Governor Wike will copy from him. We are advising him to stay clear from the issue because he is not a religious leader neither is he owner of the mosque. He has no right to talk about what is happening in other states” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...