The Minister of Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Malam Muhammad Musa Bello has revealed that his administration would, over the next few years, focus a lot of attention on developing the educational, health, water and rural sectors of the territory. These areas, according to him, have the greatest impact on the largest number of FCT residents. Malam Bello, whose message was delivered by the FCT Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu during a Gala Night organised by the China General Chamber of Commerce in Nigeria (CGCCN) in Abuja to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding fathers of the People’s Republic of China, further sought for the cooperation of China, with a view to meeting the set goals. ALSO READ: Police arrest 3 self-acclaimed clerics over alleged rape, fraud “We seek the cooperation and collaboration of the Chinese government and the China General Chamber of Commerce, Nigeria in order for us to meet our objectives in these areas,” he pleaded. FG raises inter-agency task force on N5TRN AMCON debt… Ethiopian PM, Tinubu, win African Democracy Awards African countries set action plan for medicine traceability Don’t allow Ajaokuta steel industry die ― Activist… He, therefore, commended the Chinese Government for the development strategy involving infrastructure development and investments in several countries and international organisations including Nigeria. The minister noted that over the years, the influence of China on the global stage has continued to grow in no small measure to great advancements in the areas of science and technology, ICT, heavy industry, agriculture, construction and above all, international trade. Malam Bello specifically noted that the belt and road initiative which was the Chinese Government’s development strategy involving infrastructure development and investments in several countries would no doubt bridge the investment, technological and economic gaps between developed and developing nations across the world. According to him, this initiative will ultimately create wealth between and within nations and create an overall better standard of living for people around the world; all thanks to the government and people of China. He said in FCT, the bilateral cooperation between the FCT administration and the People’s Republic of China has seen huge developmental strides in the areas of infrastructural development, education, trade and investment. The minister used the occasion to express the administration’s gratitude for the construction and donation of the China Model Primary School in Nyanya and the outstanding construction work on the Abuja light rail project carried out by the CCECC, a Chinese firm and funded in part by the EXIM Bank of China. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!