The Minister of State for Health, Dr Olorunnimbe Mamora has stated that the Federal government’s readiness to partner with individuals and groups to effect an efficient Health Supply Management Chain in the Country. The Minister stated this during a courtesy visit paid him by a team from the USAID Global Health Supply Chain Program-Procurement and Supply Management (GHSC-PSM), Nigeria, led by its Country Director, Mike Egboh in his office at the Federal Secretariat Complex, Abuja. The team had earlier told the Minister of State, that the GHSC-PSM Nigeria, supported by the Global Fund and managed by Chemonics International commenced health procurement and supply management operations in Nigeria in July 2016. ALSO READ: We have no official Twitter account ― DSS Buhari unfolds plans to reverse climate change in Nigeria N90bn election fund: Your allegations against Osinbajo are… Lagos-Ibadan rail: Amaechi berates CCECC for slow pace of… How FG policy on diversification can work ―Oyetola Mr Egboh said so far, the project had assisted the Government to procure, warehouse and distribute HIV, malaria and family planning commodities to over 18,000 facilities as well as provided technical assistance in supply chain operations to the Federal and States Ministries of Health. Mr Egboh said the objective of the project is to improve health outcomes by ensuring uninterrupted supplies of health commodities directly to the health facilities to prevent suffering, save lives and create a brighter future for Nigerians. The Minister of State appreciated the team for the laudable initiative and for identifying challenges in the health supply chain as well as their attempts in redressing the issues. He stated that the program is timely, to further support the efforts of the present Administration in the attainment of its Universal Health Coverage initiative which is to ensure that all Nigerians access quality health services at all times in all places. Dr Mamora expressed the Government’s desire for continuous partnership and collaboration with the organization towards the development, integration and actualization of the Nigerian Health Supply Chain system.  Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!