The Director of Islamic Affairs and Chief Imam, Nigerian Navy, Imam Gidado Miqdad, says the explicit contents from musical videos have done more harm to the youth than the Nollywood acts. Miqdad made the assertion at the recent Foundation for African Cultural Heritage (FACH) 2019 programme at the Afe Babalola Hall, University of Lagos. The FACH programme with the theme, “Responding to the Challenges of Youth, Family and Society: The Millenials Response” has a cross breed of facilitators from all walks of life. The participants for the programme were drawn from among Primary and Secondary School students, undergraduates and the public. Gov Bello congratulates Yemi-Esan, new acting Head of Service The Nigeria News Agency reported that FACH is an NGO that seeks to make the society better through inspirational seminars and empowerment programmes. It seeks to promote the African values and communicate through dealing with human life issues, promotion of family, empowerment of youths and providing medical care for those that are challenged. The discussants and guest speakers included, Professor Funmi Bameke, the Dean of Social Sciences, University of Lagos, a renowned lawyer, Mrs Elizabeth Idigbe and Mrs Adesuwa Onyenokwe, winner, Nigerian Media Merit Award 1994. Others are ace actor turned academician and Head of Department, Theatre Arts and Music, Lagos State University, Professor Sola Fosudo and Mrs Chinelo Ujubuonu, a Mass Communicator and Manager, Myschoolarena. Also in attendance were the wife of popular musician, Naeto C, Nicole Chikwe and Dr Obielumani Ideh among others. What an artiste must know before signing recording contract… Young Nigerian artist, Kareem to meet Taiwanese President Facebook unveils new Portal video chat, TV streaming devices Film training for Nigerian filmmakers Miqdad said that the contents being paraded in the musical video, especially from the hip-hop artists, are endangering the social fabrics of the society and causing more social vices. “The contents from the musical videos are really disturbing. They only portray sex, drugs, addiction, sudden wealth and other social vices. This is not the pattern we want our children follow. “The explicit contents from these videos are far much dangerous to our kids than what they watch in the Nollywood films. Most of the musicians lack characters of being a role model. “It is quite unfortunate that our society now glorifies in such anomalies singing the praises of those corrupt musicians. This will not help the society, but will rather destroy our values. “We need to censor what our children watch on our televisions, we should not let them watch it at all instead of taking pains to explain to them, we must not fail as guardians,” he said. Miqdad also condemned the acts of handing over handsets to the children without proper monitoring and also spoke against preaching on sudden prosperity by clerics. “Parents should not hand over handset to underage without proper monitoring because it can endanger their life. Those handset contains things that can erode the right values in children. “Also, the clerics preaching prosperity are not helping the society because most youths now have a wrong idea about wealth, all what they want is sudden wealth. “Prosperity preaching negates right values because hands are not equal and God that created the hands is well aware of our social status differences. “We need to know that we are all created in different social status and we should not strive to be the other person, anything other than this will cause unhealthy competition for wealth,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!