A 57-year old man identified as Bayo Olowolayemo has allegedly raped a teenager in Ifaki-Ekiti, Ido-Osi local government area of Ekiti State. TribuneOnline gathered that the man was said to have lured the minor into his room and had unlawful carnal knowledge of her. The 8-year old victim was said to be serving an errand assigned by her mother before the man allegedly raped her. The case was reported to the police by the mother of the victim, Mrs Funke Bisi which led to the arrest of the suspect. ALSO READ: Edo govt plans foreign exchange programme for Technical Science teachers FG raises inter-agency task force on N5TRN AMCON debt… Ethiopian PM, Tinubu, win African Democracy Awards African countries set action plan for medicine traceability Don’t allow Ajaokuta steel industry die ― Activist… The case had since been transferred to the State Criminal Investigative Department (CID) for further interrogation. Speaking with TribuneOnline, the Police Public Relations Officer, Ekiti State Command, Caleb Ikechukwu confirmed the arrest and said the man would be charged to court after due investigation. He said the scene of the incident had been visited and the victim taken to the Federal Teaching Hospital Ido Ekiti for medical examination. He said, ” We can confirm the rape case and the suspect has been arrested and transferred to the state headquarters for proper interrogation.  He will be charged to court as soon as possible. “As you know, the wife of the state governor does not joke with the issue relating to rape and we will do everything possible to stop the act in the state.” Ikechukwu promised that the command would continue to do everything possible to bring perpetrators of evil acts to book across the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!