As a new school session gradually approaches, many parents and guardians are making efforts to prepare their wards and finances for the new school year. Students also are eagerly looking forward to going into their new classes – many of them wondering what it would feel like in their new class and what new things they are going to learn. While some schools are carrying out significant maintenance work on their facilities in preparation for the new school term, such as re-painting, constructing additional classroom blocks, renovating or renewing classroom furniture and improving their fading or worn-out school banners or signposts, other schools are advertising vacancies for new staff to join their schools in the new school term. Schoolteachers – a major centre of attention, especially for the school children and their parents, are also preparing for the new school year. While some of them used the holiday period to relax, others busied themselves with summer lessons, while still others used the opportunity to search for better-paying teaching jobs, or schools with better working conditions. Teaching is a noble work with good incentive. It is, indeed, a most vital profession. Teachers lay the essential foundation for a person’s education. However, it has to be admitted that the teaching profession is a demanding one which presents many challenges – from inadequate pay to inferior classroom conditions; from excessive paperwork to oversized classes; from disrespect and violence to a lack of concern on the part of parents/guardians. Being a teacher is not at all easy. It demands a great deal of self-sacrifice. Also, with the declining economy, life has not been easy for many teachers. And poor remuneration has always discouraged people from moving into the teaching profession. Nevertheless, despite the difficulties and drawbacks, many teachers still persevere in their chosen profession. What motivates them? While most teachers are motivated by their love for children, others are influenced by their desire to help less fortunate people. Still, others are encouraged when they see the successes of their students and receive praise and appreciation for their efforts in teaching them. In spite of all the challenges, setbacks and disappointments, many teachers still derive great joy from their work. Revolution, journalists and the rest of us Collapse of governance empowerment Curbing cancerous corruption of nonprofit organisations On Buhari’s new ministers So, what makes a successful teacher? Unless a teacher is convinced of the value of education and is also interested in young people, it is impossible for him or her to become a good, successful, motivated and satisfied teacher. A good teacher instills confidence in those under his tutelage and makes learning a fascinating challenge. A good teacher recognises each student’s potential and knows how to make it blossom and flourish. To get the best out of each child, the teacher must discover what interests or motivates him or her and what makes the child tick, and a dedicated teacher must love children. While so much is expected of the teaching profession though, so often the dedicated educators in our schools receive little public praise for their efforts. Have you, as a student or parent, ever thanked a teacher for the time, effort and interest shown? Or even sent a thank-you note or letter? It is good to note that teachers thrive on commendation too. The government, parents and students should highly esteem them and their services. Daniel Ighakpe, Lagos. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...