The Registrar of West African Examinations Council (WAEC), Dr Iyi Uwadiae, will on September 30, 2019, bow out as registrar to the council after serving in that capacity for seven years. The Edo State-born Nigerian said this on Wednesday in Accra, Ghana, while holding a telecast valedictory interactive conference from the headquarters of WAEC in Ghana with journalists and WAEC officials from Ghana, Gambia and Nigeria. Uwadiae, a mathematician and alumnus of University of Benin, Nigeria, joined WAEC Nigeria in 1985 as an assistant registrar and rose through the ranks to become Head of National Office from where he was appointed as the 12th registrar in 2012 to succeed another Nigerian, Alhaja Mulikat Bello. He, however, refused to mention his successor, saying though already appointed, the person would be officially announced later. Speaking further, Uwadiae said even though the office is tasking and demanding, he had no regret whatsoever in his entire service life with WAEC. UK parliament suspension not matter for judges ― PM… APC youths demand 40 per cent representation in government FG requires N1.2bn to maintain public stadia annually ―… Trump says he has ordered ‘substantial increase’… ALSO READ: Buhari presides over FEC as NEMA, EFCC, others make presentations According to him, WAEC -unlike government- has a culture of continuity in programmes and projects execution as one project must be completed before embarking on new ones. “And so, we don’t abandon existing projects for a new one and we also work as a team at all levels in WAEC and this culture has been greatly helping the organisation,” he stressed. While listing the completion of 15-year-old headquarters office complex in Ghana, the incorporation of schools and candidates from neighbouring francophone countries like Benin Republic, Burkina Faso, Guinea, and Mali into the conduct of WAEC exams, deployment of advanced technology mechanisms against exam malpractice, introduction of February/March WAEC diet in Nigeria, training collaboration with teachers and school administrators, improved staff welfare and the full adoption of council’s exams by Gambia government as parts of the achievements recorded during his administration, Uwadiae noted that the efforts have really yielded good results. He, however, urged member countries to always meet their financial and technical supports to the council so as to be able to perform better. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!