We will launch 20-year development agenda to save Oyo, Seyi… We will be bullish about implementing our development plans… Mugabe: Adeyeye, Shonibare caution African leaders on… Ekiti youths reject nullification of Senator Adeyeye’s… Elders of Moro local government area of Kwara state have been urged to unite to attract dividends of democracy from the government. Speaking during a solidarity/prayer programme, organized by G13 AA Support Group in support of Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq in Oloru, Moro LGA at the weekend, member representing Lanwa/Ejidongari state constituency in the state House of Assembly, Honourable John Bello, said that the area had been denied development due to disunity among our people. “The elders are not cooperating. They are not speaking in one voice. If more than one person wants to be the leader, they must come together and agree on how to go about it. We have to form a formidable group that will work with the two groups in Moro local government. The problem is lack of unity within the elders in the local government. I have said it that the elders are the one causing all these things. If the elders agree, we the followers will follow them. We have been making effort, but if you meet this one, he will insult you. Those who are not insulting you will not follow what you said. They should please come together and let there be peace in Moro local governments area,” he said. ALSO READ: Buhari must obey court judgement on payment of electricity contractors ― SERAP The lawmaker, who lamented over deplorable conditions of infrastructure in the area, said that most roads in the local government area are not good at all. “If you go to Lanwa now, we have just constructed one bridge, the erosion has destroyed another one again. All these couldn’t have happened if the right thing is put in place before. There is a flood at Ibosadu. I have to see them because if a place have a problem and no quick intervention, people will not have any interest in you or those people will not have interest in your government. Also speaking, two stakeholders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, Prince Sunday Fagbemi and Architect Kale Belgore, representing Governor Abdulrazaq at the event said that there is always strength in unity. “We expect that all hands must be on deck to move Kwara forward in one unity and cooperation of all so that we can be able to excel. Kwarans will be happier for everything the governor has been able to do on road, health, water and others”, they said. In his speech, chairman of G13 AA support group, Alhaji Mahmud Abdulsalam, said that the support group cut across 17 wards in the local government area, adding that the event was aimed to offer prayer to God to grant the governor and his team wisdom to pilot affairs of the state right. He appealed to all sons and daughters of the local government to join the group to move the local and state governments to the next level. He also said that the programme was about progress and development of the area through effective partnership with the political leadership in the state, adding that they were not in competition with any group or leader in the local government area. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!