FOLLOWING Supreme Court dismissed of appeal filed by the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in the 2019 general election, Mr. Labaran Maku against Governor Abdulahi Sule of Nasarawa State, Barr. Abubakar Imam described the judgement as victory for democracy and APC in particular. In a statement issued by the legal adviser to the governor on Wednesday, Barr. Imam said the judgment of the apex court brings to an end the legal battle over the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) declaration and return of Engineer Sule as the duly elected governor of Nasarawa State, having scored the majority of valid and lawful vote cast during the March 9 governorship election. Man hacked to death over alleged eyeing of married woman in… UNGA video: Buhari’s remark was within context ― Presidency More than 1,100 protesters arrested after demonstration in… Bouteflika’s brother sentenced to 15 years in prison ALSO READ: Work to improve security, unemployment, Lawan charges Senate “Let me use this medium to thank our legal team for rising to the occasion. Worthy of thanks and commendations are the All Progressives Congress leadership and our untiring supporters who are always with us during the legal battle from the Election Petition Tribunal in Lafia, to Court of Appeal Makurdi and now the Supreme Court where we got all the judgment in our favour,” said Barrister Imam. It would be recalled that only recently, the election petition tribunal sitting in Lafia, equally dismissed the petition filed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its governorship candidate, Hon. David Ombugadu. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/