Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has charged the newly appointed and sworn in Commissioners in the state to work in tandem with the guidelines of governance, avoid corruption and support his administration in ensuring that the campaign promises made before the election were fulfilled. The Governor gave the charge on Friday during the swearing-in of newly appointed Commissioners held at the Multi-purpose Indoor Sports Hall declaring that his administration will not accept any dereliction of duty from any of them considering that the people of the state have high expectations from the administration. Bala Mohammed while congratulating them warned the new Commissioners to live up to the expectations of their respective offices because according to him anyone found wanting will be shown the way stating that transparency and honesty are expected of them. ALSO READ: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe’s ex-president, dies at 95 He advised the appointees to ensure that they worked harmoniously with their respective Permanent Secretaries who are accounting officers of the various Ministries just as he called on them to avoid rancour and acrimony. Rivers: APC set to put its house in order Xenophobic attacks: Malami makes case for overhauling of… Residents groan as flood disrupts commercial in Warri,… Osun govt tackles Makinde over comments on LAUTECH The Governor further called on the appointees to be fair, just and equitable to all in the performance of their duties in order to be able to meet the yearnings and aspirations of the people of the state warning that anything short of that will not be accepted by the PDP administration. Those sworn in as Commissioners and members of the State Executive Council by the Chief Judge of State, Justice Rabi Talatu Umar represented by Justice Mohammed Sambo are the erstwhile spokesperson of the Governor, Dr Ladan Salihu, Bauchi LG, Prof Adamu Ahmad, Ningi LG, Pharm. Samaila Burga, Tafawa-Balewa LG, Abdulrazak Nuhu  Zaki, Warji LG and  Alh Nura Manu Soro, Ganjuwa LG. Others are Hon Auwal Jatau, Zaki LG, Muhammad Sadiq Dass LG, Abdulkadir Muhd Chika Soro, Alkaleri LG, Hajiya Hajara Gidado who is the only woman and the youngest from Itas/Gadau LG  and Turaki Muhammad Manga, Misau LG. They also include,  Mr Jidauna Tula Mbami, Bogoro LG, Sarki Aliyu Jalam Dambam LG, Umar Abubakar Sade Darazo LG, Dr Aminu Hassan Gamawa LG and Usman Muhammad Giade LG. The rest are: Hon Moddibo Abdulkadir, Jama’are LG, Alhaji Umaru Adamu Katagum LG, Yakubu Bello Kirfi Kirfi LG, Hamisu M Shira Shira LG and Dr Aliyu Tilde from  Toro LG who is a Social critic and public commentator. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...