Concerned by the growing insecurity in the country, the Federal Government has called on state governors to support the efforts of Government and security personnel in combating all forms of crime and criminality in their respective zones. Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola made the call on Wednesday in Abuja when he received the Kaduna State Governor, Malam Nasir el-Rufai who paid him a courtesy visit. He particularly urged the North East and North Western Zones of the country, to emulate the Kaduna State Government’s model of tackling insecurity through the deployment of modern technology. According to him, crime has become complex all around the world over and that can best be tackled through the deployment of modern technology to assist the security personnel deployed to ensure the security of lives and property in the country. “Through the use of modern technology, the menace of banditry, cattle rustling, kidnapping and other vices bedevilling the country will be put behind within the shortest possible time,” he said. The Minister further said that this will influence the development of an effective strategy on a regional basis for curtailing the menace of insecurity and the challenges facing the nation, especially in the North-Western Zone. ALSO READ:  Tribunal judgment: No grudge against anyone ― Bello Ooni to install Adebutu Kensington as new Odole of Oodua Fani-Kayode denies petitioning Sagay committee on Justice… Kogi gov poll : INEC promises hitch-free election Emir of Kano lauds Buhari’s Economic Advisory Council Aregbesola who said that security is the key to effective, meaningful and social interaction, added that the economy of any nation depends on its internal security. While commending the governor for seeking collaboration with the Federal Government in the fight against insecurity, the Minister emphasized that the state of insecurity facing the country in recent times was a national challenge that demands a collective effort to stem, and therefore urged the states to continue to collaborate with the Federal Government in its efforts to provide safety and security to Nigerians. Ogbeni Rauf further commended the Governor for his support to the State Commands of the Security Agencies under the Ministry in Kaduna State through the provision of conducive atmosphere to enable them to contribute effectively towards the protection of lives and property in the state. He assured that President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration is committed to the provision of security to Nigerians, in order to encourage economic development and revitalization of the economy as well as entrench transparency in the system so as to move the country to the next level. Speaking earlier, the Kaduna State Governor, Malam Nasir El-Rufa’i stated that he was in the Ministry to first, congratulate the Minister on his recent appointment and to seek for collaboration on how best to tackle the spate of insecurity in the state. He said that the Federal Government has done creditably well towards restoring security along the Kaduna-Abuja Expressway through the deployment of security personnel from all relevant Ministries, Departments and Agencies that are in charge of ensuring security in the country. Malam El-Rufa’i expressed the State Government’s desire to continue to collaborate with the Ministry of Interior and other security agencies in the fight against insecurity, noting that, Kaduna State Government is willing to give its necessary assistance that will support the security agencies in combating crime and criminality in the state and its environs. The Governor who stated that the state was now safe, compared to the situation in a few months back, commended the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) for its dogged determination to fight against crime, describing it as one of the best security agencies in the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!