Kogi Patriotic Group has raised alarm over the posting of Hajiya Amina Zakari to Kogi by INEC to monitor the November election, stating that this decision has lent credence to Allied Peoples Movement (APM) candidate, Alhaji Yusuf Dantalle’s allegations that results of November election had been written by INEC. The group in a statement issued by its image maker, Abdul Abdul on Sunday, a copy which was made available to newsmen in Lokoja, cautioned INEC not to overheat Kogi polity, by posting President Buhari’s confidant to Kogi to force Governor Yahaya Bello on the people. He said the controversial INEC officer is fond of been used to compromise election exercise, where the ruling party is seen to be losing ground and popularity on any contest. ALSO READ:  Insecurity: Bauchi Police, Fulani leaders meet to stem herders/farmers clashes Polaris Bank commits to climate action, sustainability Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Dignitaries honour Kashamu at mother’s funeral Nigerian youths must engage in vocational skills ― Digital… ‘It is also in the public domain that Mrs Amina Zakari is known for carrying out hatchet electoral job for the ruling APC, under the guise of election monitoring and supervision’ He warned INEC not to deploy Zakari to Kogi as doing that will mean that Kogi Governorship election has been compromised to favour APC and Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State. He assured the people of the state that Kogi election will be closely monitored, to avoid planned rigging by the state and federal government election He said the group is not unaware of the federal and state government plans to militarise the Kogi election, using federal might, security agencies and thuggery to harass innocent voters. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!