Minister of State for Health, Senator Olorunnimbe Mamora, has been charged to ensure he leaves a legacy of playing a big role in making quality healthcare and facilities more affordable and accessible to millions of Nigerians presently grappling with health issues in the country. The Chairman, Board of Management of May Clinic Ltd., Lagos, Mrs E.O. Aworinde, gave the charge in a congratulatory message to the minister, copy of which was made available to newsmen. Aworinde said Mamora should do this by charting and creating new modern and worldly acceptable pathways to the myriads of challenges confronting the nation’s health sector, even as she noted that his appointment did not come to the management and staff of the clinic as a surprise given his antecedents and past contributions to the growth and developments of the country. ALSO READ: Police recover kidnapped Ondo varsity lecturer’s official car UPDATE: Sanwo-Olu condemns attack on Shoprite, says 5000… Yellow fever outbreak: Ebonyi govt commences massive… BREAKING: Over 500 Muslim pilgrims escape death as aircraft… Tribunal: Omo-Agege thanks constituents, says petition a… Mamora had served as Senior Medical Officer at May Clinics Ltd,  before becoming a 2-time Speaker, Lagos State House Assembly and later a senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “We will be praying for your success as we know you will succeed just as we equally look forward to your immense and invaluable contributions towards charting and creating new modern and worldly acceptable pathways to the myriads of challenges confronting the nation’s health sector. “We trust our good Lord to give you insights and divine directions to face the huge responsibility ahead so that during your time, it will be said of the big role you played in making quality healthcare and facilities more affordable and accessible to millions of Nigerians presently grappling with health issues,” the statement said. While felicitating with the minister on his appointment, Aworinde expressed happiness that the clinic  had been part of “this your wonderful trajectory to world acclaims having recognised early your imbued passion for first-class performance and love for humanity.” “On this very unique occasion, we hope, along with many other fellow countrymen and women that you will further bring to bear the same passion, zeal and enthusiasm for excellence which have always been your hallmarks anytime the nation and responsibilities beckon,” Mrs Aworinde said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...