The Kano State House of Assembly has urged the State Governor, Abdullahi Ganduje, to assist the people of the three communities in Ungoggo Local Government Area affected by erosion, saying the affected residents of the area cannot move about easily because most of the streets linking them together have been damaged. According to a motion presented to the Assembly by Alhaji Aminu Sa’adu, he said the collapse of some schools occasioned by the erosion have affected several pupils in the areas, as they could not go to school, adding that this could pose a serious threat to education in the state. He further disclosed that the erosion, which affected Zangon Marikita, Gayawa and Dankunkuru communities, has destroyed many houses, schools and business premises in the communities. ALSO READ:  LG poll: Don’t give us candidates with questionable characters, EKSIEC tells political parties FG raises inter-agency task force on N5TRN AMCON debt… Ethiopian PM, Tinubu, win African Democracy Awards African countries set action plan for medicine traceability Don’t allow Ajaokuta steel industry die ― Activist… He said, “it has become necessary for me to notify the Assembly on the need to call on the governor to rescue our communities because the erosion has crippled so many businesses. “This has become a great challenge to the economy of the area and the state in general,” he said. “We call on the state government to urgently look into the situation to enable the people of the areas to enjoy dividends of democracy,” the lawmaker said. However, the Assembly presided over by the Speaker, Alhaji Abdulazeez Garba-Gafasa unanimously adopted the motion and called on the state government to rescue the people of the affected communities. The lawmakers also charged the government to construct the road linking Zawachiki Housing Estate, Samegu, Danbare to Gwarzo road, in Kumbotso Local Government area. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!