When most kings ascend the throne of their forefathers, they resolve not to cause ripples in the waters for fear they could trigger a wave that might capsize the boat of their fledgling reign. In other words, they see but seldom talk; talk but seldom walk. It is only a wise king that knows that a crown of gold is useless if the people do not respect its wearer. Image makers have vested interests in manufacturing publicity for their principals. After all, relevance is the name of the game. Thus, even unsavoury episodes are touted as good publicity, so long as the name stays on the lips of the general public, for good or ill. Defending the present administration is herculean because even the blind can see the handwriting on the wall. The Next Level anthem will make an excellent material for a Nollywood blockbuster. You may be forgiven if your first impression about the “Next Level mantra” was paradise on earth. It is a systematic and well thought- out agenda oxygenated to impoverish the masses and turn them into robots. It is, therefore, a no-brainer that things are transforming from bad to worse. The claim by the Federal Government of Nigeria that shutting the borders has frustrated smuggling is a welcome development but should not be an excuse to injure innocent Nigerians. The failure of the current government should not be excused on the masses. Nigerians should not be punished because of poor and compromised border security as the development has triggered over inflation, closing of border should be holistic; not closing the South and leaving the North because of predetermined agenda with adequate provisions made to cushion the effect. Ensuring our judiciary works On menstrual health hygiene Viable alternative to curbing air pollution Debut of Nigerian People’s Liberation Front There is a common defect among policy analysts and decision makers of the Federal Government. This gap has to be closed. The revised 7.5 per cent Value Added Tax, CBN cashless policy and the composition of the Economic Advisory Council are all economic catalysts but adequate palliative provisions ought to be made to cushion the resultant effect on the poor masses. For an administration that elevates politics over policy, implementation is her greatest undoing because of vested interests. What is the assurance that the advice of the newly formed Economic Council will be carried out by the president when he is surrounded by a strong cabal? Maybe, the composition is a mere cosmetics aimed at dousing the lamentation of Nigerians? It is unfair to talk about VAT increase when N30, 000 minimum wage implementation is yet to see the light of day. In a nation where there are countless numbers of out-of-school children and many live below one dollar per day, imposing unnecessary tax increase is most unfortunate. The CBN forex restrictions on some imported products should be extended to foreign education and medical trips abroad in order to use the Nigerian content initiative to fix local hospitals and public schools and make them attractive so that those who cannot afford (medical or educational) trips abroad can also enjoy good healthcare and sound education in a country they are joint heirs to. Perhaps, this is one of the reasons why some sister-nations do not value Nigeria and her citizens despite being the giant of Africa.  Ikechukwu Agada, Lagos Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!