The Kano State Government says over N600 million has been spent on ongoing joint tuition-free postgraduate scholarship, between it and the French Embassy in Nigeria. Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje disclosed this on Tuesday in Kano while presenting travelling documents to the 4th batch of beneficiaries of the programme, selected from the state’s tertiary institutions. Ganduje said that the fourth batch of beneficiaries included lecturers, as the scheme was also meant to enhance the capacity of lecturers in the state-owned tertiary institutions. Ganduje, represented by his deputy, Dr Nasiru Gawuna, said that the administration was spending a lot of resources to ensure that it’s serving lecturers get the best of training required to improve their performance. ALSO READ: FG confirms release of N738bn to NDDC “Under this programme, a lot of money has been spent based on 60 per cent /40 per cent agreement, where French Government pays 60 per cent, Kano Government takes 40 per cent to ensure that our lecturers from tertiary institutions get the best training. “So far, with this batch, by the time everything is been paid, over N600 million has been spent on the programme, “he said. Rivers Rep warns SPDC to stop illegal activities in… My victory at tribunal, renewed hope for common man —… Imo West Tribunal judgement, temporary set back — Reps… Buhari, APC turned me to a social leper in South East ―… Ganduje said under the programme, all the candidates were admitted into top-ranking universities in France and some European countries. “This will certainly benefit the state in a couple of years,” he said. He commended the heads of the various tertiary institutions for their commitment toward ensuring that education and other development activities in the state were given all the necessary attention and fairness. The governor urged beneficiaries of the scholarship to be good ambassadors of the state and Nigeria. Earlier, the Vice-Chancellor, Kano University of Technology, Prof. Shehu Musa, said that the beneficiaries were selected based on merit. “So far, the first, second and third sets of the students sent from Kano have made the state proud,” he said. He thanked the governor for supporting the programme and identifying with tertiary institutions in Kano, assuring that they would continue to remain grateful to his administration. Speaking on behalf of the beneficiaries, Mustapha Sani Musa from the Kano University of Technology, promised to represent the state and perform excellently in their courses. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!