The Federal government is soliciting for the support of the United Nations Education, Scientific and Culture Organization (UNESCO) in the area of women empowerment especially in Information and Communication Technology (ICT) and vocational skills. Speaking in Abuja on Monday while receiving a delegation from UNESCO, the Minister of State for Industry, Trade and Investment, Ambassador Mariam Katagum urged UNESCO to also see the empowerment of women in the country in skill acquisition as an important aspect of education. According to a statement made available by Haruna Ibrahim, a Deputy Director in the ministry, Katagum said she took her recent appointment with the utmost responsibility to see that women are empowered so that they would be part of decision making process in the country. ALSO READ:PDP sets up Bayelsa governorship primary reconciliation committee The Minister noted that her “working experience while in UNESCO would be brought into her new job towards ensuring that Artificial Intelligence (IT) and Culture, is harnessed in creating jobs for Nigerian women and youths.” In his address, the Director, UNESCO Regional Office in Abuja, Mr Yao Ydo, congratulated the Minister on her new appointment, saying UNESCO was proud of her new post. Taraba crisis: CAN chairman predicts food crisis Dethroned Emir emerges PDP deputy chairman in Zamfara Dissolution: OYSIEC members drag Makinde to court Oyo guber: APC expresses dismay at tribunal’s ruling He, however, noted that her absence from UNESCO would be felt and her departure had already created a big vacuum difficult to be replaced. Mr Ydo stated that the Minister would be a worthy Ambassador of the UN Agency, emphasizing that while serving at UNESCO, she helped to promote not only Nigeria but also defended the interest of African Continent at that time. “She was one of the best representatives of the African Ambassadors at the UN Agencies,” He said. He encouraged her to ensure the development of the creative industry through a culture that will bring about job creation, with the assurance of UNESCO’s support that will bring about economic growth and development. He urged the Ministry to harness the culture of the creative industry which he described as another area for job creation saying, an area not much explored in Africa. It would be recalled that Amb Mariam Yalwaji Katagum served in UNESCO for over 10 years before her present appointment as a Minister representing Bauchi State in the present administration. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!