THE National President, Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG ), Comrade Williams Akporeha has disclosed that the coming on board of Dangote refinery in 2020 can never be a threat or weaken the position of the union in the oil and gas sector. He made this known during an interview with newsmen before the commencement of 4th Quadrennial Delegate Conference of Independent Marketers’ Branch (IMB) of NUPENG in Abuja. Comrade Akporeha, who said NUPENG was known for fighting for the right of common-man and would continue to be the voice for the voiceless, insisted that the union would continue to play a pivotal role in the industry. He, however, believed that the refinery would be a blessing to Nigeria and open up employment opportunities to teeming Nigerians. According to him: “Dangote refinery coming on board or coming to the industry is a welcome development because it will further open up the industry. It will provide more jobs and opportunities for Nigerians, it can never weaken the position of NUPENG.” Yakassai blasts Ezeife over 2023 presidency 3 killed, dozens kidnapped as gunmen waylay 14-seater bus on… Reps Chief Whip Monguno fecilitates with Gov Zulum at 50 N100m concession agreement: Malami moves to avert another… On deregulation, the president said the union was open up to deregulation as it would expand the industry and create more jobs. “We are in support of anything that would be of great benefits to the people,” he added. ALSO READ: Shi’ites condemn clampdown order on members by Police He, therefore, charged the newly elected executives to be up and doing, ensure that solidarity be their watchword, protection of their workers’ right and welfare in their various branches. In his acceptance speech, the elected branch Chairman of IMB of NUPENG, Comrade Oluleye Olayemi Elisha promised, on behalf of other executives, to take the branch to an enviable level. He promised not to compromise the totality of wellbeing of all members, and as well the administration would not condone any act of indiscipline from the serving officers at all strata and members in general. “With the support of the National Executives Council of NUPENG and PTD leadership, we shall re-build the image of the branch among the branches in NUPENG and the general public at large. Through this, the branch would regain her lost glory and we would occupy our rightful position within the shortest period of time,” he assured. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...