For Abuja–based singer and author, Pastor Ifeoma Eze, who has authored over 71 books and released about eight albums, getting to the top of her career could not have come easy for her but through sheer hard work and dedication, the journey has been quite smooth. From the days she started releasing albums and writing books, Eze while speaking with newsmen at the birthday celebration of her husband, Bishop Okwudili Eze, said no job would come easy as nothing good comes with ease, adding that she has always known what she would become and worked towards achieving her task. Speaking on she has managed to combine her music career, writing books and being wife, Eze, who is also a marriage counsellor said that she imbibed certain attributes from her parents who laid good marital legacy for her. Wizkid to headline BBC Radio 1Xtra Live Singer Teni-entertainer makes acting debut in ‘Dear Affy’ Tiwa Savage speaks with Billboard on Beyoncé’s ‘Lion King’… Nigerian Breweries to support Olojo Festival in Ile-Ife ALSO READ:  Ladoja has contributed to development of Oyo State ― Ayorinde According to her, some of the lessons she learnt from her parents helped her to manage her home and career very well without a clash, adding that being a woman who is blessed with the ability to do contribute meaningfully to the development of others made her happy. With eight musical albums to her credit, the marriage expert maintained that “a lot of people go into the journey of marriage but failed to settle down and build a home that has the capacity to stand the test of time.” She added that “time has its own tests; the test for survival, the test for motive, the test for quality and with the passage of time. Women can do more by being submissive to their husbands and still build a lasting career for themselves,” she said. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/