An Iyaganku Grade ‘A’ Customary Court on Wednesday remanded one Ridwan Waheed in Agodi Correctional Centre for stealing a cell phone. Ridwan of Maku Compound, Oopoyeosa, Ibadan, was arraigned on a two-count charge of conspiracy and stealing. The Prosecutor, Sgt. Kola Olaiya told the court that Ridwan and another person at large conspired to commit the offence. ALSO READ: Buhari transmits 3-year fiscal plan to National Assembly Olaiya said Ridwan stole one Spark 2 Techno cell phone valued at N42, 000, a property of one Kingsley Ohunene. He said: “The offence was committed on Sept. 21 at about 7:30 pm in Salvation Army area, Ibadan, and reported at Mokola Police Station by 8: 40pm. Man hacked to death over alleged eyeing of married woman in… UNGA video: Buhari’s remark was within context ― Presidency More than 1,100 protesters arrested after demonstration in… Bouteflika’s brother sentenced to 15 years in prison “On the fateful day, the complainant was driving his vehicle when Ridwan and his cohort crossed his vehicle with a motorcycle and told him his tyre had been deflated ” In the process of checking his vehicle tyre, Ridwan dipped his hands in Kingsley vehicle and stole his phone. “The defendant was apprehended and handed over to the police.” The prosecutor said the offence contravened Sections 516 and 390 (9) of the Criminal Code Cap 38, Vol. II Laws of Oyo State, 2000. The President of the court, Mrs R.B Gbadamosi, remanded Ridwan in Agodi Correctional Centre after he pleaded guilty to the charge of stealing. Gbadamosi adjourned the case till Thursday for further hearing. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/