A group of transporters in Lagelu local government area, Oyo state has berated a lawmaker representing Lagelu state constituency, Honourable Akintunde Olajide popularly known as AKT over his reaction to a recent allegation levelled against him. The group had recently accused Olajide of moving around motor parks in the company of hoodlums to intimidate drivers who go about their daily duties. But in a swift reaction, Olajide, denied the allegation describing those behind the allegation as ignorant of his antecedents, noting that he had never engaged hoodlums throughout his political career or invade motor parks to intimidate drivers or park operators. However, in a new statement by the group also signed by Mr Bayo Kareem, the group slammed Olajide, saying he was just putting up the defence to cover his misdeeds. They alleged that Olajide is the one giving support to one Sesan Ogundele a.k.a Olorunesan, who was installed as chairman of NURTW in Lagelu Local Government by the former chairman of the union in the state, Alhaji Mukaila Lamidi a.k.a Auxiliary. The group stated that Ogundele a.k.a Olorunesan and his cohorts with the backing of Olajide have printed motor park receipts which are totally different from the ones Lagelu Local Government authority usually issue to motor park drivers and riders to issue to unsuspecting motorists despite the fact that the state government is yet to lift the ban on the activities of NURTW in the state. This prompted the group to report to the police and a series of arrest have been made. Polaris Bank commits to climate action, sustainability Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Dignitaries honour Kashamu at mother’s funeral Nigerian youths must engage in vocational skills ― Digital… ALSO READ:  Abducted ASUP officials regain freedom after 72 hours in captivity “We challenge Olajide to come out and address a press conference and deny this allegation publicly. The good people of Lagelu local government can attest to this allegation. The group further alleged that Olajide recently led some group of hoodlums to attack the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) leader in the local government, Chief Oribayo Okeyode, who has served in various political offices even before Olajide joined politics. “It is in the light of the above that we call on the governor Of Oyo State, Mr Seyi Makinde and the Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Honourable Debo Ogundoyin to call to order Honourable Akintunde Olajide, to desist from these acts capable of breaching public peace.” While reacting to the fresh allegations, Honourable Olajide Akintunde, told Tribune Online in an interview that there was never a time that he led a group of hoodlums to attack Chief Oribayo Okeyode, who he described as one the party leaders he holds in high esteem. He further stated that “I have never had any collaboration with any member of NURTW. And even, there is nothing like NURTW in Oyo state as we speak because the ban placed on the activities of the union is yet to be lifted. “The group calling themselves members of NURTW are doing something that is against the proscription by the government. Nobody should even parade himself as a member of the NURTW until the ban is lifted. “I must say at this point in time that all these allegations are targeted at putting my name into disrepute and I know where this is coming from. I challenge them to come up with proofs to back their allegations.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!