In a determination to improving the state healthcare delivery system, Gombe State Government has entered into a partnership with a United States-based healthcare service organization, Project C.U.R.E. In that regard, Officials of Project C.U.R.E, which specialises in the provision of medical equipment are currently in Gombe at the instance of the State Government,  for one week needs assessment exercise across the Eleven Local Government Areas. While declaring the Needs Assessment exercise open, Gombe State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya, vowed to keep his words of repositioning the Health sector and improving the system as encapsulated in his manifestos. The Governor who was represented by his Deputy, Dr Manassah Daniel Jatau said that the needs assessment becomes necessary to enable the visiting international health officials to ascertain the equipment and facilities needed for improved services in the state’s health institutions. He also said that his administration is committed to ensuring that the collaboration works for the benefit of the citizenry and betterment of society. Naturopathic med­ical expert lauds WHO over traditional… Breastfeeding protects against diabetes in children —Expert Buhari’s wife launches initiative to improve maternal,… Why I succeeded at the health ministry —Prof Lambo ALSO READ: P&ID: FG delegation in London lobbies to nullify $9.6bn award Earlier, the team leader of the Project C.U.R.E,  Mr Charles Irion said that during the one week  Needs Assessment exercise, the officials will undertake a visit to 18 of the 24 health facilities across the state. According to him, “Our team will go round the designated health facilities to see things for ourselves before we consolidate on the next steps. We also plan to pay a  visit to the Federal Teaching Hospital, Gombe for familiarization and assessment”. Project C.U.R. E. is an international organization, working to bridge the staggering health resource gaps in the developing world by empowering doctors and nurses with the tools they need to treat diseases, deliver vaccines, perform life-changing surgeries and ensure safe childbirth. The project also offers support to hospitals, rural clinics and community health centers all over the world to help them provide quality care and critical medical services to their most vulnerable patients, especially women and young children as contained in a statement signed by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity to the Governor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.