Adaeze Oreh is a family physician, a columnist and a 2019 Aspen Institute New Voices Fellow. She contributed towards the revision of the country’s National Blood Policy in the National Health Act of 2014 and regularly contributes to radio stations in Abuja, speaking on health issues. In this interview by Kingsley Alumona, she speaks about her foundation, why she is into SGDs and UHC, and what could be done to ensure that every Nigerian enjoys better and affordable healthcare services.  At what point in your life did you decide to study medicine? And what was your experience studying in a Nigerian university? As a child visiting my dad at his private clinic, I became interested in medicine and wouldn’t trade the experience of studying in a Nigerian university for anything. I studied medicine at the University of Nigeria, where my parents met and where incidentally, I met my husband! Most of my closest relationships and the foundation of my commitment to patient care were forged during those years and there are certainly many memorable experiences unique to studying in a Nigerian university. A funny one was telling every ‘okada’ rider that was my first time on a bike so he would be more careful than usual. I doubted they believed me. But, it always worked.  You also studied in Harvard, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, and Imperial College Business School. How did you finance your way through these schools? And, in what ways did these schools shape your career? I studied for a Masters’ degree in International Health Management at Imperial College Business School and this was funded with family support. While there, I always kept my ears open for opportunities and assisting with several PhD students’ research led to a fully funded leadership programme at Harvard School of Public Health. These schools exposed me to quality health systems management models, and I was eager to return and contribute to the Nigerian public service. In the course of my work, I started an online master’s in Public Health with London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine to better equip me in community health care delivery.  What is the job description of a Family Physician? As a family physician, what motivated you to extend your expertise into public and humanitarian healthcare spaces? As a Family Physician, I’m not restricted by patients’ gender, age or body system. We offer patients the best care possible taking into consideration their individual situations, family and environments while also emphasizing health promotion and disease prevention. Public health is also within the scope of family medicine, because the specialty involves ensuring the health and wellbeing of individuals, families and communities.  What is your role as a senior medical officer at the National Blood Transfusion (NBTS), Abuja? And, what are you doing to ensure that people in the grassroots have access to NBT services? I work with the National Coordinator—Dr Oluwatoyin Smith, to ensure the availability of safe, screened blood units in Nigeria. NBTS developed the Hospital Linkage program over ten years ago to facilitate the provision of blood at rural and urban health facilities linking with NBTS centres nationwide. However, these services which were primarily funded by the United States government up until 2015 have been constrained by domestic financing challenges. Hence, the wide gap between units of safe blood required and units available for transfusion. One of our major priorities is, therefore, advocating for increased government funding not only for healthcare in general, but for emergency and safe blood services at all levels.  What inspired your interest in Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Universal Health Coverage (UHC)? Each time I consider the SDGs,  I’m reminded of the challenges faced by everyday people in Nigeria—poverty, hunger, ill-health, poor education, gender inequality, poor water, sanitation and hygiene, unemployment, economic stagnation, unaffordable energy, conflict, injustice and reduced inequalities. Truly, one cannot work towards progress without addressing these SDGs in one way or the other. For UHC, the ultimate goal is that people and communities get the health services they need without suffering financial hardship. As a cancer survivor, I understand that too many Nigerians are just one illness away from falling deeper into poverty and this just isn’t right.  What is your take on foreign aids in funding health projects in Nigeria? Are there disadvantages to these aids? If so, how could they be addressed? Another word for aid is “assistance” and while very welcomed should not be expected to replace national obligation towards the population. Nigeria has some of the highest burdens of diseases and deaths in the world and therefore needs to explore raising more domestic finance for development. We cannot expect foreign aid to take the place of what is our primary responsibility to our people. Why the rich must give of their wealth —Alafe Aluko Empanadas fruit is it! Try out Pasta Salad! Why sex education is a must for children at early age —…  Why did you found Kaibeya Care Foundation Africa and Pillow Talk Counselling? How do you fund and sustain them? My involvement in these humanitarian initiatives is to assist disadvantaged populations access quality healthcare and reproductive health counselling. They are sustained by collaborations with well-meaning colleagues and partners.  If you were the president of Nigeria, how would you ensure that every Nigerian, especially those in the rural areas, have better and affordable healthcare services? Over 60 per cent of Nigeria’s population lives in rural areas, where primary healthcare centres are the health access points. Prioritising access to quality health care at the primary care level addresses a large proportion of the population that is often neglected, strengthens the country’s health system and reduces the deaths and disease burden for which Nigeria is a large contributor globally. The present administration’s plan to revitalize primary healthcare centres and the basic healthcare provision fund roll-out are encouraging steps. However, pooling health financing across wider population segments such that the wealthier and the healthier cross-subsidise the poorer and more illness-prone while engaging public and private providers in primary care delivery with strict oversight, ensures rural populations better access to quality care. This will also prevent unchecked infectious disease outbreaks in communities.  What are your major challenges as an SDG and UHC advocate? And, how do you manage work with family? The perception that SDGs and UHC are too idealistic to be achievable is a major challenge. However, I believe that it’s a journey in progress and the small wins will add up to bigger wins as long as we accept that every single Nigerian is entitled to these goals. As regards work and family, I’m deliberate about the time I earmark to spend with my family and be present in their lives and activities.  Who are your mentors in your career? And, what do you like doing at your leisure? I have been blessed with several mentors and peers who have guided me in the course of my career. By their training, advice, support and encouragement, I’ve navigated my profession, been offered rare opportunities and avoided several pitfalls. Some mentors I’ve never even met, but their books and interviews have been guide for us in healthcare leadership. Relaxing involves reading, listening to music, admiring Nigerian art, watching movies and TV series months behind everyone else—which amuses my sisters. Being a homebody, I enjoy spending time with loved ones.  What advice do you have for young people, especially females aspiring to be like you? Young people, especially females, must be intentional about their careers and avail themselves of opportunities to execute tasks efficiently, exhibiting diligence and excellence. Not all tasks will be glamorous, but they will be opportunities to build skills and forge beneficial long-term alliances. Some may be non-remunerated but that shouldn’t be a deterrent. One of my biggest roles came after a period of volunteering. If I hadn’t shown myself to be dedicated to delivering excellently in the unpaid task, I would never have been offered that position. Also, be committed to improving your knowledge and skills as this enhances confidence and the value you add. There’s a quote I love and live by from the late SDG advocate,p Kofi Annan: “Knowledge is power, power is liberating, and education is the premise of progress in every society, in every family.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.