Delta State   Ministry  of Health, in collaboration with LinkGate Corporate Resources Limited, recently  staged a health exhibition during the National Council on Health (NCH),   in Asaba, the Delta  State capital. According to Dr  Minnie Oseji, the  Head, Public Private Partnership (PPP) unit and permanent  secretary  of  the  state Ministry of Health and Mr Oyewole Fakoya, the representative of LinkGate Corporate Resources Limited, at a joint press briefing in Asaba,  the state health exhibition that ran concurrently with  NCH for  five  days between September  9 and 13,  was in line with the state’s  health policy and a part of determination of ensuring improved  medical treatments through  viable communication skills of healthcare  workers. The duo explained   that “Communication is not an add-on in medical practice. It is  at the heart  of patient care,” adding that communication is important in illness  because the appropriate course of action may depend more on patient values than on medical dogmas.  Buhari unfolds plans to reverse climate change in Nigeria N90bn election fund: Your allegations against Osinbajo are… Lagos-Ibadan rail: Amaechi berates CCECC for slow pace of… How FG policy on diversification can work ―Oyetola They  also  explained that  the already held state  health exhibition was an advocacy  programme  tailored towards  promoting the strength of healthcare equipment, pharmaceuticals, treatments, services and professionals  available in Delta State   and the country at large. The state exhibition had the participation of the World Health Organization (WHO), Delta State Contributory Health Commission, Delta State University Teaching Hospital (DELSUTH), Neimeth Pharmaceuticals, Inter-Trade, NCDC, NAFDAC, NHIS, TCI, JNCI, Calm Global Information Technology, Marie Stopes International, Prezzo, Tyonex and Delta State General Hospital, Okwe among others. However, among the mammoth dignitaries that attended the exhibition included The Honourable Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, The Honourable Minister of State for Health, Senator Olorunnibe Mamora, Delta State Commissioner of Health, Dr Mordi Ononye, The Director of PPP/Diaspora Unit, Federal Ministry of Health, Dr (Mrs.) Omobolanle Olowu, and representatives of Nigeria Navy Medical Corps.  Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!