Chairman of the Senate Committee on Cooperation and Integration in Africa/NEPAD, Senator Chimaroke Nnamani has tasked those in leadership positions at all levels to address the problems of poverty, ignorance and disease which he noted were impeding the development of the country and its people to prosperity. Senator Nnamani noted that almost six decades after Nigeria attained her independence, the country was still faced with the challenges of inequality, unemployment, ethnicity and illiteracy. In his goodwill message to Nigerians on the eve of the nation 59th Independence anniversary, the former Governor of Enugu state urged leaders to make deliberate efforts through policies and programmes that would engender development and rescue the people from the debilitating effects of ignorance, squalor, disease and poverty. He enjoined Nigeria and other sister nations in Africa that attained self-rule in the 60s to rise up to the challenge and work hard to save their people from the aprons string of poverty, hunger and diseases. ALSO READ:  Kogi guber: Ohinoyi tasks women to unite against violence, intimidation during election Senator Nnamani pointed out that like most African nations, “Nigeria is yet to achieve her potentials for greatness envisaged at independence which she attained through fierce battles, sweat and blood, many decades after.” In spite of the disappointments, he expressed the hope that the country could still be out of the woods if the right steps were taken. He, therefore, urged Nigerian leaders to put on their thinking caps to address the issues of insecurity threatening the peace and cohesion of the country. On his part, he promised that the Senate would put the issues on its priority list in order to fashion out a blueprint that would lead the people to prosperity. He urged citizens to complement government programmes and policies to ensure peace and progress. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/