The most fundamental responsibility of any government is to ensure the safety of its people; to protect lives and properties, but to some extent, security in the country seems to have been left in a limbo. Securing citizens’ lives should remain paramount on the mind of any government that wishes to achieve its goals and aspirations or run successful administration. Should any government attempt to abolish social security, unemployment, insurance and eliminate labour law, such government may likely not leave good records after its tenure. It is on this premise that the present administration in Ogun State, led by Prince Dapo Abiodun, based on the belief that business can only thrive in a secure and safe environment, recently signed the State Security Trust Fund Bill that was passed by the State House of Assembly into Law. The initiatives (passing of the bill, and signing it to law) were a demonstration of the government’s commitment towards ensuring that residents and investors in the state pursue their legitimate businesses in a secure environment. Blundered past, xenophobia and diplomatic crossroads A nation, people with no staying power On Ibadan custom, tradition Community policing and major causes of insecurity The Trust Fund will help provide money for the acquisition and deployment of security equipment and human resources that will be necessary to effectively prevent crime and promote the efficiency of all the security agencies in the state. In conclusion, it is not gainsaying that the security of lives and properties is a priority to the governor, which informed the initiatives in order to tackle banditry, terrorism, kidnapping, armed robbery, ritual killings and sundry violent crimes in the state. Taylor Temitayo M. Ogun State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!