The Abubakar Ibrahim Governorship Campaign Organisation has said that they are committed to winning Tuesday’s PDP governorship primary election and has also debunked stepping down for another aspirant, Engr. Musa Wada. In a statement issued and signed by the Abubakar Ibrahim Media Team made available to TribuneOnline in Lokoja on Monday, described the thinking making the round as child’s play and a figment of the imagination of those who have clearly seen from the loud ovation that the PDP governorship ticket is for Abubakar Ibrahim to take. The media office of the Abubakar Ibrahim Campaign Organisation makes bold to say that the aspiration of its principal from the onset received wide acceptance, based on his capacity to deliver the state from the woods, is very much in the race to salvage Kogi state via the popular votes it would get from the delegates. ALSO READ: ICSAN holds walk to improve members’ health, mental fitness Osinbajo, ministers, FG lawyers meet over P&IB $9.6b… Ekiti SUBEB Chairman seeks legislature’s support to revamp… Team up to improve healthcare delivery, FG charges… Police arrest suspect who allegedly stab okada rider to… According to the statement, “Is it not laughable to think that the best would step down for the weakest. Is it not funny and unimaginable that the aspirant who is acceptable to all and cuts across the section of the state would step down for an unknown candidate”? It is, therefore, our candid opinion that Abubakar Ibrahim remains the man to beat for the PDP ticket, will win overwhelmingly and will not be bothered by mischief makers and pedestrian actors, who have seen the handwriting on the wall that Abubakar Ibrahim’s candidature as the flag bearer of the PDP is not in doubt, and not  negotiable as the delegates have resolved to vote him in. The Abubakar Ibrahim campaign organisation is already looking beyond the PDP governorship primaries, as he is set to win the November 16 governorship election, as the aspiration is geared towards making lives more meaningful for the people of Kogi state. The Abubakar Ibrahim campaign organisation says her principal would only enter into an agreement that would better the living standard of the people of the state, urged the delegates and those who have shown concern to the malicious report to discountenance it as it is baseless and unsubstantiated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...