Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC), Ilorin zonal office, has on Thursday arraigned a 36-year-old Joesph Oyediran, one of the most wanted suspects by the Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI). A statement by the head, media and publicity of the agency, Wilson Uwujaren, said that Oyediran was arraigned before Justice Mahmood Abdulgafar of a Kwara State High Court sitting in Ilorin on a five-count charge bordering on internet fraud and other fraud-related offences, obtaining money under false pretence, among others. Count two of the Charge reads, “That you, Joseph Oyediran (Joe MG, Morris Graves), sometime in May 2015, within the jurisdiction of this honourable court, with intent to defraud, obtained the sum of #1,421,968.00 (One million, four hundred and twenty one thousand, nine hundred and sixty eight naira) from one Andrea Smith a white American woman on the false pretence that you were Joe MG a white American man in love with her, a representation you knew to be false punishable under section 1(3) of the Advance Fee Fraud and other fraud-related Offences Act no. 14of 2006” ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/breaking-court-orders-sowores-release-says-falana-to-produce-him-when-required/ We don’t believe in political family dynasty in Kogi ―… London court grants FG application to appeal $9.9bn P&ID… Internet fraudster bags six months imprisonment in Ilorin Fighting insecurity: Gombe enlists vigilantes, local hunters… Oyediran, however, pleaded not guilty to all the five-count charges levelled against him by the anti-graft body. When the matter was called on Thursday, Prosecuting Counsel, Sessan Ola told Justice Abdulgafar “My Lord, we have a five-count charge before this honourable court dated 19th day of September 2019, we urge the court to accept the charge and allow the accused Person to take his plea. Counsel to the Accused, M.A. Bello, however, did not object to the application. After the plea was taken, prosecuting Counsel further informed the Court that ” My Lord, in view of the defendant’s plea of not guilty, we are asking for a trial date to enable the prosecution to prove its case, we also pray your Lordship to remand the defendant in Prison Custody pending the hearing and determination of this matter. Ruling on the submission, Justice Abdulgafar ordered the Accused Person to be remanded in Mandala Prison and adjourned the case till October 9, 2019, for the commencement of trial Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.