There is palpable confusion at the headquarters of the Eastern ports, the Rivers Port Complex over the decision by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) to stop all vessel call at Terminal B which was concessioned to BUA Ports and Terminals Limited. This is even as the NPA stated that the decision to stop vessel call at BUA ports is down to safety concern over the concessionaires’ berths and quays. Speaking with the Nigerian Tribune exclusively, Trustee member of the Maritime Workers Union of Nigeria (MWUN), Comrade White Harry stated that the decision by the NPA to stop vessel call indefinitely at BUA Ports and Terminals has left many port workers jobless. According to Comrade White Harry, “When the MD of NPA visited the eastern ports on a familiarisation tour about two years ago, she was not impressed with what she saw at BUA Ports and Terminals. The situation of berth 8 at BUA Ports and Terminals was pathetic and NPA was not impressed with the concessionaire. Maritime academy seeks NASS intervention over poor workers… Maritime reforms to encourage foreign direct investment… Physical examination of cargoes causing port congestion —NPA… SIFAX Group boss, experts chart course for maritime sector’s… “So when BUA wrote to the NPA just recently that berth 5, 6, 7 and 8 needs repairs, the concessionaire played into the hands of the port authority because the NPA was already not satisfied with the way BUA was managing the terminal B of the Rivers Port Complex. Berth 8 had been very bad for more than three years ago, and NPA didn’t like it. NPA expected BUA to have done something about it long ago. So writing to the NPA that it wants to fix berth 5, 6, 7, and the already bad berth 8 made NPA to suspend vessel call at the terminal. “So without any vessel call at Terminal B, that means no work for dockworkers at the facility. The case is currently in arbitration now but our members who are dockworkers have no jobs to do because of the ban on vessel call by NPA.” When contacted, the NPA Spokesman, Adams Jato stated that it was BUA who wrote to the agency, stating that berth 5, 6, 7 are no longer safe and need repairs. In his words, “We received a letter from BUA that the Terminal B is no longer safe for operations, and that they will like to carry out repair works at the terminal. So we replied them that in line with international practice as regards port operation, they (BUA) cannot be working in an environment that is not safe, and that is why we stopped vessel call at the facility until that place is safe for berthing of ships. I am not aware of them being decommissioned.” Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!