In his government’s drive to secure more investments, Governor Dapo Abiodun, of Ogun state has in New York, apprised investors of his administration’s plan to enhance the ease of doing business. Speaking to our reporter after a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari at the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly on Friday, he expressed confidence that his trip would achieve the desired result for the people. He said everything was being put in place to make business less difficult for investors, saying that his presence in New York was to convince prospective investors that Ogun would set few them well. Abiodun has revealed that the prospective investors insisted on meeting the chief executive themselves to discuss plans to enhance investments in their states. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/ogun-gov-signs-four-bills-into-law/ He added: “More importantly, coming to Ogun state which is the biggest industrial hub in Nigeria, it’s been an opportunity for me to meet a lot of potential investors who insisted on seeing and meeting with chief executives in person. They want to have a feel of how and what you are thinking. Rotary Club distributes free exercise books to pupils in… Nigeria makes World Bank’s list for top-20 ‘improvers… Task Force raids Lagos brothel, nabs 14 suspects with… Nigerian governors storm New York for SDGs “And also because I come from the private sector and our vision is that which is to provide a focused and qualitative governance while creating an enabling environment for a private-public sector partnership which we believe is fundamental to the economic growth of the state, and individual prosperity.” The governor recalled that the state has since passed the Ogun Invest law, which allows the state to create the Ogun Investment Agency, disclosing that he was in the process of appointing an investment banker as the chief executive in government’s commitment to increasing the ranking of the state in the ease of doing business. Abiodun further stated: “These, I shared with them and all the plans that Ogun state has in terms of increasing our ranking in the global ease of doing business index. “What does that call for? It starts from being able to apply, for land in Ogun state. How do you resolve disputes in Ogun state, how do you transfer land in Ogun state, do you have to go to multiple windows if you want to build? And so on and so forth. “So, all that, I was able to address in person with international investors and I am glad to say that quite a few people are so anxious to come to my state because it is the Gateway state.” He praised the participation of Nigeria at the UNGA, noting that President Buhari made a good representation for Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.