Dignitaries including the Minister for Interior, Mr Rauf Aregbesola, Osun State Governor, Gboyega Oyetola, among others on Saturday converged on the historical city of Ile-Ife for the celebration of 2019 Olojo festival. Different socio-cultural groups paid homage to the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, in the ancient city of Ile-Ife. In his remark, Oyetola congratulated the people of the ancient town for the success of this year festival, describing Olojo festival as significant because it affords Yoruba people the opportunity to showcase their God-given cultural heritage. Represented by his deputy, Benedict Alabi, the governor said “Olojo festival is promoting our culture and tradition to the whole world. The festival has shown to the whole world that Yoruba culture is very rich.” Ebonyi central zone residents charge PDP to fulfil campaign… 24-year-old student killed by gunmen in Kogi Truck kills boy in Ondo Buhari condemns abuse of children in Kaduna ‘reform… ALSO READ: APC postpones primaries in two Ekiti LGs as aspirants allege imposition While reiterating his administration’s readiness to ensure that the state realises its vision of developing its culture, Oyetola maintained that “we are doing so much in the promotion of our culture and we will not relent. We want people to have confidence in our ability to get things done and support us.” Other dignitaries at the festival include former Commissioner for Culture and Tourism in Osun, Sikiru Ayedun; the lawmaker representing Ife Federal Constituency, Hon. Taofeek Ajilesoro and Speaker State House of Assembly, Hon. Timothy Owoeye. Others include Orangun of Oke Ila, Oba Adedokun Abolarin; Orangun of Ila Orangun, Oba Wahab Adedotun; wife of former governor of Ogun State, Mrs Funso Amosun; Obalufe of Ife, Oba Idowu Adediwiura and Chief Whip of Osun State House of Assembly, Hon. Tunde Olatunji among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/