Former Ambassador/Permanent Delegate of Nigeria to UNESCO, Professor Michael Omolewa, will deliver the 30th anniversary lecture of the West Africa Theological Seminary (WATS), Ipaja, Lagos. The Director of Administration of the seminary, Tosin Awolalu (PhD), made this known in a statement made available on Saturday, adding that the theme of the lecture for the week-long celebration, starting from tomorrow, was “Riding the Storm to Glory”. Omolewa, a professor emeritus of the University of Ibadan, was the president of the 32nd Session of the General Conference of UNESCO, a recipient of national award, a member of the Governing Council of the International African Institute in the United Kingdom and chairman, Committee of Deans of Faculties of Education of Nigerian Universities. UPDATE: Sanwo-Olu condemns attack on Shoprite, says 5000… Yellow fever outbreak: Ebonyi govt commences massive… BREAKING: Over 500 Muslim pilgrims escape death as aircraft… Tribunal: Omo-Agege thanks constituents, says petition a… WATS, which is a non-denominational theological training institution in the country, has produced notable pastors and church leaders across the country and has been affiliated to the University of Nigeria, Nsukka since 1992. According to its provost, Pastor Obafemi Martins, this year’s anniversary was unique because “apart from giving out awards of excellence to deserving members of the public here in Nigeria and abroad, a three-floor building donated by the founder of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Dr Daniel K. Olukoya, will be dedicated and formally handed over to the Seminary. “As part of our social responsibilities to our community, WATS has dedicated a day in the week-long programmes for a comprehensive medical outreach where medical personnel of the WATS Hospital will attend to the public on a wide range of medical challenges.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...