People’s Democratic Party (PDP) Chieftain, Chief Sunny Onuesoke has congratulated Delta State governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa, on his victory at the Delta State Governorship Tribunal over the All Progressive Congress (APC) Delta State governorship candidate, Chief Great Ogboru. Onuesoke, who gave the congratulatory message at the premises of the Tribunal in Asaba, on Friday, told newsmen by the sideline that Okowa’s victory over Ogboru was not strange as proofs abound that Dr Okowa won the election squarely and fairly. The PDP Chieftain, who argued that the Tribunal’s verdict was a true reflection of the wishes of the people of Delta State, said Ogboru’s sojourn to the tribunal was a waste of time and resources. “With the Tribunal verdict, it is now obvious that Ogboru challenging the outcome of the election was a wild goose chase. “The margin is too wide for any sane person to think of challenging it. Okowa won convincingly in twenty three out of twenty five local government areas, but lost marginally in two Local Government Areas. “Well, Ogboru going to the Tribunal is not amazing because he is accustomed to challenging electoral victories in the past on allegations of being rigged out,” he averred. Oyetola mourns Osun Customary Court President 44-year-old driver kills three in-laws in Edo Budget, security our major priority ― Senate President UPDATE: Atiku Abubakar writes Nigerians, solicits for more… ALSO READ: Global warming: Chevron advocates reduction in greenhouse emission Onuesoke maintained that the people of the state massively voted for Governor Okowa because he is a man that keeps his words and doesn’t reject a common man. He stressed that the governor had laid a foundation by bringing up the youth into leadership which, according to him, indicates that they are the leaders of tomorrow. Noting that the achievements of the governor in his first term of four years was responsible for his landslide victory over Ogboru, Onuesoke stated that his building of infrastructure has continued to attract investors to Asaba and other cities in Delta State, thereby boosting the economy of the state. “The testimony of the people as reflected in the election and confirmed by the Tribunal verdict is that the governor is doing well and you don’t change a winning team. Irrespective of the party, platform or affiliation, what is good is good. “You can’t stop the people from believing or supporting what is good,” he affirmed. The Governorship Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Asaba had, on Friday, upheld the victory of Senator Ifeanyi Okowa as governor of Delta State in the last March 9, 2019 governorship election. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!