THE Federal Government has been advised to seek ways of making the airport environment conducive and the system work for the overall development of the sector rather than clamour for concession that is retrogressive. The Chairman, Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), branch of the National Union of Air Transport Employees NUATE, Comrade Adeshola Idowu, who gave this advice in Lagos, said the aviation sector was yearning for positive transformation and not policies that will strangulate its growth in the name of concession. “We need development; concession is not the solution to the problems in the industry. We are not for concession and we are ready to work with anyone that will move the industry to next positive level,” Idowu declared. #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Tiwa Savage cancels DSTV concert in South Africa Concerns over airport insecurity:  Expert calls for closure… Five days to BA pilots’ strike: Nigerians brace up Emirates Aviation University introduces international… Air France set to take delivery of 60 A220 aircraft According to Idowu, the next level of President Buhari will be supported by workers in the aviation industry only when it has the welfare and interest of workers, saying that no worker would welcome next level of slavery. While saying there was no way concession could be done with the structure on ground, Idowu added that FAAN would not fall while the union will not fail the organisation. On the condition of service of FAAN workers, Idowu expressed joy that workers were not left behind as they were well taken care of by the management noting that promotion of staff were done accordingly while salaries were not delayed. He applauded the management of FAAN led by Captain Rabiu Yadudu for being focused on the welfare of workers and the transformation of major airports. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...