Mr. Segun Ayobolu, former Chief Press Secretary (CPS) to former Lagos State governor, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, said on Monday that the first 100 days marked under then administration was one of his worst nightmares. Ayobolu, a veteran journalist and editor at large, The Nation Newspaper, made this revelation in a paper titled ” The Dynamics of Public Affairs Management” which he presented in honour of Mr. Folarin Adeyemi, who retired as Permanent Secretary in the Lagos State Civil Service. The gathering had in attendance three former commissioners for information and strategy, in the state, among other media practitioners and scholars. According to him, this was so as to focus on the media about the administration was “exceedingly negative and abominable,” saying critics after critic talked about the refuse heaps on the roads, the potholes, the terrible insecurity situation with armed robbery attacks on banks and snatching of vehicles occurring almost on a daily basis. “As Chief Press Secretary to Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the anniversary of his 100 days in office in 199 was one of my worst nightmares. ALSO READ: Group backs SouthEast Govs, warns against plot to install Emir in Igboland “The reviews in the media were exceedingly negative and abominable. Critics after critic focused on the refuse heaps on the roads, the potholes and, veritable craters on most roads, the scarcity of water, the terrible insecurity with armed robbery attacks on banks and snatching of vehicles occurring almost on a daily basis,” he said. Group backs SouthEast Govs, warns against plot to install… No hiding place for criminals in kano ― Ganduje PDP primaries: Bello receives Adamawa counterpart, Gov… Tennis player Mike Bryan fined $10,000 for US Open gun… Ayobolu said most of the critics could not be bothered that these problems were the inheritance from years of military neglect and misrule and could thus not be resolved instantaneously or magically. Meanwhile, Adeyemi, in his address, disclosed that he has set up a foundation, tagged: “Fola Adeyemi Foundation” for the training of indigent journalists. He made the disclosure as part of the celebration of his 60th birthday and retirement from service which held at Oregun, Ikeja. Adeyemi also used the occasion to launch a book titled, ‘The Dynamics of Public Affairs Management, Information Management, Strategic Communication and the Emergent Greater Lagos (2019-2023).’ The celebrator, however, that all the proceeds from the book would go to the National Association for Women Journalists (NAWOJ). He said the foundation was a way of giving back to the society and journalism profession which had been instrumental to his rise and successes recorded in his working life. While promising that he would be making an annual donation to the foundation to make sure that indigent journalists get the required training to excel in their work, Adeyemi made an instant donation into the foundation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...