THE Government of the People’s Republic of China has pledged to strengthen its bilateral ties with Nigeria, saying both countries have a lot of things in common. Director, China Cultural Centre, Abuja, Mr. Li Xuda, said this during the weekend while speaking at the first Chorus Competition for secondary schools in Abuja organised by the Centre as part of activates to celebrate the 70th National Day of the founding of the People’s Republic of China which coincides with Nigeria’s national day of October 1st. The musical showpiece which had nine (9) secondary schools in Abuja competing was hosted by Government Girls Secondary School, Dutse, in the Bwari area council of the Federal Capital Territory. In a speech delivered by Li Xuda, he stated that the competition was put together to promote education and the cultural values of Nigeria and China. He noted that China and Nigeria were blessed with rich cultural heritage which should be promoted and protected at all cost. “China and Nigeria would benefit a lot in the future by these acts we have undertaken to harness talents and promote cultural heritage through this “Jasmine flower song competition.” Mr. Xuda, also used the occasion to reiterate the commitment of China towards the sustenance of the cordial and bilateral relationships that exist between Nigeria and China. We will launch 20-year development agenda to save Oyo, Seyi… We will be bullish about implementing our development plans… Mugabe: Adeyeye, Shonibare caution African leaders on… Ekiti youths reject nullification of Senator Adeyeye’s… ALSO READ: CUPP kicks against request for bank details of Supreme Court justices by NFIU “Nigeria has gained a lot of benefits since the inception of diplomatic ties with China. Both countries have had shared benefits in education, social, cultural and economic development, of which Education and Culture are a priority to the Chinese Cultural Centre” he said. Also speaking at the event, the Executive Chairman, FCT Secondary Education Board, Hon. Yahaya Musa Muhammad who sent a representative said, China has done a lot to promote education in Abuja, noting that lots of students have been beneficiaries of its scholarships and awards. “I am glad to see our students beautifully kitted and performing the ‘Jasmine flower song in the Chinese language. I would give honour to the Chinese Embassy and the Cultural Centre for organising this competition to harness the exceptional talents of our students The Education Board will continue to work hand in hand with the Chinese Cultural Centre to see that this maiden edition is not the last,” he said. Speaking on behalf of the competing schools Mr. Yusuf Barde, Vice-Principal, Government Girls Secondary School, Dutse thanked the Chinese Cultural Centre for its eagle eye in identifying “culture” as a tool of moral regeneration in our youths saying that our culture has been devalued by copying negative western cultures which are presented as popular culture to our youths. “What China Cultural Centre has done is first of its kind by an international cultural organisation and we are very grateful that our students have experienced speedy cultural orientation as it concerns Chinese and Nigerian cultures. Since the announcement of this competition earlier this year, our students have shown a lot of enthusiasm,” he said. The competition which is a first in the country, had Girls Secondary School, Jabi, Abuja claiming the first prize. Awards were given to outstanding performers and consolation prizes to all participants. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! THE REAL CAUSE OF ERECTILE DYFUNCTION , LOW LIBIDO AND TIREDNESS AS YOU GROW OLDER REVEALED!!! CLICK TO SEE HOW YOU CAN CORRECT IT TODAY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!