A 19-year-old teenager, identified as Sampson on Sunday allegedly hacked his 52-year-old mother to death in Agbura Village, Yenagoa local government area of Bayelsa  State. The incident which occurred in the early hours of Sunday left residents in shock as they discovered the mutilated remains of the deceased woman, Mrs. Airen Ofongo lying in her compound. According to the residents, attempt to apprehend the culprit was not successful as he escaped into the forest through the back of their compound. As at the time of visiting the scene, policemen had already cordoned off the place and evacuated the remains of the woman to the mortuary. A resident who spoke with Tribune Crime on condition of anonymity said the boy was a cultist who denounced cultism a year ago, but he has been under pressure from his gang members to rejoin his cult group. ALSO READ: British High Commissioner endorses Ooni entrepreneurship initiative for youths Polaris Bank commits to climate action, sustainability Flood kills three, takes over cottage, school, hospital in… Dignitaries honour Kashamu at mother’s funeral Nigerian youths must engage in vocational skills ― Digital… According to him, it was Sampson’s attempt to rejoin his group that led to the argument which resulted into the death of his mother. He said the mother and the young man identified had been having heated argument over the issues before Sunday’s gruesome murder. In another tragic incident at Aritelin axis of Yenagoa, the state capital, a man reportedly took his life, after hanging himself to a ceiling with a rope in his room. Neighbours were said to have discovered his lifeless body dangling from the ceiling on Sunday morning. The motives for taking his life could not be ascertained as at the time of filing the report, policemen who had also cordoned off the vicinity refused to comment. Police spokesman in Bayelsa State Police Command, SP Asimin Butswat, said he was yet to get full details from the Divisional Police Officers in charge of both divisions where the incidents happened. He said information available to him, had it that the young man had fled the scene before he could be apprehended but promised to get back with more details. He gave the name of the murdered woman as Airen Ofongo, who was 52 years of age before she was hacked to death by her son, adding that the police is yet to confirm if the woman was actually the biological mother of the boy. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!