Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has declared that his administration is developing the Port Harcourt Pleasure Park into a major global tourist attraction. Addressing journalists on Friday after inspecting the Port Harcourt Pleasure Park Cinema completed by his administration, he said that key facilities are being developed to improve the quality of experience at the Park. He described the new Cinema Constructed within the Park as a five-star facility that raises the standard of entertainment available to people in the Niger Delta. ALSO READ: #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Air Peace announces new date for evacuation of Nigerians “We have just completed a five-star cinema within the Port Harcourt Pleasure Park.  This cinema is about the best in the country. Rivers: APC set to put its house in order Xenophobic attacks: Malami makes case for overhauling of… Residents groan as flood disrupts commercial in Warri,… Osun govt tackles Makinde over comments on LAUTECH “It will offer first-class entertainment to the people of the region and beyond.  Instead of going to Dubai for relaxation and tourism, you come over to Port Harcourt to enjoy the pleasure of this Park”, he said. Governor Wike said that the Rivers State Government will continue to develop new facilities that will complement existing structures within the Port Harcourt Pleasure Park. The Governor said that the new Cinema would be thrown open to the Public after the Commissioning programme on September 11, 2019. He said that his administration is determined to ensure that the beauty of Port Harcourt is restored and Port Harcourt made a major tourism destination in the country. Wike expressed happiness that sanity is returning to the streets of Port Harcourt, with the Task Force on Street Trading,  Illegal markets and motor Parks doing a splendid job. He also inspected ongoing projects in GRA and other parts of Port Harcourt and Obio/Akpor Local Government Areas saying that the administration will roll out several projects to mark the first one hundred days of his second term. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...