The Chairman of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, Hon. Clement Faboyede, on Monday, assured all the governorship aspirants for the next governorship election in the state that the party would provide level-playing ground in the primaries to be conducted by the party. Faboyede who gave this assurance in Akure, Ondo state capital, during the declaration of the National Vice Chairman (Southwest) of the party, Dr. Eddy Olafeso, at the party secretariat said with the free and fair primary, no aspirant would be aggrieved. The chairman disclosed that no fewer than 17 aspirants have signified their intention to become the party’s flag bearer in the 2020 governorship election in the state. According to him, the more we have people showing interest in the party, the better for the party. The only thing we need to do is to ensure unity within the party in order to win the next election. The party’s primary will be transparent as we are determined to take over power in the state. Our primary will be clean and clear primary. There will be no brouhaha. “The PDP has about 17 aspirants but I can assure everyone that the best candidate will emerge because we will ensure free fair primary. Nigeria@59: Fintiri pardons 18 prisoners to mark… Independence: Ondo govt commutes seven death sentence to… Nigeria@59: Gbajabiamila tasks Nigerians on unity, prayers… Army needs spiritual help to defeat Boko Haram ― Buratai “During the last primary of the party in the state during the general election, we did not receive a single query. The ball is in the court of the delegates to elect a candidate that will be accessible.” ALSO READ: Kogi, Bayelsa elections will point our 2023 performance ― INEC Speaking on his intention to vie for the party’s ticket, Olafeso said he decided to join the race in order to rescue the state, describing the present administration in the state as a disaster in the state. He said “There is no government in Ondo State here. This state is the state of Ajasin, it is the state of Adefarati, it the state of Agagu and Mimiko. But we are now witnessing a situation where parents are paying through their nose for pupils in primary to the secondary school level. The tertiary institutions are far beyond the ordinary man. I’m a product of the Awolowo era. I won’t have been educated if there is no social welfare program for the ordinary man on the street. They have abdicated their responsibility and they have stepped on the head of the history.” He promised to turn the state around within a short period of his administration and called for support from party members to save the state from total collapse. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.