Dignitaries, including the Minister for Interior, Mr Rauf Aregbesola; Osun State deputy governor, Mr Benedict Alabi; among others, on Saturday, converged on Ile-Ife for the celebration of 2019 Olojo festival. Different sociocultural groups paid homage to the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, as part of the activities marking this year’s Olojo festival. Speaking at the festival, President Muhammadu Buhari, represented by Aregbesola, tasked Nigerians to protect their cultural heritage which he said serves as true identities of all tribes and ethnic nationalities. According to him, “people and culture are inseparable since there is no denial of the fact that what makes human society is its culture.” The president, who said he was delighted to see how  people of Ile-Ife have been so passionate and committed to the preservation of cultural heritage, said for a society to be societal, it must be cultural, saying society and culture are intertwined. N90bn FIRS fund: We don’t endorse corruption ― CAN Ayade meets Abba Kyari on Bakassi Deep Sea Port project Nigeria @59: There’s hope for Nigeria to emerge among… Ipati farmland: Appeal court rules in favour of Loso… “The culture and tradition of a people are their identities as it affords them due recognition. It is their underlying distinguishing factor from other peoples and cultures. In fact, all societies across the globe have various and divergent cultures which they cherish and practice,” Buhari said. In his remark, Governor Gboyega Oyetola congratulated the people of the ancient town on the success of this year’s festival, describing Olojo festival as significant because it affords the Yoruba people the opportunity to showcase their cultural heritage. Represented by his deputy, Mr Benedict Alabi, the governor said ‘Olojo festival is promoting our culture and tradition to the whole world. The festival has shown to the whole world that Yoruba culture is very rich.” While reiterating his administration’s readiness to ensure that the state realise its vision of developing its culture, Oyetola maintained that “we are doing so much in the promotion of our culture and we will not relent. We want the people to have confidence in our ability to get things done and support us.” Other dignitaries at the festival included former Commissioner for Culture and Tourism in Osun State, Mr Sikiru Ayedun; lawmaker representing Ife Federal Constituency, Honourable Taofeek Ajilesoro and Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Honourable Timothy Owoeye. Others dignitaries included the Orangun of Oke Ila, Oba Adedokun Abolarin; Orangun of Ila Orangun, Oba Wahab Adedotun; wife of former governor of Ogun State, Mrs Funso Amosun; the Obalufe of Ife, Oba Idowu Adediwura; Chief Whip of Osun State House of Assembly, Honourable Tunde Olatunji, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/