LAGOS State Government on Wednesday disclosed that the monthly sanitation exercise cancelled three years ago would be reintroduced to address the waste challenges in the state, saying that the sanitation law which would enable its reintroduction was currently being reviewed. The state government had cancelled the exercise three years ago, citing economic realities in the country. Commissioner for Environment and Water Resources, Mr Tunji Bello, gave the hint at a meeting held at the ministry with Association of Commodity Market Women and Men led by the Iyaloja General of Nigeria, Chief Mrs Folasade Tinubu-Ojo. Bello, who lamented the invalidation of the monthly exercise by the court, described it as a setback which he said would be reversed very soon. According to him, the meeting was convened to seek the cooperation of the market leaders, women and men on the government’s zero-tolerance for indiscriminate dumping of waste. ALSO READ:  Fintiri escapes death as gunmen invade venue of PDP governorship primary in Kogi #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Botswana issues travel warning Spain’s missing Olympic medalist found dead #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Air Peace offers to evacuate… Oyo speaker charges corps members on positive use of… Bello warned markets that were yet to engage the service of PSP waste operators to link up with the State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) immediately, saying, they should also ensure that no form of waste was taken to the roads henceforth. The commissioner urged the traders to create a point within the market where all the waste generated would be deposited before being carted away by the PSP operators. He assured the market leaders that the State would not hesitate to sanction PSP operators that failed to perform their duties appropriately. Bello warned that the state government would not hesitate to shut any market that failed to address refuses generated and dumped on roads linking the market. He said as a form of motivation, competitions would be re-introduced to recognize and reward markets adjudged as the cleanest. In her response, Tinubu-Ojo assured that the leadership of markets would intensify their sanitation strategies to achieve a cleaner Lagos. She assured that the association was ready to cooperate with the state government to adopt all methods proposed by the government to ensure cleanliness in all markets and it’s environs. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...