The acting Chairman, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, has advised Nigerians to take full ownership of the fight against corruption in order to guarantee success for the effort. Magu made the call on Monday while featuring on an interview programme of the Federal Radio Corporation of Nigeria’s (FRCN) Premier 93.5 FM – Straight Talk. The weekly programme anchored by Olutola Daramola, is aired weekly on the Ibadan-based FM radio station. Magu, who spoke through the Ibadan zonal head of the commission, Friday Ebelo, said bodies saddled with the anti-corruption work can not do it all alone. ALSO READ: Housing deficit: UN report condemns increase in vacant luxury dwellings in Nigeria Buhari unfolds plans to reverse climate change in Nigeria N90bn election fund: Your allegations against Osinbajo are… Lagos-Ibadan rail: Amaechi berates CCECC for slow pace of… How FG policy on diversification can work ―Oyetola “We should know that this is the only country that we have. We don’t have any other country. None of us applied to be a Nigerian. This country was given to us by God Almighty who deemed it for us to be here. “Therefore, we must make it work for all of us especially the incoming generations, so that they will have a place they will call their own. We must make Nigeria work. If it does, our younger ones and the children unborn will have a place they can call their own. “We are the ones on the scene now. We must do everything to ensure that our infrastructures work,” he noted. The EFCC boss also expressed the confidence that the future of the Commission is great, saying despite its young age, it is rated very high among its peers in the business of anti-corruption war across the globe. “We are just 15 years old and we are rated high. If we can be rated so high internationally at this relatively young age, you can be sure that we will remain on top and get better as we advance in age.” Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!