Nigerian Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon Ahmed Idris Wase has pledged his resolve to advance the integration of the West African sub-region. He gave the assurance while taking the oath of office sequel to his election as the first Deputy Speaker of the Economic Community of West African States, ECOWAS Parliament. The event was performed by the Speaker of the ECOWAS Parliament, Hon. Moustapha Cisse Lo at the opening ceremony of the second extra Ordinary session of the Parliament in Monrovia, the Republic of Liberia. Wase replaced the former Deputy Speaker Hon. Yussuff Sulaimon Lasun, who did not seek re-election back into the Nigerian House of Representatives after the end of his tenure. The choice Wase as the successor to Yussuff Lasun was unanimously adopted by the Nigeria delegation to the ECOWAS Parliament, as well as other members of the regional legislative body. In his response after the swearing-in, Wase promised to join hand with his colleagues in the Parliament to work towards the integration of the region. FG raises inter-agency task force on N5TRN AMCON debt… Ethiopian PM, Tinubu, win African Democracy Awards African countries set action plan for medicine traceability Don’t allow Ajaokuta steel industry die ― Activist… ALSO READ: Delta police begins manhunt for killers of lady He also applauded his colleagues for the confidence reposed in him by raising him to the office of first Deputy Speaker assuring that he will bring his wealth of experience in the Nigerian House of Representatives to bear on the regional parliament. “I am grateful to my honourable colleagues for unanimously adopting. me as the First Deputy Speaker of the ECOWAS Parliament. “My priority is to work harmoniously with my colleagues especially the honourable Speaker, Moustapha Cisse Lo to advance the integration of the West African sub-region. “I hope to bring my years of experience in the Nigerian Legislature to bear on the ECOWAS Parliament,” he stated. The second ordinary session of the Parliament is due to hold between November and December 2019 in Abuja, Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!