The Bayelsa Chapter of Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT) on Monday began an indefinite strike over non-payment of N18,000 minimum wage arrears to members in the state. This is contained in a statement signed and issued to newsmen in Yenagoa on Monday by the Chairman of the Union in the state, Mr Kala-Ama John, and the Secretary, Mr Johnson Hector. It said that the strike took effect after the expiration of 21 days ultimatum given to the state government in July and additional 7 days ultimatum on Sept. 12. ALSO READ: Court remands man in prison over alleged cultism in Ekiti News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the directive for the strike has grounded activities in both primary and secondary schools in the state that are supposed to resume for the first term on Monday. According to the statement, the strike became imperative given the state government’s inability to address the grievances of non-payment of N18,000 minimum wage arrears to both secondary and primary schools teachers. OYC sets date to honour, mourn departed Igbo youths Climate crisis: Grassroots movements blame oil… Jigawa Assembly suspends principal officers over alleged… Protesters storm Lagos Assembly, demand probe of Ambode “Also, we are aggrieved over non-payment of the backlog of salary arrears ranging from three and a half to seven and half months to primary school teachers since 2013. “We also observed an acute shortage of teachers in both primary and secondary schools, non-provision of instructional materials to schools since September 2018 till date and other lingering issues confronting the education system in the state. “Consequently, the national body of the Nigeria Union of Teachers has filed a trade dispute with the Bayelsa government on Sept. 6, 2019.” It noted that the notice came with the directive that “until the outstanding salary arrears are paid completely to both secondary and primary schools teachers, they should not resume work as schools re-open on Sept. 23. “Accordingly, the state wing executive council of the union hereby directs all primary and secondary school teachers in Bayelsa state to stay away from classes with immediate effect from Friday, Sept. 20, 2019, until otherwise directed,” it stated. Efforts to get the reaction of the State Commissioner for Education, Mr Jonathan Obuebite, was unsuccessful as he could not be reached for comment at the time of this report. Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!!