The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Sunday chastised President Muhammadu Buhari for his alleged failure to take decisive steps to end bloodletting and guarantee a stable, peaceful and secure nation. The party maintained in a statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, the National Publicity Secretary in Abuja that it is completely inexcusable that “as an individual, occupying the seat of the Commander-in-Chief, President Buhari has failed to organise his parade and articulate a decisive and operable strategy to effectively end violence in our nation.” The PDP noted with dismay that the Presidency only stops at issuing condemnations, publishing commiserations and embarking on condolence visits with empty assurances, but takes no definite steps to address the situation and bring culprits to book. It added: “At most, Presidency officials sit in the safety and comfort of Aso Rock to task state governors and traditional rulers, without concrete security measures to rout perpetrators. “This complete failure of leadership and abdication of the statutory duties of the President indicates that the Buhari Presidency has no solutions towards ensuring the security of lives and property in our nation.” The PDP posited that such failure by the Buhari Presidency is emboldening perpetuation of violent acts against defenceless citizens by insurgents, bandits, marauders and kidnappers freely pillaging our compatriots in various parts of our country. Yakassai blasts Ezeife over 2023 presidency 3 killed, dozens kidnapped as gunmen waylay 14-seater bus on… Reps Chief Whip Monguno fecilitates with Gov Zulum at 50 N100m concession agreement: Malami moves to avert another… ALSO READ: TICAD 7 shows no nation wants to do business with Buhari ― PDP It further said: “Each passing day, our nation is jolted by the shocking news of avoidable violence, mindless killings, preventable bloodlettings, loss of breadwinners and murder of promising citizens. Indeed, this is not the way to go. “Our party notes as saddening that under President Buhari, who promised to lead from the front, only to withdraw to the safety of Aso Rock, Nigerians can no longer move freely around their country as insecurity pervades on all fronts.” The PDP lamented that instead of seeking help and yielding to competent and patriotic counsel from well-meaning Nigerians, the Buhari Presidency has remained heavy on propaganda and false performance indices. The statement said the PDP, as a party, “immensely commends the sacrifices of our gallant troops who are risking their lives in the front to secure other citizens. Nigerians indeed appreciate their sacrifices at this trying time in our national history.” The party called on Nigerians to be more alert and prayerful; continue to be their brother’s keepers and remain steadfast “in the collective quest to retrieve the stolen Presidential mandate at the court as the only option to pull our nation out of the woods in which it was plunged by the Buhari administration.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...