Governorship candidate of Bayelsa State chapter of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Douye Diri, has commended the efforts of other aspirants who he said gave their best shot for the ticket, pointing out that his victory was a collective one while enjoining them as true party men to stand with him to ensure that the project on hand became a reality. Siri gave this commendation on Wednesday in a release issued by his campaign organisation, copy of which was made available to newsmen in Lagos, saying he was humbled by the show of support from the state governor, Mr Henry Seriake Dickson, the party leadership, the delegates, among others. ALSO READ: 2.7m notebooks ready for distribution in Oyo ― Education Commissioner “We acknowledge the efforts of other aspirants who gave their best shot for the ticket. Our victory is a collective one so we enjoin them as true party men to stand with us as we move closer to making this project a reality,” the PDP governorship candidate said. #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Botswana issues travel warning Spain’s missing Olympic medalist found dead #XenophobiaInSouthAfrica: Air Peace offers to evacuate… Oyo speaker charges corps members on positive use of… Siri, while acknowledging the support given by the state governor, expressed his heartfelt gratitude to him, saying he had displayed uncommon political leadership and sagacity. “Our heartfelt gratitude also goes to our amiable leader, His Excellency the Honourable Henry Seriake Dickson, Governor of Bayelsa State for his display of uncommon political leadership and sagacity,” the PDP standard-bearer said, just as he also applauded the party national leadership and the Governor Darius Ishaku led committee “for a job well done, especially for allowing a level playing field.” Senator Siri, who also appreciated women and youths and Bayelsans generally for their support, prayers and wise counsel since the journey started, disclosed that he would soon storm communities across the eight local government areas in the state to present to the people what he was “bringing to the table in the next four years.” According to him, “It is going to be an interesting voyage as we intend to use the opportunity to discuss facts on competence, the prosperity of our people and stable governance as a whole.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Earn up to N50,000 weekly with RIDA HERBAL BITTERS. CLICK HERE...