Organisers of the Design Fashion Africa has revealed that six fashion designers are now close to their dreams as they inch closer to the final showdown of the ongoing fashion competition. The young designers, who were part of the DFA online design challenge, had their entries reviewed by a panel of celebrity judges and will now join the DFA Fashion Academy, where they will receive training from some of Africa’s best designers. Design Fashion Africa had launched on the September 3, with the goal of showcasing more young upcoming fashion designers to the rest of the world and help them commercialise their craft. Following a launch teaser video and an official announcement, the organising team received over 1000 entries from across Nigeria. While there was some public voting for best designs, a panel had to sit through and vet all the entries to pick the very best designs from the lot, narrowing all applications to less than 1 percent. At the event hosted at the Eko Hotel & Suites, two designers were eliminated. The experience garnered while working with seasoned fashion veterans will offer them an immense boost in their careers. Tiger Beer re-launches with ‘Uncage Party’ Nollywood: Bringing trust and accountability to enterprise #BBNaija19: Tacha kicked out over fight with housemate Crisis looms in Ondo community over traditional festival However, the remaining six designers will undergo a three-day Bootcamp, which will feature a fashion academy on the first day, a marketplace on the second and round up with a live fashion show on the final day. The fashion academy will feature training from some of the best in the fashion business in Africa such as Mai Atafo. The marketplace and live runway show are more focused on the primary goal of the DFA initiative which is to showcase these designers to everyone. Each finalist will get the opportunity to have their outfits on the runway along with other established designers from across Africa. The marketplace will be a sales point for other designers with unique outfit designs and fashion accessories to drive sales to guests at the event.  Design Fashion Africa opens on the October 3and will come to an end with the live fashion show, at Eko Hotels on October 5. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.