The Nigerian Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC) has reduced the cost of 2019 general pilgrimage to Israel from N731, 000 to N715,000. The acting executive secretary of the commission, Esther Kwaghe, disclosed this on Friday in Abuja during the signing of agreement with air carriers and ground handlers for the 2019 general pilgrimage exercise. “This year’s cost of pilgrimage to Israel has been reviewed downward to N715,000 and this is the effort of the chairman of the commission.” “After yesterday’s final negotiation of terms of contract for the 2019 pilgrimage exercise.  I am happy that all of us have agreed on the terms and conditions that will govern this year’s pilgrimage. We are therefore here this afternoon to sign in line with due process of the Bureau of Public Procurement (BPP) requirements,” he said. The acting executive secretary while urging the service providers not to renege on the agreements of the contracts, also tasked them on safety of the pilgrims and value for money. “While thanking the air carrier and ground handlers, I urge you to be faithful in keeping to the latest and terms of the contracts. I assure you that we will keep to our own terms and do our best to meet up with the obligations,” she stated. Outrage as police invade church in Ondo, dig altar Also speaking, the chairman of the commission, Yomi Kasali, said that the decision to reduce the price was due to appeal by the conference of states and other stakeholders. M/East to realise tourism market value  of $133.6bn by 2028,… Uganda to showcase top tourist attractions at Akwaaba Runsewe lauds Air Peace boss for rescuing stranded Nigerians… NCAC takes cultural fabric promotion to next level He noted that the commission also considered harsh economic situations in the country and demands by many Nigerians to participate in the spiritual exercise. Kasali said “We are just responding as a board to the plea of our stakeholders. The 36 state chairmen met with us and pleaded again that we should review this price downward,” he said. He said Nigerian pilgrims should expect deep spiritual excellence as the commission is working round the clock to serve them better and ensure that they get value for their money. The chairman assured that all the technical lapses that were experienced during the Easter pilgrimage would be addressed. He added that it had nothing to do with lack of planning on the part of the commission. Kasali asked the air carriers and ground handlers to treat the Nigerians with respect and dignity during the pilgrimage exercise in the holy land. He said he would not hesitate to show any service provider who is trying to compromise the standard the way out. Responding on behalf of service providers, Executive Director AtlasJet Nigeria Ltd, Ercument Filiz assured the commission of their commitment to provide outstanding services in this year exercise. Some of the service providers present at the event includes; Tabar Tours, Tailor Made Tours, AtlasJet Nigeria, Ophir Tours, Hadur Travel among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!