The vibrancy  of a resort centre does not lie in its ability to maintain  old facilities alone but in innovative adaption  and blending of contemporaneous ideas and facilities  to keep guests coming and guessing. This fecund business axiom is being bountifully displayed by Ambassador Wanle Akinboboye at his La Campagne Tropicana Beach Resort, Ikegun Village, Ibeju Lekki, Lagos where creative instinct is being interplayed with innovative necessity. La Campagne Tropicana Beach Resort which has bagged ‘The Most Innovative Resort in West–Africa’ for three consecutive years has again in its strides and glides planted  another sightseeing and wonderful concept within the resort. Ambassador Akinboboye has again exhibited his agrarian ingenuity and robust creativity into turning the mud house called ‘Amosan’ in an El Doraldo of luxury and splendour with exquisite facilities befitting only for those who have the urge for extreme pleasure and taste for utmost comfort. Abuja Carnival to hold November 23 Amaechi, Mohammed, FRSC AIB for second transport, tourism… Commissioner endorses Ekiti Mountain Hike project Ooni narrates histories behind 401 tourists’ sites in… ‘Amosun’, a  house built with mud on the Anago Drive  on the verge of the ecotourism enclave of the resort, is a strong proclamation of the fact that African culture and its elements are unique and should not be jettisoned; but instead, we take advantage of our culture in order to have an advantage over other cultures. The mud house is the first of its kind in the world with exquisite facilities which include an indoor swimming pool set to give the occupiers the advantage of watching African monkeys jumping across the branches and through foliages of trees. It is a bulletproof building guaranteed by the naturalness of the mud with self-regulating temperatures, a dining table built around four living tree trunks with tree trunk as seats, and four–bedroom cosmopolitan African decor. Amosan, has been described as “a wonderful house where creativity is brought to bear on  a mud house to showcase that Africa has what it takes to liberate itself from the shackles of mental slavery.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...