Gombe State Governor Alhaji Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has assented into law, the 2020 budget tagged ‘Budget of Change’ recently passed by the State House of Assembly with an assurance that the sectoral allocations will be monitored to ensure compliance by concerned MDAs. The 2020 budget which amounts to the sum of N130.83 billion has N71.04bn for capital expenditure while N59.78 billion is for recurrent expenditure. Speaking shortly after signing the Act, Inuwa Yahaya expressed confidence that the budget will bring the desired change to meet the yearnings and aspirations of the people of the state, in line with government’s next level agenda. While praising the State House of Assembly for the expeditious consideration and passage of the budget, the governor assured of logical implementation to ensure that the people enjoy the dividends of democracy through good governance. ALSO READ: Tambuwal signs 2020 budget, commends opposition-controlled Assembly for quick passage He said, “with the passage and signing into law of the 2020 budget, the onus now lies on us to live up to expectation and justify the confidence reposed in us by the people. This time around no excuse will be tolerated because the budget so passed and assented to belongs to us.” The governor observed that this was the first time the state will involve the public in the budget process through a town hall engagement with stakeholders before presentation to the executive council and laying before the house for legislative scrutiny and eventual passage. He commended the state Ministry of Finance as well as the office of the Special Adviser, Budget, Planning and Development Partners Coordination for playing vital roles throughout the budget process. Earlier speaking the Speaker of the Gombe State House of Assembly, Hon. Abubakar Sadiq Kurba, said the Assembly is delighted and proud with the performance of Governor Yahaya and will continue to cooperate with the APC administration to bequeath a Gombe where the upcoming generation will be proud of as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity to the governor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!