Ondo State Governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu has sought for spiritual support for his administration to ensure the success of his developmental projects and programmes in the state. Akeredolu made the call during the annual Christmas Carol organised by the state government at the DOME at Alagbaka, Akure, the state capital. The governor who stressed the need for prayers to support leaders in order to be successful in the task of taking care of the people, saying leaders at the helm of affairs need to implement people-oriented programmes with support from the people. He promised that his government would not play politics with the welfare of the people, while he assured that any of his projects initiated would be meant for the people irrespective of their political leaning. ALSO READ: Only true federalism can solve Nigeria’s problems ― Alaafin Missing child: Akeredolu  appeals for calm UPDATE: Mob sets church on fire, kills policeman over… Akeredolu urges corps members to be security conscious BREAKING: Mob sets church on fire, kills policeman over… The carol, which saw different choir groups from the three senatorial districts of the state perform, was unique as most of the groups rendered their carols in their traditional tunes. Rt. Rev. Dr Stephen Ayodeji Fagbemi, Bishop of Owo Anglican Diocese, charged the government to be open and fair to all. He noted that the Federal Government had not been courageous enough to tackle the series of problems in the nation. He lampooned advocates of hate speech calling death sentence for anyone found guilty, querying what would be the fate of Boko Haram insurgents. Bishop Fagbemi charged the government to go extra miles to bring hope to the masses, suggesting that Local Government administration needed to be renewed for people at the grassroots to feel the presence of government. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!