Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, at the weekend reassured Lagosians of his administration’s commitment to rid the state of traffic gridlock. The governor gave the assurance while inspecting the removal of 2nd Lekki roundabout as part of Junction improvements for the free flow of vehicular movements along the Lekki corridors. The state government has embarked on the removal of some roundabouts identified as the major causes of traffic gridlock being experienced by motorists, with four roundabouts listed in the exercise aimed at paving way for expansion and free flow of traffic. They include Ikotun, 2nd roundabout on the Lekki-Epe Expressway, Allen Avenue roundabout and Maryland. The government, through the Ministry of Transportation, said the removal of some roundabouts and street furniture such as giant billboards will give room for road expansion and strategically ease off traffic congestion in some parts of the metropolis. Dangote Cement to buy back shares Equities market defies Xmas holidays, sustains loss at 0.41%… Nigerian Tribune bags DAME’s Lifetime Achievement… Meet ‘The Soft One’, qualified to satisfy you Governor Sanwo-Olu, while at the project site, encouraged the contractors handling the projects to keep up with the current pace of work so as to ensure its completion in record time. Also, Governor Sanwo-Olu visited the Lekki coastal roads to ascertain the level of work done by men of the State’s Environmental Task Force, who had gone earlier to clean up the illegal structures built on the right of way. ALSO READ: Governor Bala Mohammed’s initiatives eases way of doing business in Bauchi ― Bibi The governor, who felt satisfied with the work done by the Task Force, said that government would immediately move in and start work in the area to avoid further encroachment and illegal occupation of the large expanse of land. Last week, the State’s Commissioner for Transportation, Dr Fredrick Oladeinde, who accompanied Governor Sanwo-Olu to inspect the Lekki project, described the decision to improve the junctions as a strategic repositioning of the roads to ease traffic congestion. He recalled that the government started off through discovery of 60 traffic gridlocks junctions and areas across the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!