President Muhammadu Buhari has affirmed that terrorism remains a major threat to the peace and development of the West African , blaming Libya for the insecurity in the sub-region. In his opening address at the 56th Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Authority Heads of State and Government in Abuja on Saturday, Buhari said the recurrent terror groups were a reminder of the need to build enduring security partnership. He noted the recent massacre of 33 soldiers by insurgents in Niger Republic and assured that Nigeria stood in solidarity with its neighbour. President Buhari said: “It is always gratifying when our regional bloc comes together in the determination to advance our agenda for regional integration and promote the socioeconomic development of our sub-region. “Terrorrism remains the major threat to the peace and progress of our region. Recurring attempts by terrorist groups remind us of the urgency to build an enduring security partnership to confront and defeat the evil of cross-border terrorism. “It was with great shock and immense pain that I received the news of the tragedy last week in the Tilabari Region of Niger Republic, where over 33 valiant soldiers and other citizens of the country were brutally massacred in yet another cowardly terrorist attack by these enemies of peace and progress. “Let me now restate Nigeria’s commitment to regional integration and stress the need to always channel our energies towards realising new strategies and initiatives, which will accelerate the attainment of our regional aspirations for sustainable peace, security, stability and inclusive economic growth. To achieve these, we must put our people at the heart of our policies,” the president stated. Also speaking during a bilateral meeting with the President of Cote d’Ivoire, Dr.Alhassan Ouattara, President Buhari pointed out that instability in Libya was a recurring threat to the Sahel and sub-Saharan Africa, expressing concern over the growing effect of the crisis on many lives. He noted that the crisis in Libya had perpetuated instability in the west coast, with many of the trained fighters in the country now surviving on violent crimes and terrorism. He expressed happiness that neighbouring countries were supporting Nigeria in tackling the menace of the fighters who have teamed up with Boko Haram, adding that there was a need to do more by West African countries, both under the ECOWAS platform and at bilateral levels. ‘In 20 years, Nigeria hasn’t made tangible progress in… Makinde and the principle of reciprocity Christmas: Church leaders preach hope, love among… Christmas without chicken In his remarks, President Ouattara said he came to brief the Nigerian leader on progress of the ECOWAS mandate given to him to negotiate exit of Francophone West African countries from their currency union with France and European Union. The Ivorian president said he was pleased to report that he received the full support of the French government, under President Emmanuel Macron, and that the West African States were free to leave the union and join the “Eco”, the new currency designated for the West Coast. At another bilateral meeting with the President of Sierra Leone, Julius Maada Bio, President Buhari said he was impressed with the ongoing efforts of the administration to secure and stabilize the country. ‘I am happy that your policies and plans are holding on. I assure you that we will continue to support you. A problem in the neighbourhood is our problem. I will keep in touch with our officials to see how we can support,’’ he said. Earlier in his remarks, the President of Sierra Leone recalled the level of cooperation between his country and Nigeria, appreciating President Buhari for various forms of support to his country, including provision of teachers, nurses, technicians and engineers. He said more support was needed in the economic sector to ease the growing hardship among lower segments of the country’s population. At a bilateral with President Roch Marc Christian Kaboré of Burkina Faso, President Buhari commended the country’s leader for sustaining investment in infrastructure in spite of distractions from terrorists. President Buhari and President Kaboré agreed to convene a meeting of the two states to discuss in greater detail issues pertaining to security and economy. Describing Nigeria as a “power house that drives economic growth and development in the region,” President Kaboré said his country had high expectations of their “excellent relations” with Nigeria. President Buhari also had a meeting with Liberian President, George MannehOppongWeah and  President of Benin, Patrice Talon, at the ECOWAS summit. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!