Four weeks after the disappearance or kidnap of a one year old boy, Gold Kolawole, who got missing in a Church, Sotitobire Prayer University, the Ondo State Police Command said the detectives from the command are still investigating the incident. The State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Mr. Femi Joseph, who stated this said the command had been working round the clock to ensure the release of the one year old boy. He disclosed that the command had invited and interrogated those concerned over the disappearance of the boy during a church service some four sundays ago. He said the General Overseer of the church, Babatunde Alfa, the children’s teachers, ushers and parents of the missing boy, have been invited by the police. Meanwhile, a human rights group , under the auspices of the Sunshine for Integrity and Justice has frowned over the way police was handling the matter. In a statement by the coordinator of the group, Mr. Odion Mathew alleged the state police command of being lackadaisical in its investigation into the matter. The statement read “It would be a thing of shame and ineptitude for the Ondo State Police Command not to have taken any serious step on the matter. A whole human being was missing, not an object and the police seem to have kept quiet about it, it is unfortunate. ALSO READ: Nasarawa lawmaker urges students to shun examination malpractice ” For over three weeks, nobody has been arrested nor interrogated among the care givers in the church, under whose care the boy was missing. DSS abduction of Sowore in Court barbaric, contempt of court… APC not at risk of losing Edo ― Oshiomhole Sowore: DSS is a monster that may consume all of us ―… Ebonyi govt places ban on sell, use of fireworks ” How could a boy got missing among many children at the juvenile section of the church and the police is keeping quiet? This is not good enough for a country like Nigeria. We believe we are not in a jungle. So the police must act on this matter. “The perceived silence of the police on the matter, and the experience in the past in this country is luring one to believe that there is an attempt to let the matter suffer a natural death. ” He called on the Inspector General of Police Mr Mohammed Adamu to order for a full investigation into the matter . But Joseph denied that police was foot dragging on the case of the missing boy after three weeks and said “lt is not when police arrest people indiscriminately that you know that we are working. ” The Commissioner of Police invited all those concerned including the General Overseer of the church, the children’s teachers, ushers and parents of the missing boy. “They were drilled personally by the state police commissioner for over three hours. So the allegation that we ate not doing anything is fat from been true. ” The matter had been handed over to the Criminal Investigative Department for proper investigation by the commissioner for further investigation. “Police is no magician, we are sad about the incident and would unravel those behind the kidnap of the boy during the church service. “We are digging deep into the mystery surrounding the disappearance of the boy and l wasn’t yo assure you that we will cone up with the fact and will make is open to the public” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!