The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has observed that the public outburst by First Lady, Aisha Buhari, against presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu, is “another sad commentary that further exposes President Muhammadu Buhari’s incompetence and why government has failed in his hands.” In a statement issued in Abuja by Kola Ologbondiyan, the National Publicity Secretary, the party said the development has also exposed President Buhari’s failure to lead and enforce an organized governance structure, and that the governance of our nation has been ceded to the chaotic and selfish whims of a cabal. It added: “It is indeed appalling that under President Buhari, our once productive and highly organized Presidency has been bastardized and reduced to Kunle Bamtefa’s soap opera, Fuji House of Commotion. ALSO READ: Court sacks Obalufe, orders Ooni to install Elugbuji within 21 days Sanwo-Olu seeks collaboration with private sector to revamp… 84 women graduate from INTELS WEPSS program Court sacks Obalufe, orders Ooni to install Elugbuji within… Reps summon Ministers of Power, Labour over Power sector… “Instead of governance, the Buhari Presidency has continued to serve Nigerians and the international community with tragicomedies that make mockery of leadership. “Nigerians can now further see why nothing works under the Buhari Presidency; why the administration has remained shambolic and plagued with policy summersaults and executive recklessness; why our economy has remained comatose and why our nation has been dangerously drifting to the brinks under President Buhari’s watch. “Indeed, the Buhari Presidency has proven to be a huge national embarrassment and a big problem for our nation. “Never in the history of our nation has the office, essence and symbol of Nigeria’s Presidency been so stripped and ridiculed.” The PDP urged President Buhari to “immediately put his house in order and save the nation further embarrassments under his very incompetent, disorderly and messy regime.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!