THE Kano State Executive Council has approved a new bill, Emirate Council Bill 2019, which provides for the establishment of additional Emirates in the state, a copy of which has been forwarded to the State Assembly for passage. This is just as the council endorsed the establishment of four new Emirates including Rano, Gaya, Bichi and Karaye. Tribune Online recalls that a Kano High Court presided over by Justice Usman Na’Abba on November 21 nullified the establishment of the four emirates created in May 2019 saying the State House of Assembly did not follow due process in creating the emirates. According to Justice Na’Abba ruled that the Kano State House of Assembly violated section 101 of the Nigerian Constitution which gives the Assembly the power to enact its rules and guidelines of proceedings. Justice Na’Abba further ruled that the Kano Assembly’s rules and regulations have to be in conformity with the Nigerian Constitution. ALSO READ: Diah congratulates new Speaker, says I’m committed to Taraba’s peaceful coexistence However, according to a press statement issued on Monday by the commissioner for Information, Malam Muhammad Garba at the end of the council session held at the Council Chambers, Government House, Kano, the Council hinted that some of these emirates have even pre-dated Kano in ancient times, while the effort to revive them during the Second Republic was short-lived. The commissioner said the Emirate Council Bill 2019 was amended in the public interest following a Kano High Court action that nullified the law on the ground that the petition was presented to the Assembly by a private person not a member of the House. The Council, according to the statement, therefore, called on the state Assembly to expedite action on the passage of the Bill in the interest of the public. The commissioner disclosed that the Council seriously discussed the decade-long clamour for the establishment of additional Emirates in the state with a view to bringing more development to the people in the new Emirates. The exercise was also informed by the need to bring the traditional institution closer to the people in addition to facilitating speedy socio-economic development and security in the state. Comrade Garba further disclosed that the introduction of the free and compulsory education at basic and secondary levels requires the active participation of the community especially the traditional institutions for its successful implementation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!