As part of efforts to block leakages in the management of the state’s resources and boost the economy to be able to deliver campaign promises, Bauchi State Government is to deploy the use of ICT in the act of governance at all levels. Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed gave the indication when he hosted officials of Microsoft Nigeria on an interactive session held at the Government House Bauchi on Wednesday saying that with technological trends in the world now, that cannot afford to be left behind. The Governor said that his administration deemed it necessary to seek for partnership with experts in the ICT sector in order to enhance and effectively manage the resources at the disposal of the government. ALSO READ: Minimum wage: Jigawa to commence payment in December He also expressed concern over the leakages in the state’s payroll and internally generated revenue, and therefore solicited for the support of the Microsoft Nigeria to use technology to assist the state in blocking all areas of the leakages. Multiple accidents claim 6 lives, 24 injured in Bauchi Seriake commends Bauchi governor for positive beginning Bauchi government assures people with disabilities of… I didn’t sleep because of Appeal Court judgment ―… According to him, “blocking leakages in critical sectors will assist our administration to use the resources available to invest in Health, Education, agriculture and infrastructure development among others to facilitate human capital development. While recalling the support given by the organisation to some states of the federation to manage their database, Bala Mohammed sought their support in order to ensure accurate data storage in the state. While responding to the governor, the leader of the Microsoft Nigeria, Mr Bayo Awayo said the organisation will assist the state government to ensure productivity and efficiency of the workforce of the state. The team leader also assured the Governor of the Company’s support to his administration aimed at blocking leakages in governance, land system management and internally generated revenue tracking. He then assured that as soon as all modalities were completed, his organisation will mobilise to Bauchi and commerce work calling for an enabling environment to enable his organisation to perform. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!