The NASFAT Agency for Zakat and Sadaqat (NAZAS), an arm of the Nasrul-Lahi-L-Fatih Society of Nigeria (NASFAT), has empowered widows, debtors and youths. The group also added five imams to the 12 that already benefitted from the NAZAS Imam Health Scheme. At the third public disbursement held in Lagos, NAZAS General Manager, Alhaji Muftau Adelotan, said over N3 million was given out to deserving beneficiaries. The event also featured free medical services. Adelotan described the widows as special beings who need special attention. “We should always try and assist widows and orphans because Allah sees them as those who are in the wilderness without any helper. If we can assist these people in our community, the number of those lacking necessities of life will be reduced,” he said. 1,616 civil servants sit for promotion exams in Bauchi DSS abduction of Sowore in Court barbaric, contempt of court… APC not at risk of losing Edo ― Oshiomhole Missing Boy: We are still investigating ― Ondo police He likened those who are in debt to people living in bondage. Islam, he said, “teaches us to relief those who are under burden, bondage or you can term them as somebody who are in slavery because once you are owing somebody, that person might have given you some conditions that you have to abide by and these conditions might even be hindering your success. But if we assist to bring them out of that debt, they will be able to have focus and their minds will be at rest.” Adelotan advised students given scholarship to focus on their academic caeers. “Very few have this opportunity that we have given you. Some people don’t even have the means to even come to us to apply, not to talk being opportune to benefit from our scholarship. You should be good students and excel in your academics to secure good employment after graduation,” he said. He urged the beneficiaries to use the funds and equipment judiciously. A beneficiary, who got a grinding machine, Mrs Mulika Bello, told newsmen that the equipment would improve her business. “I have four children and catering for them with my small business is taxing. With this machine, I can make more money to take care of them. May God assist those who pay zakat. This zakat institution will never perish, by God’s grace; it will continue to prosper,” she said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!