Nasarawa State Governor, Engr. Abdullahi Sule has on Wednesday presented the 2020 budget proposal of N100.52 billion to the state House of Assembly for consideration and approval. The speaker of the house, RT.HON. Ibrahim Balarabe-Abdullahi, while receiving the budget assured the state government of speedy passage of the budget to enable people of the state benefits from dividends of democracy. Sule who tagged the budget as ” Budget of Inclusive Development ” said his administration policy is anchored on transparency, accountability and prudence for the overall development of the state and the country at large. The governor assured the assembly of full implementation of the budget if finally passed into law for the benefit of the people of the state. ALSO READ: Nigeria is now experiencing civilian coup d’etat ― Seriake Dickson “I hereby present the 2020 appropriation bill of N100,519,956,857 to you for your consideration and approval. “A total of N56,733, 129, 610billion of the budget is earmarked for Recurrent expenditure while N43,786,827,247 of the total budget is earmarked as Capital Expenditure for the year 2020,” he said. PTA advocates law compelling govt officials to patronise… NSCDC arrests man for attempting to sell son for N5m in… Woman in court for allegedly sending snake to neighbour’s… Mix feelings trail Labour’s minimum wage adjustment in… Sule assured the people of the state that the budget will be used to complete all ongoing projects, provision of social services, youths empowerment programmes among others for the benefits of the people of the state. He said that his administration would also create an enabling environment for business and other activities to thrive in the state. The governor called on the members to give the budget proposal speedy passage to enable the state government executes developmental projects across the state. The speaker, therefore, assured the state government of the House readiness to do justice to the budget for the overall development of the state. “I, therefore, call on all govt, agencies, ministries and parastatals MDAs to cooperate with the assembly so that this budget will be pass in the shortest possible time,” He said, The speaker also told the governor of their continued commitment to partner with the executive arm in order to take the state to the next level of development. It was gathered that education, Science and ICT got the lion share of N26.3billion while infrastructure and works followed with N18billion, Government and General Administration got N16.81billion, Finance, Investment and Trade N11billion while Health sector got N9.7billion as Agriculture and Water Resources comes behind with N2.44billion SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!