Aareonakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams, has said that the new Local Government Bill will enhance the development at the grassroots, pointing out that the current arrangements had only made the local governments lose their relevance. Adams said this on Wednesday while speaking in Ikorodu, Lagos, during the 2019 Edition of Ogun Festival, even as he affirmed his beliefs in the autonomy of the local governments across the country. According to Aare Onakakanfo, the new arrangement will boost infrastructure and bring about healthy relationship and competition that will later translate to the overall development of the entire state. “Within the purview of my position as the Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, I think the newly amended bill for local governments autonomy is a welcomed development. Before the new development, the local governments across the country have lost their relevance. ALSO READ:  BREAKING: Disloyal Garba Shehu meddling in my affairs, he has gone… “But the new bill really raised the hope of the people at the grassroots. As far as I am concerned, I know the bill will surely expose the potentials of the local governments by bringing development to the grassroots,” he said. Adams insisted that there are a lot of potentials at the grassroots, especially, with young politicians emerging from the grassroots, warning that state governments should not feel threatened by this development because the glory of all the development coming from the local governments was surely theirs. Insecurity: Gani Adams drums up support for Lagos CP, pays… Insecurity: IG’s resolve to partner OPC laudable ―… OPC formally honours Awolowo, others with Award as heroes of… UPDATE: Gani Adams can’t honour Fasehun ― OPC “Local government remains the closest to the people and the people will surely feel the impacts with emerging young and brilliant politicians coming up for elective positions. “Happily, the bill will reduce the idea of political godfatherism and will also open up the political space for independent candidates. This is an opportunity for young politicians that had suffered political loneliness in the hands of political leaders,” he said. The representative of Ikorodu monarch, and Chairman Council of Baale in Ikorodu, Chief Odusoga, expressed worries at the pace by which the Yoruba culture and tradition was going into extinction, saying those values were the traits that made the Yoruba race the pride of all races. Odusoga gave glory to God for making Aare Adams as the torchbearer for cultural transformation, said the Aare Onakakanfo had been doing a yeoman’s job and providing a platform like this to promote the cultural identity of the Yoruba race. “Therefore, I urge all Yoruba sons and daughters from across the country to support him in members,” he said. Chairman of the occasion, Chief Abiola Olowu, extolled the chief promoter of Olokun Festival Foundation(OFF) for his financial and other commitments to the project, adding the best could be done by raising the bar in Festival celebration. He charged all the guests to support Aare in his quest to liberate the Yoruba race. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!