The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has said the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) won’t rig the December 7 local government election in the state. Fayemi directed the State Independent Electoral Commission (SIEC) to do everything possible so as to allow the votes of the people to count. The Governor spoke in Ado Ekiti on Wednesday at the APC’s mega rally to drum support for the 16 Chairmanship and 177 councilorship candidates presented by the party for Saturday’s poll. Fayemi, represented by his Deputy, Chief Bisi Egbeyemi, said, “Don’t worry, we have worked hard for this election and I know APC will win. We are not going to rig election. It is going to be free and fair and we shall be happy after the whole thing. The SIEC will be given free hands to do what is just and right.” Presenting flags to the candidates, the APC chairman in Ekiti, Mr Paul Omotoso, said the party has worked hard by taking the campaign to all the nook and cranny of the state to mobilise support for the candidates. APC sweeps 22 chairmanship positions in Niger Lawal Idirisu retains rep seat in Ajaokuta rerun election Zamfara APC cautions social media supporters against hate… I want justice for my mother ― daughter of Kogi PDP woman… ALSO READ: Bauchi to use ICT to block revenue leakages Omotoso warned party members against betraying the APC in some wards and local government, saying perpetrators of such anti-party activity would end up destroying themselves. “We visited the markets and farmsteads to canvass for votes. We have done our home works and we are sure of victory in this election. “We are going to win all the 16 chairmanship and councilorship seats. We are still going to campaign till Thursday, don’t rest until the last minute. The APC is not known for violence. We are going to use this election to bury the People’s Democratic Party in this state. We will show through the votes that we are on the ground . “Don’t betray APC, don’t work for PDP, if you do, you are killing yourselves, so I urge all of you to forget whatever grievances you have, because I know there are crises in some areas. Work for our candidates as loyal party men and women. “Governor Fayemi has worked hard and delivered on his campaign promises. We are relying on this to win elections. It is not in our character to rig elections and this Saturday’s won’t be an exemption,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!