The Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Osogbo, Most Reverend John Akin Oyejola on Saturday charged Nigerians to exhibit kindness and provide assistance to the needy in the society. Oyejola, who gave the charge while delivering his sermon during the 2019 Diocesan harvest thanksgiving at St. Nicholas Pro-Cathedral, Otan Ayegbaju, Osun State, said it was imperative to lend a helping hand to the poor and the vulnerable individuals by wealthy people in the country. Describing harvest as not only supplying the needs of the Lord’s people, the clergy implored all and sundry to show kindness to the less privileged in their environment. According to Oyejola: “Harvest period is the time people count blessings and show appreciation. During the harvest period, people bring little out of the many good things God has done for them in grateful acknowledgement of His goodness to them.” Why we launch ‘Operation Buje Ekun’ in South… Counter-Terrorism: Oyetola commends NAF over Operation Buje… Three killed as Yoruba, Hausa clash in Osun mining community Two boys die as motorcycle plunges into river in Osun ALSO READ: 74 bag first class as UniJos graduates 11,431 students He stated: “We come together as a family of Catholic Diocese of Osogbo to give thank to God and we decide to do something tangible to show our gathering together and that is kind of the N350million project of our pastoral centre. “The pastoral centre that we are trying to develop is a place of human information through seminar and workshops. The centre is open for religious, intellectual and civic information. “The proceeds of this harvest shall be expended on the thirty six-room suites and two-storey building started at our pastoral centre in Ede. The goal of starting the diocesan harvest three years ago is towards the building of befitting and convenient structures at our pastoral centre Ede Osun State.” Dignitaries, who attended the harvest thanksgiving service included the former deputy governor in Osun State, Senator, Iyiola Omisore who was chairman of the 2019 harvest, the Commissioner for Youths and Sports in Osun State, Mr Yemi Lawal, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!