When last did you change the password to your email address?  Why did you choose to use one password for all your social media accounts and emails? The world is moving fast to the digital technology and everybody wants to share some great moments with their audience around the world and network. Gone are the days when cyber café was a safe haven for everyone to reach out to their loved ones around the world. There were few dating sites and nothing like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and others. I remember vividly whenever you wanted to check your mail; you would need to tell your loved ones that you were going to check your mail. Those days, people strongly believed that anyone that went to the cybercafé had important information to share internationally. Few years later, some bad guys turned the most useful things about the cyber experience into cybercrime.  That’s why till today, people will call those going to café Yahoo Boys. They have made it look like internet has done more harmful things to us than good but benefits of internet are many; easy communication, data sharing, online shopping, online banking, meeting new friends, international conference accessibilities, etc. Though there are disadvantages like theft, cybercrime, fraud, kidnapping and data loss, it is because your data is not secure. Even, with latest devices being provided by the manufacturers, people’s data are still not secured; ineffective password safety, internet protection, email protection, and other preventive measures coupled with human error via loss or stolen devices all contribute to cyber insecurity. Why Lagos Airport is yet to be certificated —NCAA Pakute politics in Oyo State Expert says eating adequate proportion of onions can control… The ‘Ochadamu murder’ Also, devices get infected by clicking malicious links in email or downloading other apps that are camouflages of real apps. What you need to protect your social media accounts and emails is to be conscious of what you share and use strong passwords. Example of a strong password is L@g05 and you’re expected to change your password every 90 days to curb data breaches.  Using two-face authentication for all your social media account will make all your account to be safe. Email is most important account needing protection, because if someone gains access to your email, they can utilize the password reset function to gain access to other services. Before entering sensitive information, check to see if the site is secured by HTTPS. Check to make sure this is a reputable website before entering credit card information; don’t just depend on the HTTPS indicator. Don’t just click on any link you see online; don’t connect with unknown Wi-Fi, download all your mobile Apps from PlayStore or AppStore. Agboluaje Ridwan 08030599113 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!