It is not every day you attend a premiere of a movie and you get the bonus of a live concert, but when God is for something, what or who can be against it? Stepping Into Maggie’s Shoes (SIMS) is a fully gospel movie that is set to hit the box office in a new way soon, and the premiere, which took place at Lagos Oriental Hotel on Sunday, December 23 had in attendance stars from the film like Mike Abdul, Femi Jacobs, Eucharia Anunobi, Liz Ameye, Woli Agba, and a few others. Produced and written by Opeyemi Akintunde – a young passionate Christian belonging to the crop of new gospel actors,  SIMS is a first of its kind gospel movie directed by David Kola Okeowo. At the star-studded premiere of SIMS, not only was there a parade of glamorously clad celebrities and guests alike, attendees were treated to the best of gospel music and ministrations from top-notch gospel artistes that gave the event a spice. Leading the train of gospel music artistes were members of Midnight Crew, alongside the likes of Bidemi Olaoba, Beejay Sax, Nosa, and a few others. Personalities like Tope Alabi, Dr D K Olukoya and his wife, Pastor Folashade Olukoya; Iya Adura Esther Ajayi, Tonye Cole and a number of other men and women of God. We have lived  together too  long to  disintegrate —Pastor… I’m alive, Don Moen tweets How I became a prophet, started my ministry in the army… Cleric urges CAN leadership to wade into scandals in… SIMS passionately tells the story of a young wealthy Pastor who is desired by most of the single ladies in his congregation. The sudden loss of his previously unlettered, dumpy wife to suicide opens the doors to a new wife, many other sins, new challenges and a ministry in disarray. No one is left out of the charade of shame and greed as the characters in the movie mirror real-life situations, thereby making the movie a must-watch for everyone. ALSO READ: 9mobile, Nextsat TV set to transform media entertainment in exclusive new deal It teaches the lessons of greed and covetousness while portraying the path of goodness that brings salvation. Speaking on the film, Eucharia Aniunobi informed members of the media simply that “the most important lesson the movie teaches is that you must not be greedy. You will have to watch the film to understand.” Folorunso, also speaking at the premiere said she feels so elated and happy that everyone enjoyed the film. “This is probably the first of its kind. We are producing a Christian movie with content everyone can attest to, yet we’re doing it in such a relatable way. The most impressive thing is that all the leaders of churches came out to support this, and we couldn’t have had a better outing with all the bodies of Christ together. There’s nobody in Christendom that we invited that was not here today, and we have had up to 15 churches booking to have the film brought to their Church. We didn’t expect the turnout this way, we just wanted to do ours for Christ, and Christ blew it up for us.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!