President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday hosted Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and representatives of Federal Capital Territory residents led the minister, Mohammed Bello, as well as representatives of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) who visited the presidential villa, Abuja for the traditional Christmas homage. The president told them that the year 2019 has been a success in several ways. ‘‘We thank God. It has been a very successful year, relative to the composition of this country, both politically and ethnically,’’ he said in his remark at the occasion. Buhari assured Nigerians that the country’s resources will be judiciously used for the benefits of all. According to him, with the right infrastructure in place, Nigerians will not worry about who becomes the president or who is in government, In his remark, the Minister of FCT said they were in the presidential villa to pay Christmas homage and to thank President Buhari for the support given to the FCT. Patela Care Foundation celebrates Christmas at UCH’s… Tambuwal greets Christians at Christmas, preaches unity Merry Christmas to our esteemed readers Christmas: Buhari, Atiku, govs, CAN, ACF, others task… He said: “We thank God for bringing us this far, we started 2019 with a lot hope and a lot of challenges. “A year ago when we came, we had elections before us. We were faced with a lot of challenges from within and without from parties that never wished the nation well. ”By the grace of God campaigns were completed successfully, by the grace of God inauguration was done successfully, by the grace of God we celebrated June 12 as our new Democracy Day. “All these many people thought they could not have come to pass. By the grace of God the nineth Assembly was inaugurated and the leadership of the assembly were elected, by the grace of God the budget was passed and signed into law. All these we need to reflect and thank God for all we have been able to achieve under your able leadership. “The last six months of your inauguration has been remarkable.” The minister noted that despite the security challenges, Abuja has been relatively peaceful and he commended the security chiefs for a job well done. Speaking to State House correspondents after the homage, the Minister of Nigeria Delta, Senator Godswill Akpabio, said President Buhari deserved commendation from Nigerians for reviving the country’s infrastructure. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!