The Oyo state governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde has expressed his readiness to give more support to the Industrial Training Fund(ITF). This was disclosed by the governor during the 2019 Interactive Forum organized by the Industrial Training Fund (ITF) at Ibadan on Tuesday. The governor, who was represented by his Chief of staff, Mr Bisi Ilaka, lauded the Industrial training Fund towards the training given to the youths to reduce the massive unemployment in the country. In the course of encouraging organizations, the Ann plc publishers of the Tribune titles and some other organizations won a free survey intervention training program, for 10 members of staff. In a welcome address by the area manager of the Industrial training fund Ibadan, Mrs Mercy Oguntimehin spoke on the vision of ITF. While speaking on the essence of the program, she said it was organized to gather the clients who have been patronizing over the years to hear their feelings to know where they have not been doing well so and find a way of amending. ALSO READ: OAU to honour Rwandan president, 3 others She stressed further that it was organized to interact in an informal way outside their work schedules. According to her Industrial training Fund has been able to break in to the grass roots. “People know of the Industrial Training Fund because of the intervention programs taken up such as the National Industrial skills development program (NISDP) where people are trained on different skills unlike before where we have only the Industrial training program and the Students Industrial work experience scheme (SIWES) unlike now the ITF put on people ‘s table,” she said. The guest speaker, who is also the area manager of the Lagos office of ITF, Mr Ajibola Ladokun spoke on the topic ” Learning and development a tool for sustaining workplace culture ” He said it was meant to make the audience know the significant role culture plays in an organization topic. ” As learning and development professionals and managers when a person is coming into the world of work, it is necessary to make such person understand what culture exists in that organization, so that the person can be in tune with what is happening on in the organization, and also so that he or she won’t be in shock, understand what is existing and move from there”. While speaking on the topic Ladokun, described culture as the key elements in strategic change. he further added that it culture involves Rituals and Routines which are the ways we do things on a day to day basis. He, however, advised people on the need to be sensitive to their environment. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!