Last time we began talking about gratitude and ingratitude. We saw that gratitude is being appreciative of the benefits we have received and if we sit down to really think we will see we have every reason to be grateful. Gratitude should be a daily affair and as we wind up this year we must see the need to be grateful. Unfortunately in life there seems to be more ungrateful than grateful people. More people tend to complain of what is not happening than look and be grateful for what has happened or is happening. Ingratitude is usually the result of wrong perspective or a misreading of what is happening. “He is ungrateful who denies that he has received a kindness which has been bestowed upon him; he is ungrateful who conceals it; he is ungrateful who makes no return for it; most ungrateful of all is he who forgets it.” Seneca The Younger Both gratitude and ingratitude are our response to our perception of what what has been or has not been done to us. Ingratitude also has the same components as gratitude. Ingratitude is a lack of or an inappropriate acknowledgement of a benefit conferred and a consequent response channeled through three means. Ingratitude can be expressed through our emotions . We feel disappointed. We feel dejected. We get angry. We are sad. Ingratitude also gets expressed through our words – we complain, we murmur. We are displeased. Also ingratitude gets expressed in actions – withdrawal from people, fighting etc. ‘In 20 years, Nigeria hasn’t made tangible progress in… Makinde and the principle of reciprocity Christmas: Church leaders preach hope, love among… Christmas without chicken The value of our acknowledgement will determine the intensity and quality of the response elicited. Little value of the deed done will lead to a small response but great appreciation will always provoke immense gratitude. The level and depth of our ingratitude is commensurate to the value we place of what we think of our being denied or shortchanged. Ingratitude creates negativity. It creates an atmosphere that hinders possibilities. Most ungrateful people are pessimists. “None is more impoverished than the one who has no gratitude. Gratitude is a currency that we can mint for ourselves, and spend without fear of bankruptcy.” Fred De Witt Van Amburgh Ingratitude is wrong. “Ingratitude is a crime more despicable than revenge, which is only returning evil for evil, while ingratitude returns evil for good.” William George Jordan Ingratitude is dangerous. “People who bite the hand that feeds them usually lick the boot that kicks them.” Eric Hoffer Wrong thinking, wrong perspective and wrong attitude will always produce ingratitude while right thinking, right perspective and right attitude will always make us grateful. As we end the year let us count our blessings and be grateful. Things could have been worse but the fact that we still have life means there is hope. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!