A member of the House of Representatives, Honourable Wumi Ogunlola has denied insinuations that the ninth National Assembly is a rubber stamp, clarifying that not all requests from President Muhammadu Buhari are approved by the legislature. The lawmaker who represents Ekiti Central Constituency II noted that both arms of government must operate in an atmosphere of peace for the country to witness all development. Ogunlola, who stated this while speaking with Journalists in Ijero-Ekiti on Sunday explained that Nigerians must not access the performance of the National Assembly with the number of times they disagreed with the president rather their interventions geared towards the repositioning of the nation. The All Progressives Congress lawmaker said, ” I don’t think all that come to the National Assembly from the executive is approved, that is not correct. If you knew what they brought and what was given back to them, either reducing or adding to them, it wasn’t the same thing, in other words, it means some steps were talking by the National Assembly. ALSO READ: Revocation of land: Saraki draws battle line with Kwara gov “I want to believe that it is in peace that we can really forge ahead, it is not when we are at loggerheads and fighting. I think it is the media that believe that it’s until when you fight or when you disagree, that is when you are really playing politics or administering the government, whereas it is not. “It’s when we are at peace, that we can sort out things, that we can agree and have meetings of the mind, I want to break what the speaker said to mean -It is not when we fight that we can keep executives on their toes. It is not as if we don’t disagree, maybe at times, it is not open to you. Reps: PDP caucus laments over poor management of resources Terrorism remains major threat to West Africa – Buhari Rep Member, Agbo, to donate four-year salary to constituents Insecurity: Nigerian Navy demands for additional vessels “If we have misunderstood, there would always be a roundtable talk to forge ahead. The word ‘Rubber Stamp’ is a journalistic language.” While expressing displeasure over the low representation of women in leadership positions, she called for re-orientation of women folks across the country on the need for them to be visible and involve themselves in decision-making processes. ALSO READ: Edo APC crisis: 14 lawmakers may lose seats “As a result of the oppressive nature of men, women are not being given the privilege, this is somehow, most especially for some of us who have been privileged to be in a small position of authority. Things have not really changed, in fact, it’s retrogressing when it comes to representation, women are not being given the numbers they should be given either in the elective or appointment. “For instance, the time we used to complain of this, then at the National Assembly, we had over 20 per cent, but now, it’s zero points. In the Senate, we have 6, House of Representatives is 12. It’s unfortunate and absurd, especially when we compare it to other countries. “We can only hope and pray, that is the only solace. When efforts failed, normal thing is to resort to prayer,” she said. She assured members of her constituents her renewed determination to sponsor motions and bills in the new year that would enhance the socio-economic lives of the Constituency. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!