A coalition of 183 civil society groups under the aegis of Kano Civil Society Forum (KCSF) has rejected plan by some groups demanding for the dethronement of the Emir of Kano, Alhaji Muhammadu Sanusi, by the state governor, Abdullahi Ganduje. In a statement by its spokesperson, Alhaji Ibrahim Rano, which was made available to Sunday Tribune, the groups called for the immediate arrest of the man who was signatory to the letter, insisting that it was not part of any coalition demanding for the dethronement of the emir. It will be recalled that Governor Ganduje, through his Chief Press Secretary, Abba Anwar, on Thursday, confirmed receipt of a letter from a coalition of 35 civil society groups calling on him to dethrone the emir for alleged disloyalty. The statement had read “Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano State had received a letter from a coalition of 35 civil society groups urging him to, in the interest of protecting the sanctity of the rule of law to start the process of dethroning the emir.” ‘In 20 years, Nigeria hasn’t made tangible progress in… Makinde and the principle of reciprocity Christmas: Church leaders preach hope, love among… Christmas without chicken Reacting to the letter, Alhaji Rano described the letter as disheartening, saying it was sad that some people would claim to be acting on behalf of a coalition of civil society organisations in Kano State to call for the dethronement of the emir. He maintained that the group did not represent the true interest of the people of Kano. “Should the group genuinely represent the civil society organisations, they should have channeled their energy towards promoting peace and unity, promotion of good governance, socio-economic development, welfare and well-being of the people of Kano. “We want to categorically lay bare and detach ‘Kano Civil Society Forum’ from the position of this unregistered, faceless and quack organisation which showed from the content of their statement to be unskilled and anti-peace,” the group said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!