The first executive governor of Edo State and former national chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, has assured Governor Godwin Obaseki that the people of the state are with him in his current effort to “correct the wrongs.” The former party boss, who joined other prominent Edo indigenes in a dinner hosted by the governor in Abuja on Wednesday night, hoped that Obaseki will have the courage to continue to fight for the truth. Odigie-Oyegun, who observed that the governor stood for “dignity and principle,” said that Obaseki was showing example of how people should fight for the truth. The former observed that Governor Obaseki has brought focus to “the difference between right and wrong,” adding, “your passion for what is right is great. It has ceased to be your struggle, its a national struggle and it is out prayer that courage will not fail you. We stand by you. “ While noting how “difficult it is to reconcile evil with truth,” the former governor noted that “Obaseki stands for truth.” In his response, Governor Obaseki said that politics was about the people. ALSO READ: Gorap calls on pilgrims to support Plateau government’s good work PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens He said he would want to be remembered as a Governor who came and advanced the education of the people. The governor advised the people of the state to work together to address the various challenges confronting them as a people, saying that with education, everything would be achieved in all its ramifications. Obaseki stressed that his administration has made significant achievements in the areas of education, infrastructure, trade, rural development. While noting that about 300, 000 Children have moved from schooling to learning, he said however that there was more to be done for the overall development of the state. Also speaking at the occasion, Chairman, Senate Committee on Public Accounts, Senator Matthew Urhoghide of the Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) who represents Edo South, assured that when the time comes, it would be the people of the state who will determine the next governor. Urhoghide praised Governor Obaseki for what he has achieved so far, saying that not even “those wha are naturally deficient” can distract him from his focus to build a better future for Edo people. Recall that Governor Obaseki has been having a running battle with his erstwhile god father and national chairman of the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, over the control of Edo politics. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!