A reporter with Tribune titles, Mr Tunbosun Ogundare, on Tuesday, emerged winner of this year’s Lagos State University Media Excellence Award on Print category. He was declared the winner of the annual award and third in the series at an award ceremony held at the main campus of the university in Ojo on Tuesday with some principal officers of the Lagos State Ministry of Education and that of the university in attendance. Ogundare, a multiple-award-winning journalist defeated Mrs Iyabo Lawal of The Guardian and Mr Kayode Ajiboye of Daily Independent to clinch the star prize in his winning category. Winners of other categories of the awards include Mrs Kikelomo Ifekoya of Federal Radio Corporation of Nigeria, who won the Radio category; Mrs Loveth Azodo of Optimum Times (online category); Mrs Iyabo Wale Eri of NTA(television category). Similarly, some other individuals and institutions were also conferred with special recognition awards at the event. Mr Kayode Sutton, who is a former Public Relations Officer of LASU and now an Assistant Director in charge of Public Affairs Unit of Lagos State Ministry of Education and the renowned artist and Head of Department of Theatre Arts of LASU, Prof Sola Fosudo were part of them. ALSO READ: Adenuga, Adebutu, Oyinlola, Akpabio, Ajimobi, Amosun, Tambuwal, Obaseki, Okowa, Ortom, Makinde, Anyanwu-Akeredolu Abdullahi win #TribunePlatinumAwards The trio of Messrs Oluwaseun Gbanja; Jeariogbe Olaniyi and Ademola Adekoya, all of the Centre for Information, Press and Public Relations of LASU also received one staff category award or the other while Mr Kayode Ajiboye of Daily Independent and Mrs Kemi Oladipo of News Agency of Nigeria were honoured with recognition awards. The Faculty of Arts and Department of Computer Science, both of the university also won competitive awards at the occasion. In his remarks at the event, the Vice-Chancellor of LASU, Prof Olanrewaju Fagbohun, said the award was initiated by the CIPPR of the university three years ago to identify and celebrate education reporters across print, online and broadcast media organisations in the country who demonstrate professionalism year-round in their reportage of the university and its activities, as well as education sector and the economy as a whole. He explained that the award was not about money as no financial reward was attached but the recognition of outstanding service and contributions of recipients towards societal development on a yearly basis. Represented by the Deputy Vice-Chancellor of the institution in charge of academic, Prof Noah Olumuyiwa, the vice-chancellor noted that LASU as an institution would always cherish fair and unbiased reportage by media organisations irrespective of ownership not only of its activities but also of other areas of the society. He, however, congratulated all the award recipients and other nominees, urging them not to rest on their oars but to see the recognition as a call for higher service. He promised that LASU would continue to produce graduates for the global market and also live up to its mandate in research and community activities. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!