THE two-and-a-half-year deadlock over chieftaincy promotion in the Olubadan-in-Council was broken at the weekend as five high chiefs were elevated into their appropriate ranks by the Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Adetunji, at his Popoyemoja palace. Amid jokes, the high chiefs, decked in traditional outfits along with their wives and well-wishers, were at the palace of the Olubadan at about 12.00 noon on Friday to be ushered into the presence of Oba Adetunji to receive ‘akoko’ leaves before prostrating as required by customs and traditions. According to the Director of Media and Publicity to the Olubadan, Mr Adeola Oloko, those who were elevated were High Chief Tajudeen Abimbola Ajibola, from Osi Balogun to Otun Balogun; High Chief Lateef Gbadamosi Adebimpe, from Asipa Balogun to Osi Balogun; High Chief Kolawole Adegbola, from Ekerin Balogun to Asipa Balogun; Senior Chief John Olubunmi Isioye Dada, from Abese Balogun to Ekerin Balogun and Senior Chief Abiodun Azeez Agagagugu, from Maye Balogun to Ekerin Balogun of Ibadanland. The decision to elevate the high chiefs came on the heels of their recommendation by the Olubadan to the Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, who approved of the elevation via a letter dated December 12, 2019. Third term claim: Presidency attacks Falana Bowen University provides borehole, food items to Tahwun… FG unveils new 5-year national broadband plan Ogbomoso, Eruwa, Saki, Ibadan, Oyo roads listed as Makinde… ALSO READ: Dickson to Wike: Don’t use disputed oil well saga to cause disharmony among Ijaws At the ceremony held at the palace ground were all but one high chief who was unavoidably absent, having sent apology through his wife. At the ceremony were the Otun Olubadan, High Chief Lekan Balogun; the Osi Olubadan and former governor of Oyo State, High Chief Rashidi Ladoja; the Asipa Olubadan, High Chief Eddy Oyewole; the Ekerin Olubadan, High Chief Biodun Kola Daisi; the Iyalode of Ibadan, High Chief (Mrs) Theresa Oyekanmi; the Ekarun Olubadan, High Chief Amidu Ajibade and the Balogun of Ibadanland, High Chief Owolabi  Olakulehin. The Olubadan commended Governor Makinde, adding that the high chiefs would soon be served their posting instructions into different local government traditional councils. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!