The Anambra State House of Assembly on Tuesday called on the State Commissioner of Police, John Bassey Abang to bring to justice the perpetrators of the heinous crime at Ifite Village in Oraifite, Ekwusigo local government area of the state. Moving a motion under a matter of urgent public importance, the member representing Ekwusigo State Constituency, Hon. Onyebuchi Offor drew the attention of the House to the ugly incident. According to him, during the burial of one Mr John Okafor last Saturday in the area, two unknown cult groups had fracas which necessitated the Police to invite them for explanation and subsequently, the two cult groups declined to honour the invitation. Offor said the Police came to find out from the groups what happened and on getting to where the boys were, the boys opened fire on them. He stated that many houses and shops were burnt while the area had been deserted. Yuletide: Obiano declares free transportation for commuters… FG to partner private sector on research Police arrest tricycles snatching specialist in Anambra Police rescue three children, arrest suspected traffickers… ALSO READ: Nigeria’s salvation lies in education ― Buhari Speaker of the House, Hon. Uche Okafor, while commiserating with the people of the area over the ugly incident, assured the people that the perpetrators would be brought to justice. Meanwhile, the House also urged various governments and legislative institutions in the country to formulate policies and legislation that would give physically challenged persons a better life. The Speaker gave the charge while felicitating with physically challenged persons as they join their counterparts all over the world to mark the International Day on the third of December every year. Okafor encouraged physically challenged persons to live above all forms of discrimination and stigmatisation and utilise their God-given talents to improve their wellbeing. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!