Kogi state governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has advised the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) members posted to the state to exhibit much sincerity and loyalty to the nation during their service year. Bello gave the advice on Monday at the swearing-in ceremony of the ‘2019 Batch ‘C’ Stream 2’ corps members deployed to the state at the NYSC permanent orientation camp, Asaya, Kabba. ”Gentlemen corps members, you have just displayed maximum loyalty before the Judge a few minutes ago, you are to uphold this promised loyalty to the nation. ”By implication, you are expected to exhibit much sincerity and during your service year. ”Over the years, the NYSC Scheme has lived towards its expectations in nation-building assignment. ”Little wonder, the scheme is noted to be the most enduring youth organisation with the mandate of transforming youths into leaders of integrity. ”May I congratulate you all on the various academic success that has informed your mobilisation for this batch of the service year. ALSO READ: NYSC registers 1,054 corps members in Abia ”I felicitate with your parents and guardians who have laboured to ensure success out of your academic pursuits,” Bello said. NYSC begs Fayemi over state allowance for corps members Ganduje tasks corps members on accepting teaching positions NYSC registers 1,054 corps members in Abia Lawal Idirisu retains rep seat in Ajaokuta rerun election The governor, who was represented by the state’s Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Mr Sani Ogu-Salisu, commended the nationalistic spirit of the serving corps members who have contributed much to the nation in recent past. He noted that the nationalistic spirit was recently displayed when the serving corps members in collaboration with INEC, participated in election processes in the state recently. ”In Kogi state, our youth corps members have regularly received good motivation to enable them to contribute to state’s development in education, infrastructure, rural health and social mobilisation and sensitisations.” He reaffirmed the commitment of his administration to ensure the welfare and security of corps members serving in the state, saying ”Kogi is a Safe Haven for you all during your primary and secondary assignments”. Earlier, Mr Olayiwola Lasaki, the State Coordinator of NYSC, said the orientation course would equip the corps members with practical, social and leadership skills required for the challenges of the service year. Lasaki said that the orientation course for corps members was an avenue in which they were taken through the basic tenets of the scheme. He added that it equipped the corps members to be prepared physically and psychologically for the great task of nation-building, integration and national development. ”I am happy to report that these corps members before us this morning are ready for the task ahead of them”, he said. Lasaki commended the governor for the support extended to the scheme and the corps members while thanking all the collaborating agencies for their support and understanding. The Kogi State Chief Judge, Justice Nasiru Ajanah, who was represented by Justice Samuel Obayomi, administered the Oath of Allegiance for the 1000 Batch ‘C’ Stream 2 corps members. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!