Father of tourism in Nigeria, Chief Mike Amachree, has called on the Federal Government to involve state governments in the production and distribution of electricity in order to fast-track development in the country, as well as reduce the adverse effect it has on the value chain of tourism, especially the hospitality industry. Chief Amachree made the call in an interview with newsmen at the Port Harcourt International Airport, pointing act that lack of efficient electricity supply is hindering the economic development of the nation. He noted that Nigeria, a country with numerous mineral resources, should have long overcome the challenge of electricity supply which affects the  general sector of the economy. The tourism guru also said the current poor supply of electricity is adversely affecting the hospitality industry as hoteliers and entrepreneurs spend a very huge amount of their income on power generation. He said this is a minus for tourism development in the country. 1,616 civil servants sit for promotion exams in Bauchi DSS abduction of Sowore in Court barbaric, contempt of court… APC not at risk of losing Edo ― Oshiomhole Missing Boy: We are still investigating ― Ondo police According him, the state governments are elected office holders and it is easier for the people to hold them responsible whenever there is poor electricity supply. This, Amachree said, would make them to work harder. He urged the Federal Government and the National Assembly to consider his idea to engender competition amongst state governments. The tourism mogul emphasised that lack of electricity supply has contributed to the closure of many industries in the country, noting that no new investor would appreciate any business environment without electricity. Electricity, he said, is critical to the development of any industry particularly the tourism sector worldwide. Amachree, who was a member of the vision 2010 committee, advocated for the creation of a separate Federal Ministry of Culture and Tourism. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!