The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has stated that it received the sad news of the death of Reinhard Bonke, the famous German international evangelist, today, with a shock and has described it as a huge loss to the body of Christ all over the world. The statement which was made by the President of CAN, Reverend Samson Ayokunle in a press statement signed by his Special Assistant on Media and Communications, Pastor Bayo Oladeji, described Reinhard Bonke as “one of the greatest generals of the gospel of eternal salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ on earth”. According to him, “CAN and the entire Christian communities in Nigeria join the rest of Christians all over the world to mourn this fiery preacher and teacher of the Gospel and mentor to several evangelical leaders all around the world today. ALSO READ: OAU lecturer dies in office “Reinhard Bonke has reached Africa and countries of the world through his ministry called Christ For All Nations preaching the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ through which millions of souls were saved into the Kingdom of God or received their healings “, CAN president stated. Ajasin: Political stakeholders ignite debate on leadership,… Street lights: Is nightlife gradually Echoes from Progressive Governors Forum parley in Jos Why election in Nigeria will not be free, fair —Goa’r,… The statement further maintained that “the body of Christ has lost one of its greatest assets. May God console and comfort his widow, Anni”. We were shocked to read from the press statement signed by Anni Bonnke, wife of the late evangelist announced that “It is with sorrow that the Bonnke Family would like to announce the passing of our beloved husband, father, and grandfather, Evangelist Reinhard Bonnke. He passed away peacefully, surrounded by his family, on December 7, 2019. “For the past 60 years, he has preached the glorious Gospel of Jesus throughout the entire world. We want to thank you on behalf of him and our family, for your kind love and unwavering support, which enabled him to preach the matchless message of salvation to countless people”, it stated. Nigeria is a great beneficiary of Bonnke’s Ministry and we will remain grateful to him and the Christ for All Nations as we commiserate with the team. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!