From next January, the Oyo State government will begin the distribution of 10,000 sachets of plum tomato seeds to tomato farmers across the 33 local government areas of the state. The distribution, according to state Commissioner for Agriculture and Natural Resources, Mr. Jacob Ojemuyiwa, is to increase tomato production as well as reduce the state’s reliance on tomato from the North. Ojemuyiwa made this disclosure while receiving the 10,000 tomato seeds sachets donation from GESA Portal International, at the state Ministry in state Secretariat, Ibadan. He noted that the seeds, to be distributed, will not only boost the tomato business in the state but positively impact the Agric value chain, as a whole. ALSO READ: Nigerians abroad should be able to vote soon ― Dabiri-Erewa Oyo govt to open 3 more abattoirs to aid healthy meat… Oyo govt to build new model schools in three senatorial… Flood alert: Oyo Govt set to inaugurate environmental… Oyo set to restore Bola Ige complex’s lost glory “I have invited OYSADEP officers extension officers, directors of Agric to inform them that from early next year, we have to distribute them to the real tomato farmers in the 33 local government areas equally. This is in line with the resolve of the current administration to go into real agro-business from January,” Ojemuyiwa said. While handing over the seeds, Lead consultant, GESA Portal International, Ms. Lara Suleiman explained that the firm targeted empowering women and youths who faced various difficulties engaging in agriculture. She explained that the choice of Oyo State for the donation was informed by pointers that the current Governor Seyi Makinde led administration was resolved to achieve food security, employment generation and improve the economic fortunes of the state through agriculture. In light of this, she assured of determination of GESA to have ensured the state’s boasts of many productive farmers, thereby increasing food production. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.