A humanitarian group, Johnbosco Onunkwo Foundation, has awoken the hope of the All Progressive Congress (APC), supporters in Anambra state ahead of the 2021 governorship election, with a donation of 4,300 bags of rice (25kg) alongside a sum, ranging from N120, 000, to N135,000 to all the 21 local council chapters, as succours for their steadfastness and loyalty. The group’s chairman, Chief Johnbosco Onunkwo, in his address yesterday, at the foundation Headquarters, along Enugu-Onitsha expressway Awka, disclosed that the foundation’s gesture was essentially to support members who have been with the party in truth and spirit despite the defeat the party suffered in 2017 governorship election in the state, adding that sacrifices with one’s life for others cannot be quantified or overemphasised. ALSO READ: Man docked for stealing car accessories worth N67,000 History will not be kind to APC government ― PDP You are our pride, APC governors tell Ganduje Anambra community leader seeks FG’s intervention on… Sowore: We have no hand in attack on Adeyanju, others ― APC While assuring the supporters to always count on his supports even beyond rice donation, he added that economic empowerment and other of their welfares must not continue to suffer defeats, and promised to extend to that direction in no distant time. He also assured that the gestures will soon be extended to all the 179 communities that constitute Anambra state. He charged them not to allow other political parties in the state to distract them from a party (APC), with human feelings. One of the supporters, Mr Sunday, who reacted on behalf of others, respectively poured tributes for the gestures and eulogised the arrowhead as a role model who deserved accolades and emulations emphasising that the generosity was well-timed in support of the party ahead of the forthcoming election. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!