The previous ultimatum given to the contractor of the Lagos-Ibadan rail project, China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC) by the Federal government to complete the eight minor stations along the rail corridor before the end of November 2019 has been extended to March 2020. Speaking during the inspection of the project at the weekend, the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi was compelled to lift the ultimatum as some of the stations were far from completion and needed more time. Tribune Online observed that from Iju to Kajora stations, significant work had been done on the stations, the roof, the plastering of the wall, electrical wiring and even window fixed on the buildings. However, from Abeokuta station to Ibadan, much work is still left undone at the stations requiring additional substantial time for the completion of work in these areas. ALSO READ: Malnutrition: FG, Dangote, Bill Gates pledge 90 per cent fortification by 2020 FG gives CCECC 28 days to complete minor stations on Lagos –… Lagos flags off construction of Lagos-Badagry Expressway Our reporter also observed that workers at these stations had already embarked on Christmas holiday, and work had completely stopped at these stations that are at less than 40 per cent completion rate. Amaechi, having little options, was forced to extend the completion date as CCECC said when workers resume from the holiday, they may be able to complete the work at the effected stations by the end of February 2020. The Minister queried the contractor over the space of work particularly on the stations, noting that even if the station were completed, the project would have still be delayed as communication equipment were still yet to arrive and installed. He urged CCECC to employ more hands and bring in more equipment to ensure timely completion of the project, “you (CCECC) need to finish this project so that you will commence Ibadan –Kano project before the rainfall begins in 2020,” he stated. Meanwhile, CCECC said some of the communication equipment had arrived at the country’s port and were awaiting clearance even as they promise to speed up work in order to ensure timely completion of the project. It will be recalled that in October, the Minister had given CCECC 28 days to complete the minor stations along the rail corridor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!