The Chief of Air Staff of the Nigerian Airforce, Air Marshall Sadique Abubakar, on Thursday in Ipetu-Ijesa, Osun state attributed the launching of exercise “Buje Ekun” to the need to tackle insecurity within the country. He also contended that the exercise was aimed at ensuring physical fitness and combat readiness of men and officers of the Nigerian Airforce. Abubakar, who spoke at the launch of the exercise “Buje Ekun” which was held at the Airforce Base in Ipetu-Ijesa said: “In a bid to attain combat readiness, personnel are subjected to excruciatingly difficult physical training and manoeuvres to enable them to maintain high-level physical fitness.” ALSO READ: Matawalle gives newly appointed commissioners three months probation Counter-terrorism: Oyetola commends NAF over ‘Operation Buje… Counter-Terrorism: Oyetola commends NAF over Operation Buje… Three killed as Yoruba, Hausa clash in Osun mining community Two boys die as motorcycle plunges into river in Osun According to him: “This no doubt will help our personnel to perform at the highest standard. The demonstration about to be witnessed depicts that the Air Force is resolute in addressing internal security challenges facing the country. “We embarked on the command counter-terrorism exercise tagged “Exercise Buje Ekun” organised by the Special Operation Command at Ipetu Ijesa, Osun state which was fourth in the series, to ensure that the country remained secured.” In his remark, Osun state governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, who was represented by his deputy Mr Benedict Alabi averred that: “This exercise is a follow up of the series of the command counter-terrorism exercise earlier conducted in some parts of the country. “The display of capability during this exercise shows that the Nigerian Air force has continued to evolve ideas to effectively tackle the menace of insurgency and other forms of arm banditry in all part of the country. ”As a government, one of the key objectives of the state is to ensure that all residents conduct daily activities, without fear of molestation from miscreants or bandits. We believe that security is paramount and that no nation can progress or prosper without security measures put in place for the safety lives and properties of its inhabitants,” Oyetola stressed. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!