The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South West, has called on the National Assembly to review the Electoral Bill, in order to address irregularities in the nation’s electoral process. This was contained in a communique issued at the end of a meeting of the South-West PDP stakeholders, in Abeokuta, on Wednesday. In attendance at the meeting were the Vice Chairman of the PDP, Northwest, Senator Ibrahim Kazaure; National Vice Chairman, PDP, Southwest, Dr Eddy Olafeso; PDP Chieftain, Dr Doyin Okupe and former Aviation Minister, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode. Others include Chief of Staff to the Oyo State government, Chief Bisi Ilaka, Deputy National Chairman, PDP, Elder Yemi Akinwonmi, Hon. Ladi Adebutu, Hon. Sikirulai Ogundele among others. The party noted that the Electoral Bill must be signed so that results can be transmitted electronically. It alleged that security agencies were used in untoward manners to compromise election results in favour of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), as witnessed during the last elections in Kogi and Bayelsa States. “We demand an urgent revisit of the electoral bill by the National Assembly, particularly the bill passed by the 8th Assembly and curiously vetoed by the President. This bill represents an immediate panacea to the crisis and debacle elections have since become in our nation. APC wants to cripple opposition ― PDP APC shielding Kogi election violence perpetrators ― PDP APC chides PDP over threat to boycott future election PDP stalwart slams APC over decision to approach Supreme… “It is a shame that the legacy of respect for the electoral desires of the people the PDP bequeathed to President Buhari has been destroyed to the extent that Nigerian elections no longer command respect in the comity of nations nor generate legitimacy at home.” the party stated. ALSO READ: Open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari The party also condemned the gruesome murder of the PDP women leader, Mrs Salome Acheju, in Kogi State. The party demanded that justice be served in the case, adding that “only such firm action will prevent the State from becoming a labyrinth of violence in the nation.” The PDP also raised the alarm over a plot by the presidency to upturn the victory and mandate of the Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde. According to the party, “We wish to reemphasize and place firmly in public view that the PDP roundly defeated the APC in Oyo State during the last governorship election, winning in twenty-eight local government areas while APC won in only five.” “The only judgement that can remain consistent with the electoral desires of the People of that State is that which confirms the victory of the PDP in that election. Adedibu and APC’s direct evidence at the State Election Petition Tribunal, even in acceded to, cannot harm or injure the outcome of the election,” it submitted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!