Internet service provider, Spectranet 4G LTE has  announced the launch of a Car MiFi (Car-Fi), a product that  enables internet services/broadband on the go. The Spectranet Car-Fi, a thumb-sized, integrated 4G mobile wireless router,  is the first of its kind in this part of the world since the commencement of internet service offering. The device, which derives its power from the car lighter socket, once powered, can convert 4G signal to Wi-Fi signal, thus connecting up to 10phones, tablets and other Wi-Fi enabled devices. The Car-Fi draws power from the car battery ensuring continuous availability of internet services on-the-move, thereby enabling  occupants of the car to enjoy a seamless internet browsing experience. Chief Executive Officer Spectranet, Mr. Ajay Awasthi, at the unveiling of the product, said “Spectranet 4G LTE, as a leading Internet Service Provider, always endeavor to launch innovative products and services for its discerning customers. By staying at the cutting edge of innovation, we ensure that the evolving needs of our customers are addressed well-in-time and well ahead of others.” Review of Tribal Leadership Workers’ remittances largest inflow on balance-of-payments… 10 mistakes leaders make when giving performance feedback Brand focus: La Casera, boosting CSR profile through… He added that the launch of  the device will  further endear the Brand Spectranet to its customers, and strengthen its position as a leading and innovative internet service provider. “Spectranet Car-Fi is a premium lifestyle product and addresses the need of the people who are always on the move. The product is borne of insight that due to heavy traffic most people within the city spend good productive hours on the road. “As a consumer-centric brand which believes in delivering “more” to its customers, we decided to introduce this innovative product, enabling our customers to work from the comfort of their vehicle while on the go,” he added. Aside from work, the Spectranet Car-Fi, he stated,  also  serves as a device for multiple co-travelers in a vehicle, like in a staff bus, making them use their travel time, productively. The unveiling event was a colourful one, bringing together influencers and members of the information technology reporting community. The event culminated with a firsthand experience of the quality of the product for the community through a special drive within the city of Lagos in a car with the Car-Fi. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!