EIGHT-year-old Nuroh Nasir emerged the overall winner at the 2019 edition of Faith Unites Muslim Charity Initiatives (FUMCI)’s annual children’s award for excellence in Qur’an recitation and Islamic practice which was held in Lagos last Sunday. The competition, the fifth in the series, had contestants compete for prizes in five categories of adab, salat, fiqh, Qur’an, hadith and overall best category. Speaking on the topic ‘Relevance of Good Companionship in Islam’, the guest lecturer, Sheikh Abdul-Lateef Abdul-Hakeem, admonished Muslims to be dutiful to their Creator and be mindful of the kind of friends they keep. “The kind of friends we keep tells a lot on how steadfast we are about our religion. If you discover that those you walk with are devilish in nature, are liars, backbiters and have no fear of Allah in them, ensure you move away from such people. True believers rely solely on Allah. I want to implore every one of us to choose companions that will lead us to the path of righteousness,” said Abdul-Hakeem, who is a former Commissioner for Home Affairs in Lagos State. The Chief Imam of Abdul-Azeez Central Mosque, Ebute-Meta, Lagos, Sheikh Muhammad Mahmud Yaqub, commended FUMCI for promoting Islam and Qur’an knowledge through its various programmes. While charging parents to invest more in Islamic and Qur’an knowledge of their children, he lauded winners in all the categories for exceptional display of talent in Qur’an recitation and commentary on hadith. Publish names of ghost workers now, Kogi Labour challenges… RCCG pastor, son, daughter die in Costa del Sol pool tragedy… Sowore, Dasuki: Why El-Zakzaky remains in detention ― Malami Buhari hails Ahmadiyya’s ‘excellent’ propagation of Islam Having spent 17 years learning and teaching the Qur’an in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Sheikh Mahmud Yaqub, who donated cash gifts to the winners, likened the competition to some he had attended in Makkah. “This competition is one that has substance and is well-organised. The reciters in all the categories were superb. They reminded me of my days in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. “I am really touched by their performances, especially the winner of the Qur’an and hadith category – Nuroh Nasir. She and Umar Akinola really impressed me. I am so overwhelmed by their performances. Nuroh exhibited a high level of confidence in her recitation. I pray Almighty Allah to continue to guide and guard them. I urge all parents to make learning of the Qur’an and hadith a priority for their children,” he said. Responding to questions from newsmen, the amir (president) of the organisation, Ustadh Muiz Zubayr, said one of the cores objectives of FUMCI was to propagate the beauty of Islam and promote Qur’an knowledge among children. Zubayr identified lack of adequate understanding of the Qur’an and hadith of Prophet Muhammad as one of the causes of moral decadence among Muslim children and youths. He, therefore, encouraged parents and guardians to enroll their children and wards in institutions that truly promote the ideals of Islam and sunnah of Prophet Muhammad. Other winners in the competition include Zainab Akinola who won the first prize in salat and Tijani Aishat, winner of the first prize in fiqh and adab. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!