PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has commended Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama’at Nigeria for its excellence which, according to him, has resulted in the great achievements it has recorded over the years. President Buhari, who gave the commendation at the Jama’at’s 67th annual Jalsa Salana (conference), praised the Jama’at for “spreading Islam in peace and being steadfast and committed in developing educational and health sectors.” The president, who was represented by the Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Mr Olamilekan Adegbite, disclosed that “the government recognises the enormous challenges facing the country but the government has geared efforts towards charting a new course for the nation by diversifying the economy and providing jobs for the people.” At this year’s programme with the theme ‘Effective Way of Calling People to Allah,” held at Jamia Ahmadiyya, Ilaro, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, represented by the Secretary General of the Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), Professor Ishaq Oloyede, congratulated the Jama’at for establishing Minaret University in Ikirun, Osun State, saying that this “worthy initiative” should be emulated by other religious bodies. He assured the gathering that he would always associate with Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama’at, noting that the Jama’at had been found to be “calling people to the way of Allah, deploying wisdom, strategic plan and knowledge.” According to the vice president, it is because of this that the Jama’at has recorded great successes. Publish names of ghost workers now, Kogi Labour challenges… RCCG pastor, son, daughter die in Costa del Sol pool tragedy… Sowore, Dasuki: Why El-Zakzaky remains in detention ― Malami NIPOST, FIRS and stamp duty collection Prof. Osinbajo explained that anybody who professes to be preaching Islam must be devoted, knowledgeable about the religion and demonstrate love and sacrifice for humanity. “You cannot preach to people whose history and culture you don’t know. You have got to love all people, regardless of the religious groups to which they belong. Demonstrably, you have got to call people to God with wisdom, strategic plan and sound knowledge,” he said. In his remarks, the governor of Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun, congratulated the Jama’at on sustaining the ethos of Islam. He promised to work with Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama’at and other religious organisations to ensure that peace and tranquility reign in the state. The governor, represented by his deputy, Alhaja Noimot Salako-Oyedele, also told the people that his government would continue to discharge the responsibility of making life more abundant for the populace. The governor of Osun State, Alhaji Gboyega Oyetola, also represented by his Commissioner for Regional Integration and Special Duties, Alhaji AbdurRahman Badmus, saluted the courage of the Jama’at in propagating Islam and fostering peaceful coexistence in the country. He, however, admonished politicians to shun exploiting ignorant supporters to cause religious violence in the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!