Eleven filling Stations in Gombe have been sealed by the Zonal office of the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) for various operational breaches. This was disclosed by the Operations Controller of the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) in Gombe, Abdullahi Abawa, saying that his office will intensify efforts at uncovering and sanctioning illegal petroleum stations operating in the hinterlands of the State. He stated this after he led an operation where eleven petroleum filling stations were sealed for various offences, among them, six that were operating with expired licenses. He also said that the discovery after the operations showed that most of the filling stations in the hinterlands could be culpable since limited attention was given to operators of these stations outside the urban areas. Yuletide: DPR sanctions 11 petrol stations, gas plants in… Another petrol tanker falls in Onitsha We can’t afford $62bn PMS debt, $9.6bn P&ID … UPDATE: Petrol on sale at Futga Filling Station in Delta not… During the operations that were carried out along with Journalists, Abdullahi Abawa noted that his office will henceforth intensify efforts aimed at sanitizing the operations of petrol stations in villages and semi-urban towns so that consumers will get value for their money. Abdullahi Abawa who cautioned car users against the panic purchase of fuel for their cars during the festivities assured that there was enough fuel in the State to last the Yuletide season and even beyond. During the operations, six stations were sealed for operating with expired licenses, three stations sealed for gross under dispensing of PMS from their pumps while one station was sealed for diverting 30,000 litres of PMS. Another station was sealed for indiscriminate parking of trucks at their outlet as well as keeping a dirty environment, making a total of eleven stations sealed for various offences. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!