The renowned Argungu fishing festival will receive a breath of new life in 2020 after 10 years of abandonment. This was the promise made by Otunba Segun Runsewe while receiving a full strength delegation led by the Emir of Argungu in Kebbi State, Alhaji Samaria Mohammed Mera to the headquarters of the National Council for Arts and Culture. Displaying several publicity/promotional materials specially prepared by NCAC to prosecute the 2020 edition of the festival, Runsewe assured that the fish house he built in 2010 will also be refurbished and remodelled. No rift between me and Oyetola ― Aregbesola Osun NMA protests killing of OAUTHC Professor Elusiyan by… Reps: Nigeria can generate $10bn yearly from herbal medicine… UNILAG won’t cover up on sex for marks allegations ―… “We will use Argungu to make a bold statement that indeed it is a festival that unites and we will continue to support it henceforth because it is arguably the number one in the country with UNESCO endorsement,” says Runsewe. The DG also seized the moment to showcase the prototype of the cultural centre he plans to build in Argungu Emirate saying it is modelled after the best cultural centres in the world. Speaking as a titled man from Argungu Emirate, (Danburan Kebbi) Runsewe admitted that he was emotionally connected to the festival which according to him has a long history with a rich cultural content that remains unrivalled globally. Delivering his address during the visit, Alhaji Mera thanked Runsewe for identifying with the festival which is not only symbolic but serves as a platform for projecting Nigeria’s rich cultural endowments. While lamenting the decade long abandonment of the festival, he was delighted that with the new impetus injected by the culture chief, Argungu Fishing Festival will be resuscitated and therefore assume its place of honour among other high profile festivals in Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!