The Deputy Governor of Lagos State, Dr Obafemi Hamzat, on Thursday called on residents to imbibe maintenance culture to compliment the development strides of the state government. Hamzat gave the advice while addressing participants at a two-day strategy session held in Lagos with the theme: “Building Capacity for a Clearly Defined and Delivered Infrastructure Asset Management Responsibilities in Lagos State”. NAN reports that the human resource component of the session was organised by the Lagos State Infrastructure Asset Management Agency (LASIAMA). The deputy governor said that the current administration in the state understood the importance of the agency. “When we build a house, we must maintain it and make sure that buildings stay relevant for its desired usage so that we don’t build and it just gets deteriorated. ALSO READ: BREAKING: DSS releases Sowore, Bakare on bail after 125 days in detention Persisting lopsidedness in  Nigeria Police Ibadan-Lagos rail line not fully ready, journey took 3 hours… Nigeria to export rice in 2 years ― Nanono BREAKING: DSS releases Sowore, Bakare on bail after 125 days… “Government-owned asset must be well maintained so that it can serve the purpose for which it was built “Everybody that has an asset should endeavour to maintain it,” Hamzat said He commended LASIAMA for being one of the agencies in the state which was very apt in data collation He charged them to pull their weight in maintaining all the infrastructure in the state. The General Manager of Lagos State Infrastructure Asset Management Agency (LASIAMA), Mrs Adenike Adekanmbi, said that the workshop was to help them plan better in the maintenance of public infrastructure. “This workshop is to engage stakeholders, to let people know what we are doing and chart our direction for a better and greater Lagos,” Adekanmbi said. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!