As part of his effort to curtail security challenges in Niger state, Governor Abubakar Sani Bello, has reiterated its commitment to fight armed banditry, cattle rustling, kidnapping, and other forms of criminality in the state. The governor gave the assurance over the weekend while speaking through the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Alhaji Ibrahim Matane when he paid a visit to Military Camp in Pandogari, Rafi Local Government Area of the state to support the Military to totally stem out criminal activities in parts of the state. He pointed out that the presence of the Military in the area would no doubt boost security operations and develop more effective strategies to end banditry, kidnapping and cattle rustling in the area. ALSO READ: 9th NASS not Buhari’s rubber stamp ― Reps member The SSG called on other security agencies to intensify surveillance effort in the collective bid to bring an end to the activities of armed bandits in the state and other parts of the country. Ahmed Matane further disclosed that government was totally committed to putting an end to the unacceptable wanton carnages and other security challenges in the state through the engagement of traditional, religious leaders and other critical stakeholders to collaborate with security agencies by reporting any suspicious persons or groups of persons to the nearest security post. Niger govt to support corps members with interest in… LG Poll: Gov. Bello congratulates 25 newly elected chairmen NDLEA nabs suspect with 1,072kg of marijuana in Niger Police chief lauds residents on peaceful conduct of Niger LG… The SSG explained that the present administration led by Governor Abubakar Sani Bello is leaving no stone unturned in fashioning out strategies that would bring the lasting solution as well as forestall any breach of security in the state. He stated further that effective protection of lives and property of all citizens at all times was the fundamental constitutional responsibility of any meaningful government, adding that government attached tremendous importance to the security of lives and properties of the citizens, hence the need for peaceful co-existence among the people. The SSG who later paid a courtesy visit to the District Head of Kongoma, Alhaji Idris Aliyu, told the Traditional ruler that government was intensifying efforts towards addressing the incessant attacks and systematic killings of innocent people by armed bandits which have become a source of concern to the government. ALSO READ: Security operatives foil bank robbery in Abuja He thereby appealed to the people of the area to always conduct themselves in an atmosphere of peace, love, tolerance and shun any acts of violence that would be a threat to the peaceful coexistence of the people. In his remarks, while playing host to the SSG, the District Head of Kongoma, Alhaji Idris Aliyu commended the state government for not resting on its oars in the protection of lives and properties of the citizenry as well as the provision of adequate security to the people. Ahmed Matane had earlier visited Basic Health Centre, Pandogari to sympathize with the victims of attacks by armed bandits in the area who sustained injuries and currently receiving treatment at the Centre. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!