THE Director-General of National Youth Service Corps, Brig-Gen Shuaibu Ibrahim, has tasked corps members on the need for religious tolerance and to shun all forms of criminality in their host states. The Director General made this known when he spoke during a church service held at the All Saints Chaplaincy – the worship centre of National Association of Catholic Corps members at the Permanent Orientation Camp Umuawulu /Mbaukwu, in Awka South LGA of Anambra State, on Sunday. The Director-General who is in Anambra State on an inspection tour of facilities warned corps members to shun religious extremism. He said: “I am a Muslim but my wife is a Catholic. We should learn to live in harmony with one another irrespective of our religious differences.” ALSO READ:  BREAKING: INEC declares Adeyemi winner of Kogi West senatorial rerun… Speaking on the youth involvement in frauds and internet scams, the NYSC helmsman asked the corps members to detach themselves from internet scams and other vices that negates the teachings of their Faith. On unauthorised travels by corps members, he cautioned corps members against unwarranted and unnecessary travels especially at night noting that longer journeys should be broken to avoid the dangerous nocturnal movements. Speaking earlier during the homily, the NACC Anambra Chaplain Rev Fr Clement Muozoba extolled the Director General for his giant administrative strides since assuming office, thanked him for his presence at the mass and prayed God to grant him journey mercies. At the visit, the Director General was accompanied by the Area Coordinator, Alh Ahmed Wada Ikaka, NYSC Anambra Coordinator, Chief Kehinde Aremu-cole, as he inspected the camp facilities including Kitchen, Hostels and Camp Clinic. He also used the occasion to interact with corps members at NACC, NCCF and MCAN worship centres. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!