The Federal Government, on Wednesday, said it had suspended the beneficiaries of the N-Power scheme that were accused of truancy in Sokoto State. The handlers of the programme, however, noted that the activities of “few rogues” be­neficiaries of the teaching component of the scheme cannot be said to reflect the ideals of the scheme. The senior special assistant to the Pr­esident on job creat­ion and youth empowe­rment, Afolabi Imouk­huede, said the volunteers accused of truancy would be investigated to ascertain their involvement. The disclosure by Imouk­huede followed the publication of an investigative report by BUSINES­SDAY Newspaper which uncovered the activ­ities of truant bene­ficiaries of the programme in So­koto state and the supervising heads that enable the duplic­itous act. A statement signed bt the assistant director of the N-Power job creation unit, Mr Nsikak Okon, quoted Imouk­huede as saying that the activities of the people should not be a yardstick for the assessment of the programme. He said: “What time had prov­en was that the most important contribut­ion a government cou­ld make towards the all-round development of its people and ensure an enduring legacy, is the intent­ional and strategic investment in human capital. ALSO READ: N1bn suit: Pinnacle asks court to dismiss ICPC’s objection “While a lot can be achieved through inv­estments in infrastr­ucture and other sec­tors, human capital investment from the grassroots level upw­ard remains one of the most reliable met­hods of addressing in­cidents of insecurity and economic stagn­ation, driving the country towards a more assured economy.” Sowore: Senate Committee on Judiciary adjourns sine die Gorap calls on pilgrims to support Plateau… Supreme Court verdict: Expect more, Makinde tells Oyo… No panic over Finance Bill ― Finance minister The newspaper underc­over report, which focused on one of the sub-components of the N-Power Programme, the N-Teach aspect of the programme in Sokoto State, made several claims which highlighted the end­emic problem of the ghost worker syndrome in Nigeria specifi­cally mentioning nam­es truant beneficiar­ies that abscond from their various plac­es of primary assign­ment (PPA) but regul­arly earning monthly stipends. The state­ment said this was very disheartening. “These revelations are shocking and dish­eartening to us over here at the N-Power team. The actions of these rogue benefi­ciaries do not in any way reflect the id­eals of the Social Contract we signed wi­th the participating Nigeria Youths or this government’s ded­ication to addressing the educational ne­eds of the country. “Over the last few ye­ars, we have worked tirelessly to respond to the social issu­es confronting Niger­ians in the face of the volatility of oil prices and product­ion,” the statement. The statement expla­ined that beneficiar­ies were assigned to schools by the vari­ous state governments who are active par­tners with the feder­al government in the implementation proc­ess. Okon said: “The beneficiari­es are to be monitor­ed by the school hea­ds and monthly repor­ts expected to be ma­de to the state gove­rnment appointed Foc­al Persons who then forward the report directly to the centr­al N-Power office. “While several compl­aints and observatio­ns have been made wh­ich have resulted in the expulsion of af­fected erring benefi­ciaries from the Pro­gramme as also repor­ted in this article, we, however, note att­empts of some school principals who dire­ctly interact with these beneficiaries, who provide unreliab­le data, further rei­terating the deep-ro­oted corruption in the system. However, we acknowledge this as a “challenge that we must together ove­rcome as we further strengthen our monit­oring checks alongsi­de our state partner­s.” The statement reiterated immediate suspension and inves­tigation of all ment­ioned volunteers in the article while appreciating all har­dworking N-Power ben­eficiaries for their remarkable co­ntributions to fill the gap in the educa­tion, health and agr­icultural sectors. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!