Five policemen who invaded a night club in the Oshodi area of Lagos State last Friday and allegedly killed a 27-year-old fun-seeker, Maliki Mohammed, have been arrested by the police command in the state. The policemen include Inspector Orubu Olusola, Inspector Apalowo Ola, Inspector Kasai Sule, Sergeant Momoh Ogwuche and Sergeant Adoga Collins attached to Akinpelu Division. The Divisional Police Officer (DPO), Divisional Operations Officer and the Divisional Crime Officer (DCO) in charge of the station were also queried for lack of proper supervision. In an attempt to effect an arrest, the policemen reportedly invaded Crest Inn Club in Oshodi on Friday night and allegedly shot a man dead, while two others were left with gunshots injuries. The command’s spokesman, Bala Elkana confirmed the arrest of the policemen in a statement he personally signed and made available to the Tribune Online on Sunday. Elkana also said that the policemen are already facing Orderly Room Trial and assured that they would be made to face the full wrath of the law. Eleven other fun-seekers who reportedly took part in the attack that led to the abuse of firearms by the policemen have also been arrested. Elkana said, “the Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu has ordered the arrest and detention of police officers involved in the shooting incident that occurred at Crest Inn Club, No 28/30 Balogun Street, Oshodi.” ALSO READ: Buhari reiterates commitment to making Nigeria food basket of Africa CSOs laud Buhari over payment of pension SIM swap: 113 fraudsters arrested, prosecuted in 2019 ―… Alleged N7.65bn fraud: Court to deliver judgement in Orji… Democratic means only way to change govt, not violence ―… He added that “they are under the supervision of DSP Oloko Wale, who is the Divisional Crime Officer and ASP Adamu Babajo, the Divisional Operations Officer.” The police image maker also said “the incident happened on 29th November 2019 at about 8:30 pm which led to the death of one Maliki Mohammed ‘m’ 27 years old. Two other persons sustained injuries. “In the statement, the team said they were at the club in response to a complaint made by one Makinde Omowunmi Abibat ‘f’ of No 9 Olaore Street, Mafoluku, Oshodi at Akinpelu Police Station that she was assaulted in the club.” The team also said that “while trying to effect an arrest, they were attacked by some hoodlums which necessitated their use of firearms. “This, however, fell short of the provision of Force Order 237 which defined the circumstances in which a police officer will be justified to use his firearms and the use of force,” the police PRO stressed. Elkana said that “the police officers involved are already facing internal disciplinary proceedings known as Orderly Room Trial at the Provost Department of the Command and if found guilty, they will be handed over to the conventional court for prosecution.” He assured that “members of the public will be updated on the outcome of the Orderly Room Trial.” The Commissioner of Police also empathized with the families of the deceased and the injured persons. He called on the good people of Lagos State to remain calm as justice will not only be done but will be seen to be done. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!