The Department of State Services (DSS), on Thursday, said it did not violate the court order on the release of Omoyele Sowore, Convener, #RevolutionNow Protest, and his co-defendant, Olawale Bakare. Counsel to the DSS, Hassan Liman, SAN, made the remark in an interview with newsmen shortly after the Federal High Court sitting in the ongoing trial in Abuja. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Sowore, alongside Bakare, is being charged by the DSS with treasonable felony, money laundering, among others. NAN recalls that Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu had, on Nov. 6, signed the release warrant of the defendants and ordered the DSS to make available all the necessary documents that would help to facilitate in the defence of the duo’s trial. But on Thursday, Justice Ojukwu had condemned the security outfit’s attitude to a court order, directing it to release Sowore and Bakare within 24 hours. ALSO READ: INEC absolves self from electoral violence, flaws in Kogi elections The judge then adjourned till Dec. 6 for trial continuation. “I want to say once again that the DSS has not at any time refused or failed to comply with the court order. “What we have done today is to go a step further to say that the DSS no longer want Mr Sowore in their custody. Senate proposes Institute for quality security services #OccupyDSSAbuja: DSS operatives disperse #freeSowore… PHOTOS: Activists storm DSS headquarters over continued… DSS denies arresting Onumah, says he was invited for… “That is what we are saying,” he said. Liman explained that “when somebody is granted bail, he is expected to be released to the main person that has served as his surety.” According to him, nobody, I repeat, has gone to the DSS to take Mr Sowore and co. on bail. “The court has made an order to release them forthwith. “But the DSS has not refused, at any time, to comply with the court order “And that is why the DSS filed an application today that they no longer want them in their custody,” he added. Liman, however, assured that Sowore and Bakare would be released based on the order of the case and as soon as they meet the terms of the bail condition. “When you come tomorrow, you will know if that has been complied with or not,” he told the journalists. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!