W hat is your business all about? Agbeke Alaso-Oke Designs is a homegrown, proudly Nigerian fashion line that has mastered the art of using the handwoven fabric known as Aso-Oke in producing bespoke fashion pieces and handy accessories. The Agbeke Aso-Oke fabric is specifically sourced and custom made from Iseyin in Oyo State, Nigeria and also Ilorin, Kwara State. I am very passionate about preserving cultural heritage hence my venture in to Aso-Oke which is my own way of contributing to the growth of the Nigerian economy. I am a leader with qualities to motivate self and others to achieve set goals and have knack for infusing logical and unorthodox approaches to unravelling challenges. Innovation and creativity are our watch-words and my mission is to ensure every home in Africa has a piece of Agbeke Alaso-Oke in different forms.  What inspired you to start your business? My inspiration was borne out of a desire to preserve our culture. I relocated from Lagos to Ibadan in 2016 and I was job-hunting for something related to my Professional field (Public Relations). I submitted proposals and my CV. I also went for some presentations. The feedback I got was that my proposal was good, but they were not sure if they could afford me. At that point, I wasn’t really sure how to respond. When I saw time was passing by and nothing was forthcoming, I knew something had to be done. By nature, I am not a sit at home kind of person. I love to work; I love to task my brain. As time went by, I found myself surfing the internet, particularly Instagram, and most things I found fascinating was Aso-Oke. I saw that the new rave at the time was how people embellished their Aso-Oke for weddings. It was really big at that time; I thought that I wanted to do something unique with Aso-Oke. Seeing that Oyo state is the home of Aso-Oke, I knew sourcing it will not be difficult, but I wanted to carve a niche for myself. The first step for me was to enrol in a fashion institution to learn about Aso-Oke. At the time, the fee looked high, but I was determined to go for it. I eventually enrolled for classes. It was different from my usual field, but I enjoyed it. I made a resolution to do something different with Aso-Oke. To be honest, when I started, I didn’t have all the answers, I did not even know how far I was going to go, but I had an open mind. I got inspiration from nature, flowers, beautiful scenery, art works and that was how it all began. I remember how I made my first Aso-Oke dress; a friend of mine was getting married. She had approached me to buy her Aso-Ebi. I then said to her that how will people know I am Agbeke Alaso-Oke, if I don’t wear my own piece. That was how my first Aso-Oke dress was born. All my friends loved it and wished they wore same for the wedding. To be honest, I didn’t have it all figured out, I just knew that once I start, with God on my side, I will know the right steps to take and also know the kind of things to focus on. Truth is, starting a business was the last thing on my mind, I thought I wasn’t wired for it. I am so glad I took the first step, and here I am now.  What do you produce? I produce fashion pieces and accessories using Aso-Oke, which includes: Aso-Oke Gele and Ipele, Aso-Oke Ipad Pouch, Aso-Oke Bangles, Aso-Oke shoe, Aso-Oke key-holder, Buba, Iro, Fila, Agbada, Aso-Oke Dress, Aso-Oke Jacket, Aso-Oke throw pillow, Aso-Oke Bags, Aso-Oke Bow Tie, Lapel Pin and Pocket square, Aso-Oke hand fan and many other things.  What was your start-up capital? My start-up capital was N5,000.  What is the number of your current employee? Buhari has taken Nigeria close to Next Level target ― Lai… Wike signs Rivers 2020 budget Trump, Putin discuss Russia attack, arms control, relations Seven killed in Edo communal clash I have 8 employees currently.  When was your business established? My business was established in 2016  What are your expansion plans? We want to be a household name, not just in Nigeria, but a global brand. We want to go into interior designs full time because we believe there are opportunities there.  We also want to go into large scale production of our fashion pieces and accessories. We are also looking at having a world-class production factory. Excellence is our watch-word and we believe it is achievable once we get the right tools.  What are the major challenges you have faced since you started your business? Major challenge for us is high cost of production, as well as access to production machines.  Due to the nature of the Aso Oke fabric, it is usually woven. You will agree with me that handmade items are pricier than machine-produced items.  A major challenge for us is people think because it is made in Nigeria, it should be cheap.  However, we are gradually getting to the point where our target market understand and appreciate our products. How do you think government can address these challenges? By providing us with equipment’s to aid our production. We really want to go into large scale production and export because we have a market abroad. It will also be of utmost benefit to us if the government can support us by providing access to production facilities.  How many Awards and grants have you won so far? At the moment, we have won one grant and Award. The MSME 2019 Award for Excellence in Fashion and Style. The MSME Clinic is an initiative of our Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo to empower MSMEs. In 2018 when the first edition of the Clinic began, I got a call from the Oyo State Ministry of Trade that I was among those shortlisted to showcase at the Oyo State MSME Clinic. The best part was that it was free. It looked surreal to me. That was the beginning. When the Vice President came around for inspection with the then Oyo State Governor, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, and my stall was captured and was on NTA network. I got calls from my parents, family and friends that they watched me on TV. Then in 2019, we were informed about the MSME Award and the criteria to be nominated was to send a two-minute video pitch capturing our production process, from start to finish and also to state why we should receive the award. The team swung into action, and we made sure we captured every single detail and had a high quality video pitch. Later on, we received a call about the nomination. I was super excited. It looked like a dream. It was an all-expense paid trip to Abuja, we were lodged in an hotel and we had an amazing time. Highlight for me was when the VP asked to see us few hours to the Award Dinner. Agbeke Alaso Oke actually got 2 nominations. The first one was MSME of the Year and second was Excellence in Fashion and Style and we won this category. This was a moment I will forever cherish. We had Governors, captains of industries; top government officials at the State House Banquet Hall that night and the best part was it was live on National TV, so the whole world was watching. I was given an opportunity to speak, I was so happy for the opportunity and I thank God for how far He had helped me because it only had to be God.  What advice do you have for other young people that are interested in what you do? You have to be willing to learn the art and craft of Aso-Oke. Know how it is produced; understand the dynamics of the fabric. It is also important you have a mentor in the business to put you through. Be determined to go through the process. It is also important to note that hard work pays. Be willing to put in your best and expect delayed gratification. Instant gratifications won’t last. Do not cut corners. Do the right things. Be honest with your customers. One final advice is, be diligent with your craft, you will attract the right kind of customers.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!