THE Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Federal University of Technology (FUT), Minna, Niger State branch says it has come to its knowledge that the officials from the Office of the Accountant General of the Federation (OAGF) are at the institution  to enroll staff of the university in the Integrated Personal and Payroll System (IPPS). The union added that it was not unaware of the antics of the Federal Government in collaboration with the Office of the Accountant General of the Federation to blackmail the union on the matter. This was contained in a press release jointly signed by the chairman and secretary of the union, Messrs Attahiru M. Ndanitsa and Gbolahan Bolarin, on Wednesday, last week shortly after the union’s congress held at the Bosso campus of the institution. The release reads: “We wish to state that academic staff in the Federal University of Technology, Minna, will not be cowed by the presence of the staff OAGF or campaign of calumny from the same office to rush into joining a system that will not only erode universities’ autonomy, but has shown to be enriching officials of the OAGF in consonance with heads of ministries departments and agencies (MDAs). Why Lagos Airport is yet to be certificated —NCAA Pakute politics in Oyo State Securing data against cyber attacks Expert says eating adequate proportion of onions can control… “We as a union will not encourage corrupt practices in the universities. On this note, it is important that the public ask why the OAGF would resolve to blackmailing the union, all in a bid to force our academic staff to enroll in IPPIS.” The union also noted that since universities were established by law, it is only law that could change any of its features, not a circular or a public notice. It thereby stated categorically that academic staff of FUT Minna, had fully resolved to resist any attempt to force them to enroll in a system that could be best described as deficient. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!