Feelers have emerged that the Senate Committee on Federal Character and Intergovernmental Affairs has dumped its investigation of alleged recruitment scandal that rocked certain federal government agencies. Checks revealed that the Committee led by Senator Danjuma La’ah had last October vowed to get to the root of startling revelations that certain senators, including principal officers, benefited from the secret recruitment into the Federal Inland Revenue Service, National Drugs Law Enforcement Agency, National Space Research and Development Agency and the National Open University. Others were the Federal Civil Service Commission; the University of Abuja Teaching Hospital; Rural Electrification Agency and the Nigerian Navy. But few months after the Committee resolve to present its findings, its chairman gave indication on Monday that it has since reached a compromise with the affected Ministries, Department and Agencies. Senator La’ah confessed to newsmen that senators anxious to secure employment for graduates from their constituents have been approaching his Committee. Transport institute to tackle Apapa gridlock with NYSC… Low turnout mars Lagos-Ibadan free train ride COP25: Groups reject carbon markets, demand real solutions… MP slammed for fake marriage proposal during session ALSO READ: Oyo lawmaker gives N25m scholarship to tertiary students The Senator representing Kaduna South who was silent on what becomes of the fate of helpless graduates with no personal relationship with their senators however claimed that the ongoing process of securing employment through federal lawmakers was normal. He said:” There is nothing wrong in senators approaching the committee on Federal Character and Intergovernmental Affairs to seek job placement for their unemployed constituents. It is normal for colleagues to come to our committee because it is a better way to go about it. What our committee will do is to ensure that all senatorial districts are equally captured in whatever arrangement that comes up. It is not as if we are giving out letters of employment to anyone now. ”What I’m saying is that if any senator approach us and there is an opportunity, we would help. The senators are coming to us because we are the only committee to ensure even spread in terms of federal appointment. ” The Chairman Senate Committee on Federal Character and Intergovernmental affairs further disclosed that the affected MDAs mentioned in the recruitment scandal have been honouring his Committee invitation to explain what actually happened in their respective agencies. ”The MDAs have been honouring our invitations to explain the recruitment exercises they carried out. We have told them to adhere strictly to federal character principles. We have also told them to always carry the Federal Character Commission along before they finalise any internal recruitment. Many of the MDAs have appeared before our committee. Each of them appears with the FCC so that the FCC will be pointing out if any of them is telling lies.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!