A Chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Bauchi State, Alhaji Bibi Dogo, has opined that the good initiatives already rolled out by Governor Bala Mohammed have greatly eased ways of doing business by intending investors in the state. Bibi Dogo stated this in Bauchi over the weekend when he addressed newsmen saying that the initiatives have started yielding fruitful results that relieved people of the state from the economic hardships they were experiencing in the last four years under the immediate past APC-led administration. The PDP Chieftain said that, “recent successes recorded at the Trade Fair where over N100 million business activities took place and the recent over 300 marriages that took place in the state, mass construction and rehabilitation of primary schools and the construction of road networks across the state is a clear indication that poverty has started reducing among the people of the state.” APC insulting Nigerians by joking with high unemployment… Oil discovery: Bauchi makes special case on infrastructure… 2023: PDP will look for consensus candidate ― BoT chair I’m committed to performing better than my… ALSO READ: Youth-based organisation donates equipment to Police in Ogun He also said that the governor when he assumed duty outlined the economic potentials of the state to include a well-developed hospitality infrastructure and culture and he took a bold step to improve the state’s internally generated revenue and disbursement of the state resources with just and fairness to all nooks and crannies of the state which has boosted the financial status of the state and its citizens. He further said that it is a known fact that before the coming of the present PDP-led administration, the state’s business environment despite its prospects, was characterised by challenges of various kinds, which ranged from lack of infrastructure, bad economic policies, lack of political will, lack of commitment and poor road network, insecurity, inadequate financial services, corruption and many others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!