Organised Labour in Ekiti state has warned the management of the Ekiti State University Teaching Hospital (EKSUTH) against what it called mass sack of its workforce, to avert industrial disharmony between workers and governor Kayode Fayemi-led administration. It will be recalled that management of the Ekiti State University (EKSU) had on December 5 sacked over 600 workers of the institution with allegations of irregular appointments. The labour centres issued a 14-day ultimately to EKSUTH management to find a way to resolve the issues surrounding the planned sack and effect payment of all outstanding salaries, deductions and other benefits to avert withdrawal of services by a staff of the institution. The Chairmen of Trade Union Congress(TUC), Comrade Sola Adigun, Nigerian Labour Congress(NLC), Comrade Kolapo Olatunde and Joint Negotiating Council(NJC), Comrade Kayode Fatomiluyi, spoke in Ado Ekiti on Monday after a closed-door meeting with the hospital’s management staff. ALSO READ: 2019: NDLEA arrests 103, makes 1,447.594kg drugs seizure in Kogi Adigun said rather than contemplating sack of any staff, the state government must look inwards and increase its internally generated revenues so that subvention to the health institution can be increased. The TUC boss added that the organised labour would resist the attempt to sack workers without following public service laid down rules, saying sack was not the best option to compensate staff that had made sacrifices for effective healthcare delivery in the hospital. According to him, “When we came for this interface, we thought it was a rumour that workers will be sacked. But we have confirmed the intending plan to sack our people here. We cannot allow our members to be working under a condition of service that is not palatable. They should not be in a hurry to sack, because this will lead to a withdrawal of services. “We have issued 14 days ultimatum for all issues to be resolved. The sack shouldn’t be a new year package for our members, because many are still working hard despite being owed several months of salaries and deductions, even without promotions. Tension as Fulani herdsmen take over Ekiti community, hoist… Ekiti name-shames another sex offender Face your future, leave Fayemi alone, group admonishes Ekiti… Ekiti Assembly passes N124.724bn budget for 2020 “We say no to any unjustifiable sack of our members. What we are experiencing is not the best. A situation whereby you brought a consultant to conduct interviews for workers and sent the names of workers you felt should be disengaged to the media for the announcement is not fashionable, it is not done like this anywhere. “Government must look inwards and increase its IGR. Nigeria Customs Service has increased its monthly revenue generations, by plugging all loopholes. There is also increment in oil supply at the international level, all these will help Ekiti economy in 2020 and sack is not the best option”, he said. ALSO READ: Ortom signs N189.4bn 2020 budget into law The NLC chairman, Olatunde and his counterpart in JNC, Fatomiluyi, advised that government shouldn’t perceive sack as a panacea to irregular payment of salaries. Olatunde said, “Anything done contrary to the civil service rules will be resisted. Workers are responsible people and would not condone indiscipline, because EKSUTH has no good reason to sack anybody with what we heard. “In EKSU, they employed people in 2018 and used them to get accreditation, only for them to be sacked later. They must be given a fair hearing. Anything outside public service rule is not acceptable to us.” The Chairman, Joint Health Sectors Union(JOHESU), Farotimi Omotola, disagreed with the rumour that EKSUTH was overloaded with staff, describing the hospital as grossly understaffed due to persistent brain- drain being experienced in all departments. When contacted, the EKSUTH’s Public Relations Officer, Mrs Rolake Adewumi, said she has not been briefed by the management on the matter. “I was not present at the meeting where decisions were reached. I will meet with the management to know the true position of things before speaking to the public about it,” she said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!