Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, has restated the Muhammadu Buhari-led administration’s commitment to the promotion of tourism and hospitality in the country through huge investment on infrastructure. Osinbajo made the pledge in his address at the official commissioning of the Conference Hotel and Suites, Abeokuta. The multi-million naira Hotel owned by former Ogun State Governor, Otunba Gbenga Daniel was confiscated for eight years by the last administration in the state. In attendance at the ceremony were Governor Dapo Abiodun; former Governor of Ogun State, Chief Olusegun Osoba; lotto magnate, Chief Kessignton Adebutu; Alake and Paramount ruler of Egbaland, Oba Dr. Adedotun Aremu Gbadebo; Akarigbo of Remoland, Oba Babatunde Ajayi; Olu of Ilaro, Oba Kehinde Olugbenle Others include Prince Gboyega Nasir Isiaka; former Minster of State for Defence, Senator Musiliu Obanikoro; Senator Babafemi Ojudu; Ogun State House of Assembly Speaker, Rt Hon. Olakunle Oluomo among others. According to Osinbajo, tourism is increasingly becoming the driver of the global economy, hence the need to support the industry with investment on infrastructure. He said the Federal Government is deliberately investing critically on infrastructure to aid the ease of doing business by private investors, this he said would position the country for accelerated economic growth. ALSO READ: FRSC boss laments underhand dealings in licensing offices Judge flees as SSS invades court to re-arrest Sowore, Bakare Osun should not have one and half university while Oyo has… I nearly took my life due to depression  —UK Based Singer,… I feed, clothe him, but he still beats me for allegedly… Osinbajo commended Governor Abiodun for creating an enabling environment for private businesses to thrive. He said: “In the next years, tourism will be the main driver of the economy. Our government is investing heavily on infrastructure to aid the ease of doing business in Nigeria and to position ourselves in such a way that we would be able to take advantage of global tourism benefits. “We are focusing on key infrastructural projects. Our administration is resolutely committed to promoting culture and tourism, as well as the hospitality industry. As a government, it is our business to invest on infrastructure which will encourage private businesses to invest on hotels and tourist attraction sites.” Osinbajo described Conference Hotel as a “major boost and significant offering to Nigeria’s hospitality industry.” Governor Abiodun in his remarks commended his predecessor for providing succour to teeming youths by employing over 300 workers. He reiterated his administration’s support for public, private partnerships, urging other wealthy citizens of the state to contribute their quota to the economy of the state. Abiodun said: “We will continue to improve on the ease of doing business in Ogun State, even as we make concerted efforts at digitising our economy.” Daniel acknowledged the support of the current governor of the state in the eventual opening and operation of the hotel. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!