The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has congratulated the newly elected chairmen and councillors of the 16 local government councils, following the official announcement of Saturday’s council election results by the State Independent Electoral Commission (SIEC). The governor in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode, also commiserated with the family of Dotun Kosedake, who was killed in the fracas that took place in Ikere-Ekiti during the poll, calling on police authorities in the state to get to the root of what actually transpired with a view to bringing the culprits to book. Governor Fayemi said he was particularly impressed the election held under a peaceful atmosphere as voters and SIEC officials conducted themselves in orderly manners. While congratulating the newly elected council chiefs, the Governor urged them to see their election as a call to serve, adding that they cannot afford to disappoint those who voted for them. ALSO READ: Juice Wrld: US rapper dies aged 21 ‘after seizure at airport’ LG poll: APC wins 16 chairmanship seats in Ekiti One killed, others injured in Ekiti LG poll We won’t rig Saturday’s LG poll ― Fayemi We won’t rig Saturday’s LG poll ― Fayemi He reminded them of his administration’s zero-tolerance for corruption and mediocrity, adding that it is no longer business as usual in the councils. He said: “I congratulate the good people of Ekiti State, for demonstrating their peaceful nature and love for democracy during Saturday’s council poll. The professionalism of SIEC under the leadership of Justice Jide Aladejana is also commendable. “I also congratulate and welcome onboard all our newly elected chairmen and councillors. I urge them to see their election as a call to serve and should do their best not to disappoint the people that voted for them. “They should be guided by the fact that our administration has zero-tolerance for corruption and it is certainly not going to be business as usual in our councils this time around. “While the election was largely peaceful, the incident in Ikere was, however, a sour point. We commiserate with the family of the deceased, even as I have directed the police in the state to investigate what actually transpired and bring the perpetrators to book,” the statement added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!