Kwara State Governor, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, on Wednesday called on his cabinet members to be prepared to make “required sacrifice” as the administration gets down for the task of rebuilding the state. In his address to commissioner-designates, special advisers and other government functionaries at the opening session of a retreat for incoming cabinet in Patigi, Patigi Local Government Area on Wednesday, the governor said, “The objectives of the retreat are clear, unambiguous and straight forward. It behoves on us all to participate effectively and evolve plausible ideas that would help our administration to quickly chart a course that would make the difference.” Governor Abdulrazaq said the retreat had been designed to sharpen the appointees and place them on a better pedestal to impact positively on the people. Represented by the deputy governor, Mr Kayode Alabi, Governor Abdulrazaq said the administration was elected to give Kwarans a new lease of life, hope and take the state to the frontline position in the country, urging the appointees to bring their experience and expertise to bear as they assume duties. Court orders interim forfeiture of ex-Senate… Kwara teachers ask Gov Abdulrazaq to offset N37.2m unpaid… Alumni mourn three Fed Poly Offa graduates killed in auto… Kwara gov’s wife empowers 1,000 indigent women, youths ALSO READ: Sanwo-Olu flags off Victoria Island-Oniru 1.8km road network “I implore you all to continue meaningfully to enrich the outcome of this retreat for the good of the greatest number of our people whom we were elected to serve. Through this effort, we would have proved beyond any reasonable doubts that we are up to the task and prepared to face the obvious challenges of governance,” he said. The governor asked the cabinet picks to reflect upon the agenda articulated in his inaugural address, saying discussions at the retreat would centre on the priorities, expectations and objectives of the administration. He said the retreat would adopt the policy thrusts of the government, identify key strategic priorities as well as strategies to achieve them, and review the draft four years rolling strategy plan for Kwara State. “Retreats of this nature are expected to give participants ample opportunity to seriously reflect on the essence of governance and evolve pragmatic vision that would not only stand the test of time but which would be fully receptive to the systematic implementation of policies and programmes to make life more meaningful for our people,” the Governor said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!