Assistant Inspector General Of Police Zone 2,  AIG Ahmed Iliyasu has assured residents of Lagos and Ogun States of the Southwest a crime-free period during the Yuletide season. Iliyasu, who made this known during the investiture ceremony of the Group Managing Director of Adron Homes as the Grand Patron of the Police Community Relations Committee (PCRC) Southwest Zone, said this was achieved due to the established renewed commitment of the committee and the force. He noted that officers have been charged with duties in cognisance of flashpoints and highways towards ensuring long-lasting crime-free zone. “In terms of the Yuletide, people would enjoy the period without hindrance and with their eyes closed. “Reviewing last year and this year, the difference is very different. There is a reduction of crimes and criminalities as far as this zone is concerned because of a renewed commitment. “We have a national order. We have a local operation order. We have charged each commandant, each officer with particular duties to perform taking into cognisance all the highways, Ibadan-Lagos expressway and other flashpoints. “Policy architecture of Lagos and Ogun State is not new to me. I have the whole architecture at my palm. I know all the black spots. I know all the flashpoints. But, one thing I would tell you is that crime is dynamic. It is fluid. Crimes and criminals change their tactics and modes,” he said. Ahmed noted that the Nigerian Police is currently being to be technology-driven as scientific tools are being deployed to nip criminal activities in the bud. He said that crimes have taken over cyberspace as criminals are hacking the assets of others. “In view of that, the current national plan of the police is launching the Nigerian Police into the area of technology. “Technology and scientific tools are now being deployed to ensure criminals are intercepted, trapped and dealt with accordingly- tactless, IRT, SARS and others are undergoing training and this is moved to each and every Zone in the country. ALSO READ: Buhari reserves right to reconstitute NDDC Board ― Senator Gaya “Criminals have no hidden place because crime now is even taken place in the cyberspace. People are hacking into other people’s assets. People are stealing other people’s assets but you do not see them,” Ahmed said. E-immgration: NIS captures 11,000 immigrants in Ogun Ogun APC cautions aggrieved leaders, members against using… Lagos commences sale of lake rice for Yuletide celebration Power minister assures Nigerians of power supply during… While speaking on the importance of the Investiture as it relates to community policing, the zonal officer noted that the security duty is returning to the people; hence, the rationale behind recognizing people who have been turning the wheels of policing in the community in the right direction. Ahmed noted that community policing strategy as approved by the Federal Government, as well as the Inspector General Of Police, supports operational strategies to be people’s based and democratic policies. “The importance of today’s event is not far-fetched. You know now, not only nationally but also internationally, the issue of security and Safety is returning back to people and society. The Public is the security of the nation and the security of the nation is the security of the public. “The template of community policing strategy as approved by the Federal Government, as well as the Inspector General Of Police restructuring and directing all our operational strategies to be people’s based and democratic policies. “All those who have hand in security are welcomed to be on board to ensure that this strategy is fully deployed and implemented. In this side of the world because of the long engagement we have been doing, we have micro-units of police engagement. “The people who are out there in the hinterlands -farmers and fishermen were really serious about changing the ethos and values of policing in Nigeria. That is what informed today’s engagement. “To recognise great people who are bringing up their resources and hands coming together to ensure we achieve a safer and most secure environment, especially in zone 2 and generally in the Southwest. “Today, we have someone here who is close and have been doing his best to see that Police is more acceptable and trusted. We appreciate the stakeholders and partners, especially the government in these two zones and concerned persons who are willing to enthrone new values in terms of trust and confidence in policy,” Ahmed said. Speaking also, The Group Managing Director, Adron Homes, Aare Adetola Olaonipekun accepted grand patron’s offer of the Committee, assuring to meet with the PCRC Excos in the two states in order to chart a new course. “I hereby accept to be the grand patron of the Community Engagement Service. “When I got the letter, I had to go online to understand them more, understanding their responsibility to prevent crime in all fronts; hence, I gladly appreciate being beckoned on for this monumental position. “We have done several things supporting the Nigerian police force, PCRC. I would meet with the State Excos PCRC to chart a new course to see a new PCRC in the southwest.” The National Vice-Chairman, PCRC SouthWest Zone, Alh Ibrahim Olaniran described the newly adorned grand patron as honest and sincere diligent, lauding his contributions in the area of vehicles and station repairs. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!