ADDRESSING the behavioural aspect of environmental health, public-private partnership, adequate funding and political will from government authorities are necessary if Nigeria is to achieve its goal of ending open defecation by 2030. This was the submission of Nigeria’s first professor of environmental health sciences in West Africa, Professor Godson Ana, while speaking to newsmen at the launch of the Child Environment and Safety Trust (CHEST), held at the Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Ibadan, on Friday. Nigeria’s target is to end open defecation by 2030. But Professor Ana, who is also the founding and managing editor of African Journal of Environmental Health Sciences (AJES) said, “We have very poor environmental behaviour. Why do people eat bananas and just throw the peels anywhere? Why is it that when people are pressed, they just urinate anywhere? It is a decay in culture.” Professor Ana said the rot can be reversed with good upbringing among children. He added that though Nigeria had good policies that could address the issue, he noted that “the goodwill of government is not there. Government must be committed to the implementation of policies. Government should provide funding for training of teachers. Impact of smartphones in our society ‘Environmental actions govt, Nigerians must take in 2020’ Airtel Africa targets $37.5m in Malawi IPO Minister commends CBN for slashing ATM, transfer charges In addition, Professor Ana said government should not be left alone. “Corporate organisations should be involved to support these initiatives.” He dedicated CHEST to his late parents who he said taught him the culture of hygiene. He added that CHEST was his own way of giving back and contributing to society. “We want to reverse the decay in environmental health the society is facing through training and advocacy.” CHEST is a child-based non-governmental not-for-profit organisation with a vision to raise future leaders from a cleaner, safer and healthier world. The focus of CHEST includes child health advocacy, in-school environmental monitoring, environmental/safety training and education. Professor Ana said that to achieve its objectives, CHEST will train teachers, students and engage stakeholders. Oyo State Commissioner for Education, Professor Dahud Shangodoyin, who was special guest of honour at the event indicated the ministry’s readiness to partner with CHEST. He noted that the NGO’s presence in Oyo State schools would promote the government’s goal of improving the wellbeing of its citizens. Guest lecturer at the event, Professor Janice Olawoyin, who spoke on the theme, “Born for Greatness,” noted that “greatness does not just happen.” She emphasised the need for mentorship in achieving greatness, saying “With determination and guidance, greatness has emerged from disadvantaged environments.” She also noted that “external influences on a child’s development go far beyond what we see.” A book, ‘Basic Environmental Health for Schools,’ authored by Professor Ana, was launched at the event which also marked his 50th birthday anniversary. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!