I was not there when it happened, I was not born either so I wouldn’t know what actually happened but I was told (or rather alleged) that it was on the orders of Baba Buhari that my father was arrested and detained. What was his “alleged” crime then? I was told that my father bought sacks of food items including rice, beans, and other food stuff and hid them in his big store to sell at exorbitant price in the market during food shortage. Later and upon investigation, my father was released. But I did not bow to Baal, I didn’t buy this story and I found it misleading which was meant to sow the seed of hatred on my role model. Even my father justified that the story as it was narrated was not true. Dear Mr. Femi Adesina, “please tell Baba we are with him all the way.” I know you don’t know me, neither does Baba, but I am with him all the way. Count me among the 7000 who did not bow to Baal or to put it succinctly in your words, I am among the millions of quiet Nigerians who appreciate that he is here for such a time as this and who believe that he is leading us to a new Nigeria, a land flowing with milk and honey.” let me tell you why I chose him; I chose him for his uprightness, honesty, integrity, foresight and for never giving up on what he believes in. The only difference between me and that young man in the plane who slipped a note saying “please tell Baba we are with him all the way” is that I have faith in the country even before Baba came to power, but I was misled by those who have come before Baba, so the coming of Baba in 2015 was like saving the situation. In the past before Baba came to power, I only think it is only the children of those in high places that get better jobs. The Hausa people have a saying “Mai uwa a bakin murhu, baya kwana da yunwa.” This literally translates to someone whose mother is cooking will never be hungry. That was the situation we found ourselves then, and then God sent Baba, the oxygen that will resuscitate Nigeria and as you said “it is not business as usual.” PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens Dear Femi, please tell Baba his friends, Nigerians, countrymen and the entire people of the world that “I have chosen my hero, let them choose theirs.” I have chosen my role model for his fight against indiscipline, I have chosen the chosen one for his fight against corruption and the corrupt. I wish I can one day have a handshake with Baba and remind him that just as Baba belongs to nobody and to everybody I also belong to nobody and to everybody. Please remind Baba to never give up in his fight against corruption. Abbas Abubakar Umar, 08033928954 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!