Vice-Chancellor of the Federal University, Kashere in Gombe state, Prof Alhassan Mohammed Gani has lamented the dearth of females students in the North thereby appealing for encouragement by stakeholders to change the tide positively. While delivering his convocation speech at the combined convocation ceremony of the University on Saturday, the VC expressed disappointment that out of the total number of the graduating students only 298 are females saying that the number is discouraging. Alhassan Gani also said that the University has put in place several modalities that will make learning atmosphere conducive for all the students particularly the females stressing however that no act of indiscipline will be condoned by the authorities. ALSO READ: Sowore: NBA condemns unlawful detention of Nigerians He added that in its eight years of existence, the University has excelled in various areas of academic, disclosing that the NUC has given accreditations to over 40 programs in the University including postgraduate school. In terms of infrastructure development, the VC told the audience that almost all of the projects he inherited have been completed while new ones are ongoing but appealed to the Federal Government through the Ministry of Education to as a matter of necessity release capital funds to the University. To the graduating students, Alhassan Gani charged them to take the Bull by the horns and face the challenges ahead with vigour and determination to overcome advising them to put to use all they have learned while pursuing the academic careers. Government alone cannot fund university education ― AAUA VC My national productivity award, call for higher service ―… VC charges UI postgraduates not to lose faith in Nigeria Insecurity, major challenge to agricultural development ―… The VC further charged them not to wait for white-collar jobs but venture into self-employment through the skills they have acquired and become employers of Labour so that they can contribute to the economic development of the country. He then disclosed that a total of 1,726 students out of which 50 bag First Class graduated explaining that 629 of the graduands were awarded Second Class Upper while 873 had Second Class Lower, 164 with Third class and 10 with Pass Degree. In his speech, Pro-Chancellor and Chairman, Governing Council of the University, AbdulMuhiyyi Mukhtar charged the graduating students to be good and worthy ambassadors of the University having been found worthy of the certification in academics and character. He further charged them not to relent in their pursuit of excellence anywhere they find themselves stressing that the University can only impart knowledge in them while it is now left to them to make positive use of the acquired knowledge. Pro-Chancellor of the University, Dr Agabaidu Elias Ikoyi Obekpa, CON, who is also the Och’Idoma congratulated the graduands and charged them not to relent in their pursuit for education and knowledge stressing that nothing is as good as education which is the best inheritance one can get. The Traditional Ruler commended the University communities for doing a good job of imparting positive knowledge on the students saying that posterity will definitely judge them right at the end of the whole process. He then appealed to the Federal Government to ensure that the University got adequate attention particularly in the area of prompt release of allocation to enable it to complete the various projects it embarked. Among the dignitaries that attended the convention are the Senate President, Ahmed Lawan, Senate Leader, Gombe State Governor, Inuwa Yahaya, Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Dr Ali Ibrahim Pantami, Senator representing Gombe Central, Sen Muhammad Danjuma Goje as well traditional rulers led by the Emir of Gombe, Alh Abubakar Umar III. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!