The Chairman, Senate Committee on Judiciary and Human Rights, Hon Opeyemi Bamidele, has said the release of the former National Security Adviser, Sambo Dasuki and the leader of #RevolutionNow Omoyele Soworo from detention, had debunked the claim that the All Progressives Congress-led federal government was gagging the judiciary. The lawmaker, representing Ekiti Central Senatorial District, stressed that the release further corroborated President Muhammadu Buhari’s ardent belief in the judiciary, as the bastion of democracy and the rule of law. Dasuki, who had been detained since 2016 over his role in the $2.1 billion alleged missing armed funds under President Goodluck Jonathan and Sowore, incarcerated for spearheading a group called #RevolutionNow, was released by Department of State Services, on Tuesday. ALSO READ: Dasuki, Sowore release won’t change anything ― PDP Applauding the FG’s position on the issue, Bamidele, in an interview with newsmen in Ado Ekiti on Thursday, appealed to Nigerians not to capitalise on the mistake committed by the DSS to pass incendiary comments that could diminish the APC’s government’s enormous respect for the judicial arm. Bamidele commended the Attorney General and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami for acting promptly and gave the apt advice that was in tandem with public opinion and agitations of Nigerians on the dragged and contentious issue. Anambra community leader seeks FG’s intervention on… Dasuki, Sowore release won’t change anything ― PDP Set detained critics free, Atiku tells FG, state governments… Sowore, Dasuki’s release soothing balm for Nigeria ―… “It is trite that the rule of law is the bedrock of any democracy. It is the fulcrum on which democracy hangs and survives and no nation can joke with it. APC was circumspect of this fact and had been aligning itself with this reality, both in actions and policies. “The fact that President Buhari, through the instrumentality of the Attorney General, acted swiftly to correct the embarrassment caused by overzealous DSS operatives, who invaded a sitting court to arrest Sowore, vividly confirmed that the APC believes in the rule of law and the sanctity of the temple of justice. “We are particularly elated by the FG’s gesture because it will go a long way in further establishing the fact that Nigeria is not a pariah state. When leaders venerate the Judiciary, it deepens democracy and tames tendencies for anarchical actions that could truncate the system. ALSO READ: President Buhari greets Ganduje at 70 “It was in line with that tenet to strengthen the judiciary and the rule of law, that the FG, through the office of the Attorney General of the federation took over Sowore’s case from DSS and some other corruption cases from EFCC. “I appeal to all the agencies of government vested with prosecutorial powers, to always bury their emotions and exercise cautions while dealing with issues, to protect the integrity of the Buhari-led government, whose respect for the judiciary, had serially been demonstrated and amplified, ” he said. Bamidele promised that the National Assembly’s Committees on Judiciary in both chambers would continually engage the leaderships and come up with the right amendments that could strengthen the judiciary and other institutions of government. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!