A woman, Mary Dickson, has dragged her husband, John Dickson, before Oja Oba/ Court C Customary Court, Ibadan, Oyo State, seeking that it dissolve their nine-year-old marriage. Mary in her suit accused her husband of irresponsibility and incest. The plaintiff appealed to the court if her prayer was answered, to grant her custody of their two children and make him responsible for their needs. She also implored the court to stop him from harassing her in her place of residence and work place. John did not show up in court after being served a court summon and court hearing. Giving her evidence, Mary stated that:”My lord, my husband is irresponsible. He also did the abominable and this is taking its toll on my health. “He has failed to play the role of father to our two children as it is expected of him. He left the care of these children to me and never bothered to know how they fare or survive each day. “He’s also not interested in their education. I enrolled them in school and have been responsible for the payment of their fees.” She went on:”My lord, John is a beast. He did the abominable. My husband defiled my daughter who I had in my previous marriage. He defiled her at age 12 and started having sex with her without my knowledge. “John would wait till I had gone to the market early in the morning and have carnal knowledge of her. “According to my daughter, he always threatened to stop training her in school if she informed me of his illicit act. Women more important than men in politics —Ekiti deputy gov UI makes Olaniyan, Oyo dep gov’s wife; Animasahun, 7 others… $1.2m Malabu oil scandal: EFCC secures court order to detain… N40.6bn export goods depart Lagos port in 2019-Customs “My lord, I noticed that my daughter suddenly started running away from home. She would stay away from home sometimes for up to two weeks. “John went to the extent of sleeping with her in the bush. He would take her out of the house early in the day with the pretext that they were going to work on the farm and would have marathon sex with her. They would both return back home late in the night without me suspecting anything. “My daughter confided in her friend who informed her mother. It was her friend’s mother who let the cat out of the bag. She told me my husband had been sleeping with my daughter more than three years. “I was shocked to hear this. I asked my daughter and she confirmed it. She explained to me how he defiled her. My lord, my husband didn’t deny it when he was confronted with his atrocity. “My lord, what John did is regarded as an abomination in our town. It is a taboo. I fell ill as a result of his shameful act and have not got better. He’s expected to carry out a rite in our village to wade off the imminent tragic occurrence. If he refused to I will die. “I pray this honourable court to mandate him to carry out this rite. “My lord, the sight of my husband irritates me. I can’t stick him any longer. I pray that you separate us and hand over our children to me for adequate care. “I also plead with the court to enforce it that he should be responsible for their upkeep, “she stated. Giving his judgment after he had heard the plaintiff, the court president, Chief Ademole Odunade, noted that it was obvious that their relationship had broken down irretrievably. Ruling, he dissolved their union and granted the plaintiff custody of their two children. The defendant was asked to pay the sum of N10, 000 as their children’s feeding allowance. This the court said must be paid through the court. The court in addition mandated him to be responsible for their education and health care. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!