A combined team of security operatives, on Saturday, gunned down an armed robber and arrested four others when they invaded a first generation bank in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja. The incident, which occurred in Mpape, threw the whole area into confusion as both the customers who were at the Automated Teller Machine (ATM) to withdraw cash and passersby ran for dear lives. Witnesses told Tribune Online that the armed robbers stormed the bank, and shot sporadically into the air to scare away people. It was further gathered that shortly after gaining entrance into the banking hall, the police and members of the Nigerian Army arrived the scene but the robbers refused to come out from the bank. Tribune Online also gathered that one of the robbers who attempted to force his way out was shot but remained indoors with a gunshot injury.  A statement by ASP Mariam Yusuf, the Deputy Police Public Relations Officer of the command, said the suspects were arrested while trying to escape. How North uses Shettimas to catch monkeys in Nigeria A song like Senator Uwajumogu 2019: Year of upsets, back-stabbings Christians without churches… She said the prompt response to a distress call by operatives of the command foiled the attempted robbery of the bank. ALSO READ: Day of mourning in Kazakhstan following plane crash that killed 12 “Police operatives were immediately deployed to the scene and engaged in a cross fire with the robbers thereby foiling the attack on the bank. “The operation, with the backup of soldiers, led to the arrest of four suspects and killing of one person while trying to escape,” she said. Yusuf said the Commissioner of Police in charge of the Command, Mr Bala Ciroma had ordered a discreet investigation into the incident. She called on FCT residents to remain calm, as normalcy had been restored and pledged the commitment of the police to nip crime in the bud and ensure safety in the territory. Yusuf urged the public to call on the police through this phone numbers 08032003913, 08061581938, 07057337653 or 08028940883 in case of emergency. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!