NATIONAL Vice Chairman of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) South- West, Dr Eddy Olafeso, on Monday in Lagos inaugurated the new exco of the party in the state headed by Engr Deji Doherty, declaring that the current peace in Lagos chapter of PDP was a guarantee that a new dawn had come for the South-West people in general. Olafeso said this after administering the oath of office on the new state chairman and his team at Oregun area of the state and attended by party chieftains, including former ministers, Dr Bimbo Ogunkelu, Barr (Mrs) Modupe Adelaja; former party chairman in the state, Capt. Tunji Selleh (rtd.); Mrs Owoseni Titilayo, Muiz Dosunmu, Mr Taofik Gani, all the 20 local government chairmen of PDP and a host of others. “The peace in Lagos PDP is a guarantee that a new dawn has come for the South-West people in general,” he affirmed. According to Olafeso, the South- West chapter of PDP had been at a crossroad as a result of the failure of its Lagos chapter to harness its potentials in Lagos which he noted was a very important state in the region. He, however, expressed the belief that the state chapter of PDP under the leadership of Engr Doherty “is going to disappoint its enemies’ incoming polls in the state because it is going to be victorious,” urging party members to give him the needed support. APC sweeps 22 chairmanship positions in Niger Lawal Idirisu retains rep seat in Ajaokuta rerun election Dino Melaye vows to contest Adeyemi’s victory in court Africa replacing military coup with political coup ―… ALSO READ: 2 policemen kill by IPOB in Anambra, says police authority The party chieftain, while thanking PDP leaders in the state for their efforts in restoring peace in Lagos chapter, stressed that a lot of hard work was needed to be put in place as the challenges facing the country were enormous. Doherty, in his response, thanked all the party chieftains that made the restoration of peace possible, most specially Dr Ogunkelu, who was the chairman of reconciliation committee instituted by the National Working Committee (NWC) of the party, Senator Ben Obi as well as Chief Olabode George, who is former Deputy National Chairman of the party and a host of others. Doherty maintained that a new dawn for the party had come for PDP in the state, declaring that the party was now one and united entity as the 35/65 sharing formula for party positions was no more in existence. He stated that the party was focused on operating a 7-point agenda, which include “instilling discipline within the party, re-branding the party to attract Lagos voters, creating and establishing a strong Information, Computer Technology (ICT) department for control, monitoring and fast-tracking information, strengthening the local government, introduction of long-lasting training programme, reorganising the legal department,” among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!