Kano Elders under the auspices of Advocates For United Kano ,headed by a former presidential candidate of the defunct National Republican Convention (NRC) Alhaji Alhaji Bashir Tofa ,has called on the state Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje ,to repeal the Kano Emirate law that created four additional Emirates in the state,saying it would end up destroyed the ageing tradition of the ancient city of Kano This is just as the Elders said: “the Governor, for political reasons, has deliberately overlooked the numerous words of wisdom written to him formally and/or expressed through various media and went heedlessly ahead to sign into law the obnoxious bill creating 4 additional Emirates within the historical jurisdiction of the Kano Emirate.” According to a statement issued and assigned on Sunday by Alhaji Bashir Tofa alongside ten others and made available to newsmen in Kano frowned at the creation and the attempt to destroy 1000 years old heritage. “Unfortunately, however, the actions of Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje which, to a greater extent, borders on personal margins, are unequivocally bent on destroying that legacy.’’ ALSO READ: I see no hope for Nigeria ― Opadokun The statement further stated, we hereby express deep concern about the persistence of Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje at the destruction of the Kano Emirate, a product of the efforts of our forefathers, which has survived for centuries championing purposeful administration and scholarship in Kano State and beyond, His words, “The Advocate for United Kano is a non-partisan group of citizens from all professions and backgrounds, who are law-abiding and irrevocably committed to the peace and progress of our dear State. The Elders noted that “It is without a doubt that the Kano Emirate has, for centuries, been a formidable force in shaping the character and economic outlook of the Kano society in particular and Nigeria as a whole. Kano targets 3.8m Children for meningitis vaccination JUST IN: Kano Assembly approves bill on creation of 4… Ganduje tasks corps members on accepting teaching positions Kano govt plans to establish trust fund to boost education The statement decried what it described as the Governor’s deliberate attempt to politicize the influencing Emirate in Nigeria, therefore ignoring every effort of well-meaning individuals that have cautioned him. ALSO READ: We need to modify Nigeria’s electoral process ― Ebira Nation The Elder therefore disclosed that “Well-meaning citizens cutting across various spheres of endeavour (religious, political, academic, legal, judicial etc) have expressed views that despite the ill-conceived action of the Governor, Kano Emirate “has remained the most influential emirate in the Sokoto Caliphate under the control of the Emir of Kano, traversing the entire territory that is now known as Kano State.” ‘’The Governor has severally been cautioned to apply reason and rectitude in contemplating dissecting the Kano Emirate to meet certain political ends. But political impunity and vendetta have beclouded his good senses of reasoning and judgement. Clearly, he is resolute in the mission of destroying the legacy of Sheik Usman Dan Fodio, which Kano Emirate duly represents.’’ The statement, however, noted that “Governor, for political reasons, has deliberately overlooked the numerous words of wisdom written to him formally and/or expressed through various media and went heedlessly ahead to sign into law the obnoxious bill creating 4 additional Emirates within the historical jurisdiction of the Kano Emirate.” He also trampled the sound counselling adduced by Lawyers and Courts of appropriate jurisdictions and continued with the unilateral action leading to the creation of the new emirates. It would, however, be recalled that the bill creating the four new emirates was passed by the state house of assembly on December 5th, Thursday and signed by Governor Abdullahi Ganduje the same day. Although the bill was reasserted to by the governor, as it was earlier signed in May 2019 for the creation of the Emirates but was nullified by a Kano High Court presided by Justice Usman Na’aba on November, 21. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!