The abducted wife and children of the traditional ruler of Odigbo, in Odigbo Local Government Area of Ondo State, the Orunja of Odigbo, Oba Rufus Akinrimade, have regained freedom. The Queen and her daughter along with the driver were abducted along Owo/ Akungba road in Oba Akoko, in Akoko South West Local Government Area of the state, on their way to Akungba Akoko. The victims who had been in the captive of the kidnappers for about six days before they regained their freedom on Friday. The kidnappers had demanded N100 million ransom for the release of the four victims which was later reduced to N60million after negotiating with the family. ALSO READ: Foundation set to award N39m to 10 young Africans A palace source who confirmed the release of the victims said the four kidnapped persons had reunited with the family He, however, declined to comment on the amount paid as ransom before the four victims were released. NGO to provide free medical service for 5000 people in Ondo Ondo Police arrests ten over protest, burning of church Monarch hails Kwara governor over appointment Akeredolu lauds state religious leaders for support, prayers The monarch also confirmed the release of the victim but declined to speak further on their release. The monarch’s wife was heading to Akungba from Odigbo to visit another child who is an undergraduate at Adekunle Ajasin University Akungba Akoko (AAUA) when the gunmen seized them. Confirming the incident, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Mr Femi Joseph, said the three members of a family and their driver had been released. Joseph, however,  did not confirm if the kidnappers were paid ransom before releasing the victims He said the Command had begun an investigation into the incident with an assurance to bring the kidnappers to book. According to Joseph,  the Command had noticed the recent developments in the area and had re-strategised to wade off the criminals from the route. He disclosed that the command had increased its manpower to tackle the kidnappers and bring them to book, saying “the command will do everything possible to put an end to kidnapping incident on this axis of the road and other places across the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!