THE Kogi State Government has said the few flashes of attacks witnessed some weeks ago were traced to criminals who entered the state to foment trouble. In a statement in Lokoja over the weekend, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Information and Communications Strategy, Kingsley Fanwo, said the government has tightened the noose on the bandits and it will be difficult for them to disturb the peace of the state anymore. He mentioned that the state government will not soft-pedal in its decision to ensure the security of lives and property as he assured residents and commuters of their safety in the state during the Yuletide, insisting that measures are in place to ensure the security of all. “We urge our people to be rest assured that adequate measures are in place to protect them wherever they are. Commuters have nothing to fear, traversing the state as our Operation Total Freedom is capable of maintaining our momentum against criminal elements. “The government Of Kogi State will continue to put security on the front burners in order to retain the confidence of investors to see Kogi State as an investment destination.” Youths clash with security agents as fire consumes market in… Monarch urges Christians to maintain peace and unity FG granted N1.024trn waivers in four years Opeifa explains reasons why traffic gridlock returned to… ALSO READ: SDP chides Buhari, NASS over N37b budget to renovate Assembly complex Fanwo said the state has remained “on top of the security game due to the periodic review of its performance in order to permanently close the door against criminality in the state,” assuring the people that the development witnessed in the state was large as a result of the “uncompromising position of the GYB administration on security matters. “The governor, the state security adviser, the security agents and the people of the state are on top of the security game in the state. We are all on the same page as far as fighting crimes is concerned. It is unimaginable the level of technology the state government has put in place to power its Techno-Crime Combat Initiative. The model adopted in Kogi State has been effective and assuring. “As far as the Kogi State government is concerned, security is pivotal to the development and economic prosperity, hence, the need to ratchet vigilance on criminal elements who have found our security policies and commitment tough to deal with,“ the statement reads. Kogi State was notorious for violent crimes before 2016, a situation that has been largely put under control by the present administration in the Confluence State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!