The Chairman, Four seasons Legacy Investments, Dr James Fadel has assured Nigerians living in the diaspora of solving their real estate challenges in Nigeria. Dr James gave this assurance at the launching of the Nigeriandreamhomes.com platform yesterday in Lagos. He said that majority of Nigerians living abroad have been frustrated, defrauded, endangered and encountered difficulties in a bid to have a property in the country. “Four Seasons Legacy Investments is a global company with a focus on helping people at the home and investment property owners in Nigeria and abroad without hassle. “It as well seeks to restore investor confidence while providing the most suitable alternatives for Nigerians at home and abroad. “It is strategically positioned to resolve some of the challenges people in diaspora constantly face with regards to mitigating the risk of frauds, eliminating travel risks and the need to give money to family members, sourcing for loans and getting vetted professionals to handle projects on behalf of our clients in the diaspora,” Dr James said. ALSO READ: Are ready-made housing units panacea for Nigeria’s housing deficit? Reps probe multi-billion dollars remitted by Nigerians in… Invest in Nigeria in your own interest, Soludo tells… Nigeria’s fraud scandals and the tribal war therein Nollywood Actor, Lateef Adedimeji Joins Rolad Properties As… While speaking on the nigeriandreamhomes.com, the Chairman said the platform captures all the vital information needed to meet the dream while at the same time providing clients with adequate protection and easy access to various partners. He added that it would also ensure proper insurance coverage on the property, quality assurance, interior design and real estate management. Speaking also, The Chief Executive Officer, Four Seasons, Dr Bisi Tofade noted that the company partnered with fidelity bank in order to ease the entire process for the people living abroad. Bisi said that people in the diaspora have a penchant to build investment properties and homes in Nigeria. “Projects are paid in stages by the receiving bank (Fidelity bank) From Client’s account when authorized after each milestone is accomplished to our client’s specification and satisfaction. “Throughout the process, the clients have total control of their money through their account its fidelity bank and do not have to risk having huge amounts of money in their personal possession when they travel. “People in the diaspora have a yearning to build investment properties and homes in Nigeria and they are looking for trustworthy collaborators here in Nigeria to work within building commercial properties such as retirement homes, resort centres, industrial parks and estates” Dr Bisi noted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!