The Rector, Abraham Adesanya Polytechnic (AAPOLY), Ijebu-Igbo, Ogun State, Professor J.B. Bilesanmi-Awoderu, has said the institution recorded zero violence in the year 2019. She made this known in a welcome address delivered during the institution’s maiden Christmas carol celebration held at its main auditorium recently. While appreciating God for His faithfulness over the institution, Bilesanmi-Awoderu said: “This year has been the most peaceful year since I became the rector of this institution; I thank God that the academic calendar went has planned, no violence and a lot of achievements were recorded. “It was said that no year will pass without delay in the school academic activities but this year made a difference, and I want to thank the state government for its support for the institution,” she said. Also speaking at the event, a priest from St. James Anglican Church, Atikori, Venerable (DR) O. Otegbola, said: “I was surprised with the setting of this programme; I couldn’t believe this is the maiden edition.” Pilgrimage: Opportunity to reposition Nigeria’s… Bandits who invaded Kogi fomenting trouble ― Government Youths clash with security agents as fire consumes market in… Monarch urges Christians to maintain peace and unity ALSO READ: Bandits who invaded Kogi fomenting trouble ― Government He appreciated the rector and the organising committee for a job well done. Dr Otegbola delivered a message on the theme of the programme, “The king is born,” as he enlightened attendees about the beauty of the birth of Jesus, the king. The carol service includes; nine lessons, drama, choir ministration and lots more. The event had in attendance, the Keegbo of Atikori, Ijebu-Igbo, Oba Ibiloye Solaja; proprietress, Mercy Model School, Pastor (Dr) V.B. Raji; Engineer E.S.A. Oluyemi; chairperson, organising committee, Mrs K.O Ogunbote; Ag Registrar, Mr S.O Idowu, directors, staff and students. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!