The governor of Lagos State, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu has flagged off the 2019 general pilgrimage to Israel and Rome, in Lagos. The governor congratulated the intending pilgrims of Lagos State for their bold initiative to embark on holy pilgrimage to strengthen their faith in the Lord. He thanked the leadership of the Nigeria Christian Pilgrim Commission (NCPC) for choosing Lagos State for the flag-off of this year’s general pilgrimage exercise, promising that next year’s commitment will surpass this year’s record in terms of pilgrimage support and development. Sanwo-Olu who described pilgrimage as a a lifetime spiritual transformation journey of pilgrims, urged the intending pilgrims to thank God for considering them worthy to re-examine their lives. According to him, “it is an opportunity for you to increase your faith and it will be an opportunity to fellowship with other Christians.” The governor further admonished the intending pilgrims never to think of absconding in Israel. In his words, “I wish you safe journey you will go well, you will come back well, you will come back to impact on your community.” 1,616 civil servants sit for promotion exams in Bauchi DSS abduction of Sowore in Court barbaric, contempt of court… APC not at risk of losing Edo ― Oshiomhole Missing Boy: We are still investigating ― Ondo police In her remarks, the Acting Executive Secretary of the Nigeria Christian Pilgrim Commission, Mrs Esther Kwaghe, thanked President Muhammadu Buhari for approving all the requests of the commission for the 2019 general pilgrimage, saying that the flag off event would remain a special day in the life of the commission since it had put in place all necessary arrangements for a hitch free pilgrimage exercise this year. She added that the commission would continue to strive to maintain zero abscondment, urging the intending pilgrims to resist the temptation of absconding during the pilgrimage. She commended the Lagos State government for allowing the commission to host this year’s general pilgrimage flag off in the State. In his remarks, the Chairman of the Nigeria Christian Pilgrim Commission, Rev. Yomi Kasali, affirmed that “this is the official flag off ceremony of the 2019 general pilgrimage from Lagos State. He thanked the Lagos State governor for his support for Christian pilgrimage, describing Lagos as one of the leading states in terms of pilgrimage support. “Let us project Nigeria positively; we should be good citizens of Nigeria.” The flag-off ceremony of this year’s general pilgrimage to Israel and Rome was graced by His Eminence, Dr Supo Ayokunle, the president of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), the deputy governor of Ekiti State, Otumba Bisi Egbeyemi, amongst others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!