The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) said it has resumed supply of premium motor spirit (PMS) otherwise called petrol to Mosinmi and Satellite depots in Lagos following explosions that rocked some part of the pipelines that supply product to the depots. The explosion occurred on December 5, 2019, where a person was confirmed to have lost his life while another suffered 70 per cent degree of burnt and injuries due to the explosion. Speaking to journalists on Monday during an on-site visit to the scene, the Chief Operating Officer (COO), Downstream, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Adeyemi Adetunji, stated that “We are here to assess the fire at Baruwa village and as you can see the fire has been put out within 24 hours of the fire. We have started pumping product to Mosinmi depot and Satellite depot in Ejigbo since yesterday (Sunday) and everything is under control. “We are discussing with the Nigerian Police regarding some arrests that were made. Investigations are ongoing and once that is concluded we will let Nigerians know. But I must say that this is a particularly difficult area. Last year, there was a fire outbreak twice in this Baruwa area.” ALSO READ: Ekiti govt to prosecute contractor for allegedly abandoning N2.9bn road project NNPC moves to contain oil pipeline fire outbreak at Baruwa… NNPC GMD urges PETAN to focus on gas development TSA: Reps probe 812 MDAs secret accounts with commercial… Sylva tasks firms, IOCs on community development He expressed concerns on deliberate actions of some Nigerians to sabotage the country’s economy by vandalising national assets and appealed to all Nigerians to treat pipelines as not just national assets but their own assets by safeguarding them at all times. According to him: “This year, we have recorded another two incidents. This area is prone to vandalism and while we are doing our best in providing security and rightful maintenance and look at our right of way (ROW) in terms of pipeline integrity, we are also appealing to the residents, community and religious leaders to ensure protection of pipelines because they are Nigerian assets, they are our assets that must be protected by all Nigerians. “Security is for everybody when you see something you must say something. We will continue to engage the community on a regular basis. This is fire, even if a child touches fire once, he won’t near the fire again. How come adults are playing with fire all the time. “This product is highly inflammable and we don’t want any loss of life. All over the world, there are pipelines that are on the surface. We can bury pipelines so deep but it will cost about five times more than the usual cost. We can save much money for other developmental activities.” He, however, assured Nigerians of adequate fuel supply during the Yuletide and beyond by stating that: “There is no cause for alarm, we have enough products at the inland depots and coastal depots in Nigeria. Nigerians are assured of free flow of petroleum products during this Xmas period and new year and beyond. We have perfected and also perfecting new ways to ensure that petroleum products supply and distribution in Nigeria is smooth  going forward.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!