Four weeks after the disappearance of a one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during a Sunday service in a church in Akure, Sotitobire Miracle Centre,  men of the Department of State Security Service (DSS), on Tuesday evening, whisked away the General Overseer of the church, Pastor Babatunde Alfa. The arrest of the founder of the church may not be unconnected with the failure of the State Police Command to make any arrest over the development in the past month. A member of the church, who confirmed the development, said some of the DSS from the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, invaded the church and arrested the Pastor. However, an official of the DSS confirmed the arrest of Babatunde but said the founder of the Church has not been moved out of the state. He disclosed that one of the traditional rulers in the state has been making frantic efforts to ensure the release of the General Overseer of the church by the DSS. ALSO READ: Court remands 4 suspects in custody for allegedly trading in human parts Tribune Online, however, noticed some members of the church keeping vigil at the main road leading to the Ondo State DSS office in Akure, since Tuesday evening. It was gathered that some members of the family of the missing boy had petitioned the DSS over the disappearance of the boy in the church, alleging the police of planning to sweep the matter under carpet. #RevolutionNow: FG sets up panel to investigate DSS court… Sowore: Reps order probe of DSS over invasion of court DSS/Sowore saga: Nigeria gravitating towards anarchy ―… Crisis looms over discovery of oil in Ondo, Delta borderline… Speaking in a telephone interview, the father of the missing who declined to state his whereabout denied writing a petition against the pastor. Kolawole expressed delight that the arrest of the Pastor by the DSS, accusing the state police of food dragging over the issue, and said: “We did not know where this help came from, but I know that we cried out when police asked us to go back and continue worship in the church.” But the State Police Public Relations Officer, Mr Femi Joseph, denied that police was foot-dragging on the case of the missing boy. He said: “lt is not when police arrest people indiscriminately that you know that we are working. “The Commissioner of Police invited all those concerned including the General Overseer of the church, the children’s teachers, ushers and parents of the missing boy. “They were drilled personally by the state police commissioner for over three hours. So the allegation that we are not doing anything is far from being true. ” The matter had been handed over to the Criminal Investigative Department for proper investigation by the commissioner for further investigation. “Police is no magician, we are sad about the incident and would unravel those behind the kidnap of the boy during the church service. “We are digging deep into the mystery surrounding the disappearance of the boy and l want  to assure you that we will come up with the fact and will be made open to the public,” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!