MARIAM Lawani is the founder/CEO, Greenhill Recycling. Speaking on her expectations for the environment in the year ahead, especially in the area of climate change, waste management and recycling, Lawani said, “The world can no longer deny or live in ignorance as the realities of climate change are biting hard. The major contribution to these changes is human activities. I would like to see more people care enough for the environment, and to actually start taking practical measureable steps towards making a difference and quit complaining!” She added that, “It would be great if the authorities can set up schemes that reward and celebrate good behaviour.” If the government authorities do this, “many more people can join in the train.” “And the next step after that would be to put up penalties for noncompliance. I mean in Rwanda, if you are caught littering, you would be arrested. It’s that serious! She explained further her blueprint for environmental action, “Before we get there, people must be encouraged to become responsible stewards of the environment first, and get them to gradually change behaviour – by incentivising and celebrating. And then those who still refuse, sanction them! “Else, we will just be playing lip service and will not achieve any real change.” The Greenhill Recycling boss added that “More producers of these plastics (companies) should rise up to their responsibility of recovering their products from the environment. They must support recycling aggregators and set aside funds to ensure effective collection. “Everyone has a role to play:  consumers must also become more responsible knowing that they are the first recipients of the consequences of their behaviour, whether good or bad.” Seyifunmi Adebote, an environmentalist and a youth delegate to the recent UN COP25 climate conference, told Ecoscope that “The Federal Government of Nigeria should make environmental actions priority. 2019 was an opportunity for the government to appreciate the roles of young people. In 2020, I believe the roles of youths will be increased and we will continue to push the government to work, as well as, show readiness to contribute when called upon. “As of today, we know that environmental issues in Nigeria are not on the government’s priority list, hence, the government keeps shooting itself in the leg with many anti-environmental policies, partnerships and structures that outright negate the verbal commitment to be environmentally responsible. “The most important thing will be that the young people continue to use founded approaches and the experiences of other counterparts to get the government of Nigeria and the people to do better.” Impact of smartphones in our society How Nigeria can end open defecation by 2030 —Prof Ana Airtel Africa targets $37.5m in Malawi IPO Minister commends CBN for slashing ATM, transfer charges President of the Environmental Health Students Association (EHSA) at the University of Ibadan, Jentle Esuong speaks on his expectations on environment in 2020 with specific reference to waste management. “The poor waste management in Nigeria is no longer news and is very evident in the city of Ibadan. “We in the academic sector have been committed to education, awareness and advocacy, and a number of non-governmentals have been contributing meritoriously to ensure proper waste management around the city of Ibadan. “In provision of adequate facilities for proper and sustainable waste disposal and general management, more has to be done by the government in the coming year 2020. With the rate of awareness and advocacies that have been done, if adequate facilities are provided and accessible in terms of reach and cost, the public will subscribe to them and if made sustainable, the results, outcome and impact will speak for themselves.” He explains further: “Waste management agencies in Nigeria generally should adopt waste segregation strategy, not segregating after collection but at the point of generation of waste. Every individual and household should be provided with facilities (waste collection drums or containers) to segregate their waste at the point of generation into at least three categories, namely: plastics, biodegradables, paper/sand/metals, with specific colours of containers for various categories. This will make recycling possible and collection by waste management agencies easy. “Waste management agencies should be strengthened in their operations by provision of adequate and efficient waste evacuation truck services, training of workers and provision of safety materials, especially personal protective equipment.” Esuong said there should be upgrade on existing dumpsites into landfills. He said there must be “provision of modern sanitary landfills in place of dump sites widely in practice. “Temporary dump sites can be established as catchment centres where waste is collected with the intension to transport same to the sanitary landfills. At major points at streets and markets, sizeable tanks for collecting waste in various segregations should be provided, this will end the wide dropping of waste bags in the middle of the road around the city.” He said that authorities must “educate the public on each step in the introduction of new innovations in waste management and ensure community participation and ensure compliance by reasonable sanctions and enforcement of regulations on waste disposal. “However, it will be unfair to enforce laws where the public has no means of keeping to the law.” On his expectation from the public, the EHSA president said, “As I mentioned earlier, when a working system is put in place, the members of the public are more likely to subscribe positively.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!