Former Head of State, General Abdulsalami Abubakar will lead a committee of Northern leaders and other Nigerians to intervene in the recent face-off between the Kano state governor, Alh Abdullahi Umar Ganduje and Emir of Kano, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi. This was contained in a statement issued to news media and signed by, former Head of Service of the Federation Adamu Fika on Sunday in Kaduna. The statement noted that both the governor and the Emir has been advised to call their followers and supporters to order pending the outcome of the meeting slated for Monday. The statement read as follows: Against the background of the crisis in Kano, a matter that has since degenerated into serious tension within the State, with likely consequences on peace and security with the possibility of spilling into neighbouring states, a group of elders, under the chairmanship of General Abdulsalami Abubakar, GCFR has been formed to intervene in the crisis, with a view to bringing about, full reconciliation, and effective resolution of the matter. ‘ Two-State Governors are also members of the committee. These are Gov. Kayode Fayemi (who is also the chairman of the Nigerian Governors’ Forum) and Gov. Aminu Bello Masari of Katsina State. 183 Kano CSOs dissociate self from call for Emir Sanusi’s… Kano commits huge resources for effective running of… Kano NUJ to honour Ganduje, wife, Danbatta, others Ganduje’s resolves to ending drug abuse yielding… ALSO READ: When Emir of Kano, Baptists hosted CAN president ‘Other members of the Committee are: Alh. Adamu Fika, Wazirin Fika, CFR Gen. Muhammadu Inuwa Wushishi, CFR, GCON Alh Abdullahi Ibrahim, SAN Dr Dalhatu Sarki Tafida, OFR, CFR Dr Umaru Mutallab, CON Prof. Ibrahim Gambari, CFR Sheikh Sharif Ibrahim Saleh Dr Adamu Fika – Secretary ‘The committee is working with full understanding and cooperation of the Federal Government and initial contact has been made with His Excellency the Governor of Kano, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, as well as with His Highness the Emir of Kano, Sarki Muhammadu Sanusi II. ‘They have each confirmed to hold back from taking any further actions until the committee has fully undertaken and finalised this exercise of reconciliation and resolution. ‘ Similarly, they each have respectively undertaken to call on all their supporters and sympathisers including social media operators to refrain from making statements, declarations, songs, articles, blogs and all actions inimical to the spirit and process of good governance, order and reconciliation. We call on everyone to hearken to the call of their principals. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!