A 23-year-old orphan from Ebonyi State, Jennifer Onwe, who was rescued in Lagos by the security agencies has been awarded scholarship by a humanitarian organisation, Chinedu Ogah Foundation to further her education. The young orphan got the scholarship award when the chairman of the foundation, Hon. Chinedu Ogah, member representing Ezza/Ikwo federal constituency got wind of the information on how she engaged in all sorts of business to survive. Ogah also promised to take care of her education and other welfare needs. According to findings, the young Onwe is a native of Igweledoha community in Ikwo South area of Ikwo Local Government. The lawmaker, through one of his aides Ogochukwu Elem, maintained that his foundation will continue to work hard in ensuring that Ebonyi children especially those from Ikwo are not left to wallow on the streets suffering. He said: “The lawmaker has directed that she should be placed on automatic scholarship so that her vision and mission on earth be redirected, channelled into something positive. “We commend the security agencies for their intervention. If not that they alerted the lawmaker who sent us to go after the girl, maybe her mission on earth would have been scattered. I’ll tackle infrastructure deficit ―  Ebonyi lawmaker FG set to diversify Nigerian economy with Ebonyi salt,… Governor Umahi appoints 513 additional aides Physically-challenged persons demand free education,… ALSO READ: Ganduje transmits fresh bill seeking establishment of four new emirates to Kano Assembly “So, we commend the security agency for their determination and those who rescued her. I want to assure that since she is in our custody, we will do everything humanly possible to give her a bright future.” On her part, Onwe, thanked the lawmaker for the opportunity to go back to school which has always been her heart desire. She lamented that life has never been easy with her five siblings since they lost their father and mother in 2013 and 2015 respectively but with the assistance of Hon. Ogah, her life and siblings’ will change for good. “I finished my secondary school but there was no money to further my education because my parents are late. I was a school teacher. “From the time I joined, life has not been easy and I have younger ones I care for. That was why I went into the networking business. “I am happy today that someone took me up to help me further my education. This has always been my dream but my family doesn’t have the money. I want to be a banker in life and to help people around. A lot of people are frustrated in life and if I have the opportunity I will help them. “I have not seen the man called Chinedu Ogah in person but I normally hear my people talk about him. It’s my prayers that God will continue to bless him.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!