No fewer than 4 bandits who lurk around Lokoja-Gegu-Abaji road were gunned down during an exchange of firearm with men of the Nigerian Police and local vigilantes on Monday evening while 4 others were arrested. Items recovered from them include 4 AK-47 and several rounds of ammunition. Nigerian Tribune reliably gathered that the incident took place on Monday at 6 pm when the eight-man gang took over Lokoja-Gegu-Abaji road but due to quick intervention of Policemen, four of the bandits were killed while four others were arrested. Meanwhile, the governor of Kogi State, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has extolled security agencies for foiling robbery attacks on highways as he commends the effort of Security Operatives in Kogi state in combating crimes. The Governor who made this known to newsmen on Tuesday morning said he was aware of the positive impact of community policing, reason his administration embarked on the recruitment and training of 6,000 vigilantes in 2017 for community policing, noting such initiative have yielded tremendous result. Publish names of ghost workers now, Kogi Labour challenges… Group offers free medical services to 300 people in Kogi Senate demands thorough investigation into Professor… Kogi: Gov Bello signs N176bn 2020 budget, commends state… ALSO READ: New Kogi Police Commissioner vows to tackled kidnapping, others in Kogi ‘Our investments in community policing by involving the people to police their community is now yielding very positive outcome, and to sustain this gain, more of this initiative will be our lot as we strive to rid our state of crimes’. The Governor eulogised the vigilante personnel for their gallantry in foiling the daring antics of undesirable elements on the Lokoja-Gegu-Abaji road who took to the highway to attack travellers. He described the dexterity of the combined security architecture as brave and sacrificial. He said he will not surrender in the war his administration has wedged against insecurity until all criminal elements in the state and those who come into the state to torment crimes are flushed out. He reiterated his administration commitment to continue to support all security agencies in the state to enhance their operations. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.