Osun State House of Assembly on Monday directed that all elected officials of Osogbo South Local Council Development Area (LCDA) should vacate their offices pending the outcome of the investigation of the Assembly. The development followed the crisis precipitated by the purported impeachment of the chairman of Osogbo LCDA, Hon Akeem Olaoye by the councillors. The Speaker of the Osun State legislature, Hon Timothy Owoeye, at plenary held that sequel to the presentations of the majority and minority leaders on the need to reconvene for the House to deliberate on the matter of public interest, the 7th Assembly reconvened and deliberated on the purported impeachment of Osogbo South LCDA chairman. Owoeye noted that the House after deliberations resolved that for peace to reign while the House is carrying out its assignment on the impasse, the council manager of the affected LCDA should take over the affairs of the council. He also urged that relevant security agencies should take note of the order of the State House of Assembly that the parliamentarians should not parade themselves within the precinct of the council, ensuring that peace of the public is guaranteed at the affected LCDA. Lagos govt presents N250m seed fund to boost technological… Impact of smartphones in our society How Nigeria can end open defecation by 2030 —Prof Ana ‘Environmental actions govt, Nigerians must take in 2020’ ALSO READ: Court remands 13-year-old boy for alleged murder The House also resolved that the notification sent to the House by Osogbo South LCDA and that of Olorunda be committed to the House Committee on Local Government and Public petition to come out with his findings within the stipulated time required by the law. Owoeye emphasised that the Local Government Creation and Administration Law of Osun 2015 section 19 (C) gives the Assembly seven days to look into the matter, stating that the House will work within the seven working days stipulated by the law. According to him, “I want to reiterate that the local government is a government that is supposed to be closer to the grassroots for development, the reverse will be the case if there is no peace. For the purpose of good governance, this house must take a stand to nip in the bud any other council that may want to tinker with the peace of the people. “It is the resolution of the Assembly that the parliamentarians should vacate the council for the stipulated seven days for the relevant committees of the House to investigate and advise the House accordingly,” Owoeye remarked. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!