An educationist, Mrs Abosede Oyeniran, on Friday raised the alarm on the plight of mentally and physically challenged children in the country, saying that some parents of such kids were resorting to suicide. Oyeniran, Head Teacher at Atanda-Olu School for Physically and Mentally Challenged Children in Surulere, Lagos, made the statement at a charity visit to the school by a group, known as Eternal Care Foundation (ECF). She said that several children in the school were not born with disabilities but acquired their conditions from wrong medications, nerve injuries and other causes beyond control. Oyeniran explained that it was costly to take care of physically-challenged children because they needed huge resources to be cared for, saying that the government needed to step in to assist parents and caregivers managing such kids. ALSO READ: Buhari urges police to embrace policing devoid of complicity Thanking the foundation for visiting the school, she noted that some parents had lost their jobs and homes because of their children’s disabilities with some resorting to suicide when they could no longer cope. Speaking in an emotion-laden voice, the headteacher narrated the ordeal of a five-year-old pupil of the school whose mother committed suicide because of a lack of support. She solicited for increased government and corporate support for the school and caregivers, to enable them to cope with the cost of caring for children with special needs. The headteacher solicited for assistance for the school, including logistics for workers and teachers to enable them to discharge their duties. “Most of these lovely children were not born like this. Some acquired disabilities from unprescribed medications. Educationist calls for review of school curriculum Children’s education, everybody’s responsibility… Educationist cautions against enrolling SSS 1, 2 students in… Invest in girl-child education, educationist urges parents,… “People should not run away from specific children. It is not a disease. It is just a condition that cannot be spread. It is not contagious. Please love them, care for them.” Oyeniran also appealed for support and understanding from fathers of children with special needs, who also abandon responsibilities to their wives and sometimes abandon their families. The Director-General of the ECF, Mr Olabode Garbadeen, said the visit was to identify with the plight of children in need. While presenting gifts to the children, Garbadeen praised the mothers of the children and workers at the school for their perseverance to work for God and humanity. “You are special human beings and prophets to stand by these children. God has given us various gifts and those that are taking care of these children are utilising the gift of God to do so.” Garbadeen lauded the Lagos State Government for giving assistance to the kids, calling on corporate bodies and individuals to also come to the aid of the school. He said the ECF would evolve a strategy on how to meet additional needs of the school to bring succour to the children. The highpoint of the event was a dancing show by ECF members, parents and teachers, to celebrate Christmas with the special needs kids. The children also presented cultural dances to entertain their guests. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the foundation donated bags of grains, processed foods, toiletries and various goodies to the school. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!