THE National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has begged Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, to commence the payment of an allowance for corps members observing their mandatory one year service in the state. The coordinator of NYSC in Ekiti State, Mrs Emmanuella Okpongete, made the request on Monday while speaking at the swearing-in ceremony of the 2019 batch C stream 2 corps members deployed to the state at the permanent orientation camp Ise-Orun/Emure-Ekiti. Mrs Okpongete noted that the contributions of corps members to the socio-economic life of the state cannot be overemphasized, saying the state allowance would help to complement the national allowance of the scheme. She revealed that a total of 1,059 corps members comprising 632 males and 472 females were registered for the orientation course, adding that they would be exposed to training that would make their stay in the state and beyond worthwhile. ALSO READ: FG, states, LGs, others share N2.273trn in third quarter of 2019 Ganduje tasks corps members on accepting teaching positions Bello urges corps members to exhibit sincerity, loyalty to… NYSC registers 1,054 corps members in Abia Don’t relate with people of questionable character,… While commending the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi for his support to NYSC in the state, the coordinator solicited construction of more hostel facilities for staff and corps members. She said: “While we remain grateful for the progress so far made, we wish to plead and request for the provision of more hostel facilities both for corps members and camp officials and a befitting multi-purpose hall in the camp, these will make the camp complete. “Sir, we cannot fail to request for the payment of state allowance to corps members as a token of appreciation for their service to the state.” Responding, Governor Fayemi expressed his administration’s readiness to give corps members in the state improved welfare packages. Speaking through the Commissioner for Youth, Mr Michael Awopetu, the governor advised them to be committed and remain steadfast to their duties, promising to enable the environment for maximisation of their potentials. “As you are stepping into another phase of life, I advise you to carve another niche for yourselves which will remember you for even after you must have left. I hereby enjoin you to be steadfast and committed in your personal and group efforts towards the realisation of the objectives of this noble scheme by imbibing the doctrines of NYSC in order to fortify yourselves for the future task,” Fayemi said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!