A social media influencer and founder of Digital Media Practitioners of Nigeria, Seun Abiolu, has stated that social media publicity offers more return on investment (ROI) when compared to offline advertising. While shedding more light on the relevance of social media, Abiolu who is also an undergraduate at Nigeria Open University (NOUN), said that social media is one of the essential platforms for publicity because everyone is mostly on their gadgets almost every time nowadays. Abiolu who is popularly known Shewenzi has worked with YouTube, Google Nigeria, Bolt, Pepsi, MTN Nigeria, Teni Entertainer, Zlatan Ibile among others. He told Tribune Online, “that low patronage has been a major challenge as clients don’t really patronize on social media space because they believe they can do offline publicity and still pass the same message across. “However, I’m a very hungry person, I don’t know how to give up easily. So it’s just my passion and believe in the race. It is dangerous not to control social media ― Buhari No going back on plans to regulate social media ― FG Umahi sacks aide for allegedly misinforming public Expert urges improved health infrastructure “That is why I’m not stopping till I get to the finish line and there has been a lot of growth. I’m not where I used to be in the previous years so it can only get better. ALSO READ: Zamfara commissioner resigns two weeks after inauguration “I have a lot to disclose but I’m strictly focusing on Chills At The Top to higher-level come 2020, we’ve done two editions and it’s getting better as expected. “We hope to take it across every state and even outside Nigeria,” he submitted. He advised young people interested in social media practice not to give up on their dreams, adding that, “there will definitely be moments to give up because you are not getting the type of attention you deserve even while putting all effort but never stop. “I didn’t start getting the attention in one night as well, just keep being persistent and hungry to do more and you will get it and bigger,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!