A Chief Magistrate Court in Ilorin, on Tuesday, ordered the remand of Adegboye Adesoji, 23, Fatai Saka, 40, and Waheed Arowolo, 23, in Federal SARS custody for allegedly belonging to secret cults. The Magistrate, Ahmed Ibrahim, ordered that the defendants be remanded in custody following the prosecuting counsel, Insp. Nasir Yusuf’s request for an adjournment for proper investigation into the matter. Ibrahim adjourned the case until Dec 16, for further mention. The defendants are facing a five-count charge of criminal conspiracy, membership of robbery gang, disturbance of public peace and being members of a prohibited secret society. Earlier, Yusuf had told the court that on Nov 26, police received information that some miscreants were attacking each other at Budo Nuhu Area, Ilorin. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Taraba Speaker, Peter Diah, resigns Female STEM internship: Maidens learning from masters Dangote Refinery takes delivery of world largest CDC… Shell wins PETAN’s Industry Achievements award Eliminating flood in Oyo state “All the defendants, who reside within Ilorin metropolis, were arrested and investigation revealed that they were members of secret cults, Aye and Eye confraternity,” he said. The prosecutor said that one Toyeeb Saka, a member of Eye, was said to have attacked an Aye confraternity member at Sawmill Area, Ilorin, He said one of the accused Waheed Arowolo, popularly known as Bamu Aye, led his gang members to attack the rival group at Gbagba Area, where one of their members, simply known as Fele, used a broken bottle to inflict injuries on two members of the rival gang. “The investigation conducted in F-SARS office revealed that all the accused persons, and others at large, were secret cult members who were armed with dangerous weapons, thereby putting the entire community in fear. “Investigation also revealed that all the accused persons belong to a gang of thieves who took advantage of the disturbance to attack innocent citizens, stole their valuables and damaged their properties,” Yusuf said. He said the offences contravened sections 97, 306, 113, 114 and 1 of the Secret Cult and Society Law, 2013. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!