Eight months after his inauguration as the Governor of Bauchi State, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir on Thursday visited his home country, Duguri in Alkaleri Local Government Area of the State for the first time amidst pomp and pageantry. The Governor who was in his village to attend a special Walimat organised by the Kaura Mobilisation Committee for his victory in the last gubernatorial election could not hold back his joy at the event which witnessed a large crowd of people. While speaking at the occasion, Bala Mohammed who is the Dangaladima of Duguri, said that the need for the entire members of the community to rally round his administration is necessary and cannot be overemphasised stressing that without home-based support, it will be difficult for him to do anything. While expressing concern over the numerous challenges militating against the functionality of critical sectors in the state, said that his administration will work round the clock to ensure the progress of the state. ALSO READ: Bayero University begins rice production On the 2020 budget which he signed into law recently, the Governor said that the budget captured massive renovation and construction of primary and secondary schools as well as healthcare centres, insisting that payment of workers salaries will not be an achievement of his administration. On insecurity in some parts of Duguri district, the governor warned local security committees in the area against hiding criminals in their domains as anyone found wanting will be dealt with accordingly. Emulate the exemplary life of Jesus Christ, Bala urges… NGO commences 3 days evacuation of solid waste in Bauchi Minimum wage: Bauchi inaugurates council for review Bauchi organises sensitisation workshop on Zero-Based Budget… The Governor to this end directed the District Head of Duguri to ensure the protection of lives and property of his subjects as being the Kaura of Bauchi will take legal action against unpatriotic citizens. He, however, expressed gratitude to the organisers of the reception for finding him worthy and reassured people of the state of equal opportunity in the distribution of projects without bias. In a keynote address, the Speaker, State House of Assembly, Abubakar Y. Suleiman, while describing Governor Bala Mohammed as an excellent achiever who excelled in various positions he held, reaffirmed the lawmaker’s support to his administration beneficial to the citizenry. Other speakers including the Caretaker Chairman of Alkaleri Local Government, Yusuf Garba and the District Head of Duguri, Ibrahim Y M Baba who all highlighted the leadership qualities of the governor and expressed satisfaction with the projects currently embarked upon by his administration. Earlier, the Chairman, Organising Committee for the special reception, Ibrahim Zailani, said the event was organised to express gratitude to Almighty Allah for his emergence as the executive governor of the state. Ibrahim Zailani on behalf of the Duguri community described as a landmark achievement of the governor the ongoing construction of a road linking Alkaleri and Tafawa Balewa Local Government Areas. The State First Lady, Hajiya Aisha Bala Mohammed had earlier before the arrival of the governor at the venue flagged off the distribution of empowerment facilities beneficial to women and children under her pet project, Almuhibba. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!