Former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, has described Friday’s attack by personnel of the Department of State Service (DSS) on Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu’s court in Abuja as a rape of the sanctity of the court. In a statement he personally issued in Abuja, he called for an inquiry to fish out those involved in the incident, which he also described as unacceptable. The former presidential candidate of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was of the view that Nigeria was not a dictatorship and therefore, called on the government to obey court orders including those issued on Omoyele Sowore, Sambo Dasuki or Ibrahim Zakzaky, among others. ALSO READ: FRSC boss laments underhand dealings in licensing offices His statement read: “Today, I am in extreme anguish of spirit having watched the unfortunate drama that played itself out at the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, in which agents of the state not only caused a commotion in court in order to frustrate a judgment of a court of a competent authority. BREAKING: Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi,… DSS abduction of Sowore in Court barbaric, contempt of court… Sowore: DSS is a monster that may consume all of us ―… Conversion of MAUTECH to conventional university is in… “Never in the history of Nigerian democracy has a judge been treated in such a disdainful and brazen attack on not just her person and office, but on the entire judiciary. This is unacceptable. It is a rape on the sanctity of the court. Nigeria is not a dictatorship. We are a democracy, no matter how inconvenient this fact is to the powers that have forced themselves on us. “I call for an immediate inquiry to be set up to identify those responsible for the maltreatment meted out to Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu and the desecration of her court, and indeed the Nigerian judiciary. They must be sanctioned to the highest extent permissible by our laws. “I further call for all law enforcement agencies in Nigeria to immediately respect not just the court order made by Justice Ojukwu, but the order of any court in Nigeria, on any detainee, be it Omoyele Sowore, Sambo Dasuki or Ibrahim Zakzaky, among others. “We cannot have a situation where our government is quick to obey foreign court orders and even quicker to disobey domestic court orders. This is symptomatic of a mindset that is servile to foreign powers and brutal to Nigerians. “Without the rule of law, there can be no rule at all. Power in Nigeria still flows from the people, not from the barrel of a gun. I call on all men and women of goodwill not to keep quiet or sit on the fence at times like this. “To keep Nigeria democracy is the paramount duty of all concerned stakeholders. Please speak up against this tyranny and side with the Nigerian people.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!