A new Jollof rice project tagged NAIJA Jollof championed by IAMBRANDNIGERIA has been launched and it is set to break the Guinness Book of Records by feeding 10,000 street children in Lagos. Revealing this at the 2019 IAMBRANDNIGERIA Award/Gala, where Top 50 Most Valuable Brands in Nigeria were honoured in Lagos, the company’s CEO, Mr. Taiwo Oluboyede,  expressed the readiness of the company to set a record of being the largest server of Jollof Rice, next year. “Jollof is becoming the most engaging topic in both Anglo and Francophone African countries, just like football. Food brings people together. Review of Tribal Leadership Workers’ remittances largest inflow on balance-of-payments… 10 mistakes leaders make when giving performance feedback Brand focus: La Casera, boosting CSR profile through… “Come next year, sixty top chefs will be cooking six tonnes of rice in a single pot and we are feeding 10,000 children in Lagos, many of them on the street. This has been described as  one of the largest humanitarian endeavours in our country, where that number of people are touched in a single day,” Oluboyede disclosed. Describing the planned event as a combination of Jollof and the best of Nigerian music in one place, the size of the pot, volume of rice and number of chef to cook the Jollof, would be unprecedented. “The 4.5 diameter pot, one of the largest in the world will be displayed on the street before donation to the museum where people can see and get inspired. One of the exciting things about this project is that the pot is made here in Nigeria,” he added. With smart foods being an integral part of the country’s budding e-commerce platforms, Oluboyede stated that Nigeria, as the largest producer of rice in Africa, possesses the necessary element to make Jollof a national brand,  by becoming an undisputable authority in it. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!