Senator Shehu Sani on Tuesday described the human rights record of the present administration, headed President Muhammadu Buhari as appalling, repugnant and odious. Speaking in Abuja on the occasion of the commemoration of the International Human Rights Day, the former member of the Eight Senate said: “We have seen a consistent pattern of erosion of democratic values, disobedience to court orders and disrespect to the rule of law under this administration. “It is unfortunate that a government that came to office with a lot of promises and expectations in the protection of fundamental human rights and freedom of Nigerians has found itself in this mess,” he said. He said the present government derives its legitimacy from the constitution and that its legitimacy can only be sustained if it respects the constitution of the country. Sani, therefore, advised President Buhari, whom he said was the greatest beneficiary of human rights struggle in the country to ensure that he doesn’t live behind a legacy of human rights violation and desecration of the rule of law. “Those who are encouraging the violation of human rights, those supporting the persecution of others, those aiding and abating the disrespect of the rule of law today will not be there to defend the legacy of this administration tomorrow,” he added. Meanwhile, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) said it has investigated the allegations of human rights violations, including extra-judicial killings, torture and forced disappearance against the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). Unaudited accounts: Reps threaten to delist erring MDAs from… Reps direct NDDC commitee to defray liabilities with 2019… Open Treasury Portal will aid fight against corruption ―… Reps meet Fashola, Saraki, others over $22.718bn external… ALSO READ: Open Treasury Portal will aid fight against corruption ― Finance minister The Executive Secretary of the Commission, Tony Ojukwu who stated this on Tuesday in commemoration of the 2019 International Human Rights Day, said the Commission has submitted the report of its findings to the Federal Government for necessary action. “In the report, we recommended the establishment of state and local government police, among other recommendations. “The Commission is deeply worried about the activities of some security personnel who we believe have not respected the principles of human rights and separation of powers under the constitution, thereby infringing upon the rights of citizens and retarding the progressive gains being made in the nation’s human rights records,” he explained. Ojukwu said the Commission is prepared to equip all relevant law enforcement agents to respect human rights in the conduct of their law enforcement duties. He said the Commission has set up a high powered investigation panel to look into the increasing issue of Sexual and Gender-Based Violence (SGBV) in the country with a view to providing sustainable solutions. He noted that reports from the two geopolitical zones covered by the committee showed that the issue of sexual and gender-based violence has become worrisome. The NHRC boss said the lack of awareness of human rights principles and norms contribute immensely in fueling cases of human rights violations at different strata of the society. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!