In response to the yearnings of the abundant talents and to direct the energies of the teeming youth population positively in Nigeria, a community leader and America based sport lover, Chief Kinsley Onukwube Ndibe, has called on Federal Government to put more interest in sports development to help reduce drug intake, restiveness, among youths in the country. Chief Ndibe, who made the called yesterday, during a football match, he organised to train and encouraged unemployed youths to developed interest in sports ventures for self-reliance, held at Enugu-Agidi village in Donukofia local government area of Anambra state, also appeal to the federal government through the Ministry of Youth and Sport Development to established football academy across the six geopolitical zone for effective competition among International communities. He said the establishment of the football academy will not only add to the Nation’s Internal Generated Revenue IGR, but it will also increase a bilateral relationship with sport-loving countries of the world. ALSO READ: Nigeria in dire need of trained health workers ― Yayale Set detained critics free, Atiku tells FG, state governments… Buhari calls Jonathan, condemns attack on Otuoke UPDATE: Buhari orders SSS to release Dasuki, Sowore on bail BREAKING: Buhari orders release of Dasuki, Sowore “And again, produced great football stars in the likes of Christian Rinaldo, Messi, Mohammed Salleh, Mikel Obi, among others, that would champion Nigeria sports image in the nearest future, he added. According to him, if established, it will help in the development of youth leadership and taking the game nearer to those who have the ability, skill, passion and talent to bring to the fore the giant in them for their good and for the upliftment of the human society. In his contribution, the Secretary-general of Enugu-Agidi community, Comrade Ndubuisi Ejideofor, who is a strong fan of Chelsa FC, said the idea for the establishment of Football Academy in the six geopolitical zones was with a vision to add worthy value to the sports industry in Nigeria and beyond. He stated that there was a huge prospect for talent discovery and development in Nigeria, which informed the called for the establishment of a football academy in Nigeria that would help create opportunities for the young ones who are passionate about the development of their gifts. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!