President Muhammadu Buhari has named Prof. Deolu Akande as the new chairman of the board of commissioners of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC). He replaces Senator Bisi Durojaiye as the representative of the South West. The change was part of the new appointments approved for the board and parastatals under the Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy by President Muhammadu Buhari. A statement issued in Abuja on Monday by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity), informed that desirous of fast-tracking the targets and mandate of the Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy, the president also approved the appointment of Mr Uche Onwude (South East) who replaces Senator Ifeanyi Godwin Ararume (South East) as Non-Executive Commissioner. ALSO READ: Attack on Adeyanju, others, unfortunate ― Afenifere JUST IN: Buhari holds meeting with Tinubu, Akande Tinubu, Akande decline comment after meeting Buhari in Aso… Osun Assembly congratulates Bisi Akande at 79 Tinubu, Akande, Akeredolu in closed-door meeting with… The appointments are subject to the confirmation of the Senate. The statement said in the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), Dr Abubakar Sa’id replaces Akande as Board Chairman; Dr Habibu Ahmed Imam (North West) replaces Dr Lawal Bello Moriki (North West); Dr Mohammed Sa’idu Kumo as Board Member. Under the Nigerian Postal Service (NIPOST), Dr Ismail Adebayo Adewusi (South West) replaces Barrister Bisi Adegbuyi (South West) as Postmaster General/CEO. At Galaxy Backbone Limited (GBB), Prof.  Muhammed Bello Abubakar replaces Architect Yusuf Kazaure. For the Nigeria Communications Satellite Limited (NigComSat), Architect Yusuf Kazaure replaces Chief Dr George Nnadubem Moghalu as Board Chairman. Dr Najeem Salam replaces Hon. Samson Osagie as Executive Director, Marketing and Business Development; Prof.  Abdu Ja’afaru Bambale replaces Kazeem Kolawole Raji as Executive Director, Technical Services, and Hadi Mohammed replaces Mohammed Lema Abubakar as Executive Director, Administration. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!