As international reactions trailed the continued detention of convener of #RevolutionNow protests, Omoyele Sowore, a US Congresswoman, Karen Bass, has asked the Federal Government to follow and respect the rule of law while Sowore’s trial lasts. Worried by Sowore’s detention and re-arrest by the Department of State Services (DSS), the congresswoman who is a member of the Democratic Party representing California’s 37ᵗʰ Congressional District, made the call in a press release. Bass expressed dissatisfaction over what she termed as an “attack on freedom of expression” in the country, adding that Nigerians have a right to exercise their civil liberties without harassment and arbitrary arrest. The statement reads: “Today, Rep. Karen Bass (D-Calif.) issued the following statement after Omoyele Sowore, a Nigerian-American journalist and activist, was re-arrested and detained by Nigerian Department of State Security Services (DSSS). No controversy over turbaning of Aregbesola as Waziril… Governor Sanwo-Olu signs 8,272 units hostel deal for LASU… ECOWAS economy made steady growth, achievements in 2019 ―… Yuletide: Police deploy 1,567 personnel in Nasarawa ALSO READ: No controversy over turbaning of Aregbesola as Waziril Muminin of Osun ― Chief Imam Osogbo “Sowore was arrested and charged with treasonable felony in August for organizing a nationwide protest against President Muhammadu Buhari’s government. “He was held for months despite being granted bail and court orders for his release. “I am alarmed by the re-arrest of Mr Sowore and his co-defendant Olawale Bakare just hours after their release, especially the violent manner in which this all was conducted. “Nigerian citizens have the right to exercise their civil liberties without harassment and arbitrary arrest. There are currently numerous journalists and activists in detention in the country. “I am increasingly concerned about Nigeria’s attacks on freedom of expression. Nigeria’s own rule of law and due process must be respected.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!