Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal of Sokoto state-led administration has concluded arrangements to send the last batch of not less than 20 students abroad to study. This, he said, if added to the previous 180 earlier sent to a different part of the world, will now make it 200 students as promised by Governor Tambuwal The chairman of the state scholarship board, Honourable Altine Shehu Kajiji, disclosed that the administration of Rt. Hon. Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, mandated the board to prepare nothing less than 200 students of the state abroad to study various sciences course. He commended the Governor for the gesture and opportunity given to the team in the selection of the students without any favour or interferences from any quota. He outlined some of the various programmes being study by the students to include 76 students studying Medicine, 41 students studying Bachelor of Science in Nursing, 9 in BSc Pharmacy and 17 Doctorates degree in Pharmacy. ALSO READ: Mixed reactions trail Anthony Joshua’s promise to knock out Andy Ruiz Jr 20 years of democracy: Tambuwal harps on free, fair… Tambuwal inaugurates 5 man committee on Ease of Doing… EFCC commences investigation of alleged N150m scholarship… Tribune’s award nomination delights Tambuwal Others include 17 students for Radiology, 8 physiotherapies, 9 medical sciences, 9 biomedical laboratory as well as 6 students respectively to study Biotechnology. He reminded the students that 26 of their colleagues are already in Ukraine while the last batch of 20 students will join them next week to make them 46 in all in Ukraine. He further disclosed that the remaining 154 students were scattered in about four other countries which include India, Ghana, Uganda and others. The chairman also disclosed that the tuition fees for each of the students, which he puts at 4,500 dollars, accommodations at 1,000 dollars as well as 4,800 dollars respectively, were also provided for the students for their upkeep allowances. Speaking earlier, a resource person, Dr Larai Tambuwal, who also graduated from Ukraine, counsel the students to be of good behaviour over there. She urged them not to keep late-night and should always be with their school identity card and other relevant papers required. She commended Governor Tambuwal for not only sustaining the good policies but also increasing the numbers of students studying abroad under the state scholarship board. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!