NIGERIAN artisans and technicians, under the auspices of the National  Artisans and Technicians Association of Nigeria (NATAN), have described as ‘untrue’ claims making the rounds that soft drinks brand,  La Casera, is being abused by members. Making the refutal at a workshop organized by the association, in conjunction with the The La Casera Company, brewers of the soft brand,  in Lagos, the State Chairman of the Nigerian Automobile Technicians Association of Nigeria and Board of Trustees Chairman, Lagos Artisans and Technicians, Ashiwaju Jacob Omonide Fayehun stated that the soft drinks brand is only being used by members to nourish their souls, and not to assist in lubricating any engine. He added that being  a responsible association, its leadership would do everything humanly possible to protect the health of members, while also ensuring that no product is subjected to any use, other than the purpose it is meant for. Fayehun explained that the relationship between members of the association and the brand dated  back to decades, when the brand innovatively introduced itself as one that makes its consumers’ comfort, a huge priority. He also commended the La Casera brand for its support and commitment to ensuring that members of the association were  tech-savvy, by donating some sums of money for some members. The NATAN boss expressed the belief that the  cash donations  would go a long way in helping the beneficiaries hone their skills and become relevant in the techworld. Why many talented Africans are either poor or attracting low… Reinventing organizations:  A guide to creating… The Luther’s effect: How to provoke desired response from… Leaders and business reform Another member of the association and a beneficiary of the La Casera  empowerment scheme, Tayo Adesuyi, of Federal Motorcycle and Generator Mechanic Association of Nigeria, commended the brand for throwing its financial weight behind some members of the association, especially at these trying economic times. He expressed the belief that the financial support would go a long way in enhancing his skill, by deploying technology in carrying out his craft. Refuting the abuse claim, Adesuyi  insisted that the strong bond, existing between the brand and members of the association, is informed by the satisfaction members derived from its consumption, and not for any other purpose. “All this talk about La Casera being abused or used for any other purpose,  by our members, besides being consumed, remains a falsehood,” he stated. The  company’s Managing Director, Mr Chinedum Okereke,  noted that the need to embrace  technology by members of the association, desirous of coming out tops in their trades,  had become imperative. He attributed the brand’s ability to make an in-road in the nation’s highly-competitive soft drinks market to innovation and the desire to do things differently from others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!