Opinions vary on the impact of democracy on Nigerians since 1999 when the military left power. What is your assessment of the journey so far? First the single gain, unlike under military rule, we now speak our minds and associate freely. No government should tamper with this freedom, except if we are going back to the Middle Age. The idea of hate speech and such other bills should be discountenanced. We are in the All Progressives Congress (APC) because of the word progressive, our beloved President’s determination to fighting corruption, and for us in the East, the desire to reopen and modernise the Igweocha, Ubani, Opobo and other port cities, so as to recreate a pole of development in the East and others in the Middle Belt and the North-East. This will bring our wandering children home; reduce ethnic tensions and overhead costs, and facilitate more development in the West and Northwest, eliminate sundry restiveness and agitations, and promote national peace, prosperity and security. Any attempt to introduce primitive laws and policies such as the reactionary so-called hate speech law will be an impediment to these laudable goals, and make a mockery of what civilization knows as progressive. On the other hand, every other thing in Nigeria is totally negative. We are more disunited; security is almost zero except for those in power; poverty has multiplied; the middle class is almost no more; religion, ethnicity and others like them are now winning over love of God and man, and we are not even sure which other depths the country may further descend. We are between anomic and pre-revolutionary situations, and a patriotic judiciary, National Assembly and executive can lead us through peacefully and successfully.  But what exactly is the problem with the democratic practice in Nigeria? There are many missing links. Some are still fighting sundry wars by other means. Others are still to come to terms with the principle of a secular state. My party supports restructuring, and there was a committee report, however woolly, but yet to be attended to. Appointments and development patterns are still lopsided and, worse, everywhere, people are in great fear of travel and of their lives, not to talk of poverty and hunger. We need all hands on deck to support the President, Judiciary and National Assembly to solve these issues.  What is your perception of institutions that ought to deepen democracy in the country? Apart from committed individuals, four institutions create, sustain and deepen democracy: the civil society and the three arms of govt. Today, it appears that only the presidency knows where they are going, while the rest have given up on everything except their hearts’ desires. Every institution should be alive to their responsibilities. Doing the right thing and pointing out what policies are wrong is love and respect for the country and its leaders; pursuing policies and taking actions that promote rancour are not. The present laws seem to be substantially anti-people, but disrespecting them makes things worse.  Is the country pragmatic in its approach towards addressing issues in critical areas like the economy, electoral reforms, fight against corruption and adherence to the rule of law? President Buhari is exceedingly doing well in targeting agriculture and in fighting corruption, and we must fully support him on those areas. We can’t stomach a few thieves seize our patrimony while millions languish in poverty. Those people have no conscience; they better return the loot and seek a plea bargain to help them transform from clientele to national bourgeoisie. But, it’s left to them to imagine that the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) will not find them out. We need serious reforms in the electoral system, but this will not come easy because they involve a lot of politics and demographics, which some don’t desire to be honest about. On the rule of law, there should be no uncertainty on that. We should encourage the government to obey the law of the land, including the orders of Court, notwithstanding the obvious corruption in parts of the latter. Omoyele Sowore said nothing when some people were denied voting rights in Lagos, but, still, he should be released as the Court has said. Release El-Zakzaky and others so ordered by the courts, otherwise government has to tell law-abiding citizens where else to run to when feeling oppressed. Our President Buhari has greatness beckoning on him if he listens to some enlightened opinion telling him to follow the law, even in dealing with obvious criminals. That is the only civilized way to get out of what you’ve called quagmire.  Lagos govt presents N250m seed fund to boost technological… Impact of smartphones in our society How Nigeria can end open defecation by 2030 —Prof Ana ‘Environmental actions govt, Nigerians must take in 2020’ Most Nigerians are not happy with the economic and political elite in the country because of  the incalculable damage they have done to the country at all fronts….. What we have mostly is an extremely corrupt economic and political elite that show no mercy, no love, whether on the country they pretend to be part of, or the people they govern. They use illegality to rob the people, but rush to legality for protection. Instead of developing Nigeria like elsewhere, they run to those places to enjoy their prebendal hard work. President Buhari knows them very well, and with the focus turning on states, that’s when we are sure the war on corruption has finally started.  So, all of us are responsible for the problem since a lot of Nigerian voters are always ready to sell their votes? Yes, we’ve all come short of glory in one way or another, and must make amends forthwith. Leaders must show examples in love of all Nigerians, and in patriotism, frugal management of public resources, and commitment to the rapid development and modernization of the country. With patriotic and wise policies, prosperity will ensue, and people will be less prone to sell their conscience.  How do you see the future of the country in view of the mounting challenges confronting Nigerians? To survive, the future of Nigeria lies in a peaceful revolution in thought and actions. Let’s do away with seemingly officially generated antagonism, policies and hatred. People are not too difficult to govern if they perceive actions as fair and just. End all attempts that create needless fear, danger and bloodshed, restructure the country meaningfully, and facilitate free, peaceful and secured life everywhere. The president has already embarked upon these related objectives, and the support of all citizens is essential for their full realisation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!