Minister of Science and Technology, Dr Ogbonnaya Onu, on Tuesday, described the establishment of the University of Transportation in Daura, Katsina State by the present administration as a triumph of the Executive Order 5 initiated by his ministry. Speaking on the sideline of the conference of the Nigerian Society of Engineers (NSE) in Kano, Dr Onu said the ground-breaking ceremony of the institution showed the commitment of the Federal Government to strengthen the role of Science, Technology and Innovation (STI) in line with Executive Order 5. He quoted President Muhammadu Buhari as saying that the project was part of the on-going effort of the Federal Government towards promotion and development of indigenous capacity through technology acquisition and knowledge transfer to effectively maintain and operate numerous railway infrastructure. ALSO READ:  Job racketeering: Senate justifies recruitment slots for constituents Nigeria saves over $500m through banned Barley malt ―… Minister awards over N2.2 billion to top 3 performing… FG to mobilize skilled artisans for infrastructural… Minister challenges women engineers on gender imbalance The minister, according to a statement endorsed by Head, Press and Relations Unit of the ministry, Mr Abdul-Ganiyu Aminu, and made available to Tribune Online in Abuja, commended the President Buhari for placing premium on the use of indigenous professionals, adding that the university would pave way for domestication of railway engineering and general transportation sciences in Nigeria, thereby bridging the technology and skill gap in the railway and transportation sector. Dr Onu said the development is a good example of local content development in contracts involving Science, Engineering and Technology as enshrined in the Presidential Executive Order. 5 He further added that the Federal Government would continue to accelerate the process of technology acquisition and utilization for rapid and sustainable growth and development of the nation. “As one of the major construction hubs of the world, the Federal Government will ensure that Nigerian professionals are involved in the construction and infrastructure development processes, programmes, projects, contracts, contracts etc,” the minister added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!