Former Vice-Chancellor, Ekiti State University, Professor Patrick Oladipo, has said that education in Nigeria is in decline due to poor budgetary allocations. The Former VC, therefore, urged Nigerian Universities to come up with additional non-budgetary funding window options. Patrick made this known during the Ekiti State University Lagos Chapter Alumni Dinner and Award Night, themed: Alumni Associations As Harbinger Of Change For Educational Development in Nigeria “Education in Nigeria is in decline; Poor budgetary allocations and resultant under-funding of the institutions are responsible for their poor and abysmal performance and poor human capital development in the country. ALSO READ: Groups urge National Assembly to review 2020 budget allocation for education “Because of changing world economic realities, it is now a matter of reality that universities have to come up with additional non-budgetary funding window options. “To enable them deliver on their mandate of delivery of quality education that is globally competitive and responsive to societal needs and challenges presented by a changing world that is increasingly knowledge-based,” Professor Patrick said. Wema bank, Ekiti govt empower 2,000 youths in SMEs Bank robbery: Govt sympathises with Oye-Ekiti residents over… Ekiti APC suspends five members over anti-party activities Court sentences woman to 3 years imprisonment for stealing… Meanwhile, Oladipo noted that the role of Alumni Associations is crucial for maintaining and expanding a university’s development and its educational enterprise. Patrick urged the Association to come to the aid of the University as it is struggling with financial challenges to perform its duties and obligations effectively. “The role of Alumni Associations as a huge talent pool and their involvement in philanthropic support and providing contributions voluntarily to their universities is crucial for maintaining and expanding a university’s development and its educational enterprise. “Ekiti State University is presently struggling to keep its head above water while contending with a severely ailing economy and significant financial challenges and EKSU alumni’s sustainable philanthropic support for the university’s teaching and research mission now becomes more necessary than ever before,” Patrick said. He also charged the Association not to only sustain the tempo but also extend it to other chapters of EKSU Alumni Association. Speaking also, The Chairman of the Association, Mr Tolu Egbeyemi assured working towards partnering with the university, imploring the governing council and management to put in place measures that will encourage investors. Tolu, therefore, called on the members of the Association not to take the platform for granted, admonishing them to man up, be optimistic and see the cup half full. The Chairman charged them all not to leave without taking away the positives. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!