This year’s annual Praise Banquet was held last Thursday at the Reinhard Bonnke field, Iyana Church, Ibadan, Oyo State, with the radiance of God’s manifestation through intense praise of the over 2,000 worshipers that  graced the event. The event tagged: “Tehilah Night” brought gospel ministers, dignitaries, clerics and worshippers from various denominations to worship God for almost 11 hours. Some of the gospel ministers that lifted souls at the event included Big Bolaji, Mike Abdul, Tosin Bee, Aduke Gold, Pastor Ife Odogiyon, Elijah Daniel, Evangelist Toyosi Akinya, Bola Dada, Oreofe Sax, Taiwo Ojodu, among others. PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens The praise event was also infused with comic performances by popular comedians such as Woli Agba and Dr Smile. The presentation of mass choirs from denominations including Celestial Church, Baptist, ASAOH choir, extreme dancers and choir also added colour to the event. The interdenominational gathering got a fillip when two veterans in the gospel music, Pastor Joseph Adelakun (aka Ayewa) and Evangelist Bola Are mounted the stage to thrill the crowd. Two clerics, Reverend Funke Adetuberu of the Women College Ministry and Pastor Claudius Olaiya during their ministrations raised the hopes of Nigerians for  better days ahead as well as joined the gathering in one accord to intercede for the country. The convener of the event, gospel minister, Evangelist Bukola Akinade, popularly known as Senwele Jesu, expressed her delight over the success of the annual gospel concert which was its seventh edition, just as she acknowledged that the large turnout of worshippers added success of the event.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!