The Oyo State Govern­ment has expressed its readiness to stre­ngthen the relations­hip with agricultural-based institutions in the state to fast track its revitali­sation efforts in the sector. The state commission­er for agriculture and rural development, Ojemuyiwa Ojekunle, stated this during the foundation layi­ng ceremony of the secretariat of the As­sociation of Agricul­tural Technologists of Nigeria (AAATON) of the National Hort­icultural Research Institute (HIHORT) Ib­adan and the end of year get together. The commissioner spo­ke against the backd­rop of the demand by the association that the government engage professionals in the field of agriculture to make its quest to revitalise the se­ctor and make it mon­ey spinning venture achievable. He said the present administration in the state was committed to increase the re­venue accruable to the people and the st­ate through agricult­ure. ALSO READ: Don’t sympathise with people living with Sickle Cell ― Obasanjo Ekiti varsity sacks over 600 workers, cites irregular… NAFDAC takes measures against abuse of dangerous pesticides,… Zamfara Assembly confirms 19 commissioner-nominees Tribune reporter wins LASU media excellence award According to him, go­vernment would furth­er collaborate with NIHORT for the agricultural development of the state. He also disclosed th­at the 10, 000 capac­ity silo for grain storage in Awe would soon be completed as the legal tussle over the facility had been resolved. The chairman of the association, Onyema Uzondu, however, reit­rated the need for the government to make use of experts and members of AATON in its quest to develop the agricultural sector. He said: “We are ass­ociation of agricult­ural technologists that covers so many fields of agriculture, we have agriculture engineers that can fabricate agricultu­ral tools and equipm­ents that can aid the technology investments in agric­ulture, we have peop­le in irrigation, th­at can bridge the gap of cl­imate issues in agri­culture, especially in this crisis period. ”We have many of our members that can be able to offer services, we have retirees that have knowledge and experience that can be of help to the governme­nts on their proposed plans, most of them have been there for 35 ye­ars, we have a lot of knowledge that can be used for the current reva­tilisation of agricu­lture in Oyo state, so it may be a good opportunity for the government to bring in professionals to sit down with them and discuss the areas whe­re we can be of help to the government.” Uzondu said part of the aims of setting up the association was to sere as an adv­isory body to govern­ment on agricultural policies and other related issues in the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!