As part of measures to tackle filth in Oyo state, Chairman, State Waste Management Authority, Mr Seun Adelore, on Tuesday, said the state government was poised to engage more private sector refuse collectors (PSPs). Adelore said the PSPs to be engaged would fill the gap left ineffective waste management in the state, when the former waste contractor, WestAfricaEnrg, reduced the number of PSPs from over 400 to 107. Adelore, who spoke after stakeholders on waste management held at State Secretariat, Ibadan, said the engagement of more PSPs would help reduce the waste coming to the medians from residential areas. Aside from engaging more PSPs, he said the state government will re-delineate the routes that the waste collectors usually plied. Gov Makinde describes NYSC as future, hope of Nigeria Boundary dispute: Oyo govt calls for calm Use funding windows for your business, Oyo deputy gov… Road, education prioritised as Makinde presents N208.8bn… ALSO READ: FG committed to end impunity ― Malami Noting that waste was usually dumped on the medians over the night, he said the state waste management authority through its permanent night collection operation had reduced the waste on medians in recent days. Also making his remarks, state Commissioner for Environment and Water Resources, Mr Kehinde Ayoola enjoined people in residential areas to always patronise PSPs, which he said goes for a token. He identified as imperative the need for attitudinal change by residents of the state. Among others, residents of the state present at the meeting urged the state government to station waste collection trucks at markets, decommission the Awotan dumpsite, be forceful in implementing environmental sanitation regulations, regularly collect waste, engage house inspectors ‘Wole Wole’ and ensure that waste collection receipts are issued by only those collection the refuse. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!