The Confluence State of Kogi was the cynosure of all eyes prior to November 16, 2019 gubernatorial election was conducted in the state which turned out to be a fait accompli.  On that day, the wishes, hopes and aspirations of the electorate in the state were brazenly truncated and viciously dashed. Their inalienable right to choose who governs them in the next four years was usurped by political desperadoes, ragamuffins and charlatans. During the election, there was spectre of electoral violence unleashed on hapless voters by political thugs. The mantra of free, transparent, credible and peaceful election was nowhere near Kogi. Also, the Independent National Electoral Commissions (INEC’s) assurance to conduct a hitch-free exercise became stillborn. Security agents, especially police officers, were accused of either colluding with thugs to steal ballot boxes or actively participating in the disruption of polling units. The response to these allegations by the Inspector General of Police, Mr. Mohammed Ibrahim, that the men in police uniform who colluded with thugs to perpetrate violence and prevent voters from exercising their franchise were fake policemen is not good enough. It is the responsibility of real policemen to ensure that fake policemen are apprehended and prevented from messing up the electoral process. It is not only the behaviour of the security agencies that have been questioned in the violence that engulfed both states during the election. The integrity, competence and impartiality of INEC has also been eroded in the public eye. The declaration of results in many violence-riddled areas questions INEC’s involvement in the heist witnessed in the state. There were reported cases of inducement and intimidation of INEC officials during ballot counting and collation of results. The implications of the disappearance of INEC officials who had to abandon election materials in the midst of violence was never addressed. Why Lagos Airport is yet to be certificated —NCAA Pakute politics in Oyo State Securing data against cyber attacks Expert says eating adequate proportion of onions can control… A prima facie examination of the results declared buttressed this point. In Okene Local Government Area, for instance, the PDP recorded 139 votes against APC’s 112, 762. This is incredible when the result of this election is compared with the performance of the party in previous elections. Finally, it is disheartening that the key political actors have downplayed the grave violence that characterised the elections. Politicians must work to keep the peace in the aftermath of the controversial poll and that of Saturday November 30 when the people of Kogi West senatorial district and Ajaokuta federal constituency returned to the polling stations0 for the supplementary and re-run elections. Those aggrieved should resort to the courts to seek redress.  But for now, Nigerians are calling on the security agencies to ensure a thorough investigation of the malpractices during the elections and bring the perpetrators to book.  Khadijah Saleh, Zaria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!