The management of Vivo Smartphones has said that the company had produced and shipped over 10 million smartphone devices since making its global debut in 2009. Speaking to journalists in Lagos on the exploits of the smartphone company in the last one decade, the Head of Public Relations, Officer of the company, Mr Chloe Wang, disclosed that the Vivo V7 and V7plus devices, launched at the Mobile World Congress, were the first smartphones to spot an elevating 24MP front camera from APEX. ALSO READ: Keystone Bank boosts workplace engagement, productivity Wang said that in January 2018, the company, again, introduced the first In-Display Fingerprint sensor and the feat came at a time when the industry standard was having a fingerprint sensor either at the rear of the device or on the home button. He said: “Just recently, we introduced yet another feature with our latest device – the V17 Pro. This innovative device houses a total of six cameras made up of the first-ever Dual Pop Up Front Camera and a 60MP AI Quad Rear Camera. The Dual Pop Up Front Camera also has the Selfie Softlight which helps capture clear pictures in lowlight environments.” Wang added that Nigeria’s mobile phone market had witnessed many competitions, since the emergence of notable players. He said, “only a few mobile phone brands have been able to keep their heads above water. In such a market where competition is inevitable, the only way to stay relevant is by being exceptional.” The PRO noted that though the mobile phone market, in Nigeria, had witnessed the advent of a number of mobile phone brands like Motorolla, Sagem, Nokia, Tecno, Infinix, among others, over the last one decade, the company remains undaunted in its efforts at getting its fair share of the nation’s phone market. “We can never be discouraged, especially with a huge market of over 180 million people. We are more than ready to fight for our own market share,” Wang added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!