A 15-year-old teenager, Boluwatife Mustapha, was on Friday remanded at the Borstal Juvenile Training Institute in Adigbe in Abeokuta over alleged cultism. A Yaba Chief Magistrates’ Court in Lagos remanded the teenager who pleaded not guilty to a two-count charge of conspiracy and belonging to an unlawful society. Chief Magistrate Mrs K.B. Ayeye, granted the defendant bail of N50,000 with his two parents as sureties and ordered that the 15-year-old should stay at the institute pending the perfection of the bail. ALSO READ: Educationist raises alarm on plights of children with disabilities Ayeye further ordered that the defendant learn a trade at the institute and show his certificate of completion at the next adjourned date. She adjourned the case until Jan. 27, 2020. According to the Prosecutor, ASP Thomas Nurudeen, the teenager committed the offences on Nov. 30 at 10.45 a.m. at Isheri Osun area of Ijegun, Lagos. Teenager bags one-yr jail term over sexual encroachment on… Court remands man in prison over alleged cultism in Ekiti 57-year-old man allegedly rapes 8-year-old girl in Ekiti Police arraign teenager over alleged burglary, stealing Nurudeen said that the defendant belonged to an unlawful society called “White Lion”. He told the court that the defendant and his accomplices had been disturbing the neighbourhood for a while, stealing and assaulting residents. “My Lord, it was a fight he had with another cult that resulted in the police intervention and their arrest. “At the station, he wrote a statement where he confessed to belonging to the cult for over a year,” Nurudeen said. The offences contravened Sections 42 and 411 of the Criminal Laws of Lagos State, 2015 (Revised). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Section 42 prescribes three years imprisonment for the offence of joining an unlawful society, while Section 411 provides two-year for conspiracy. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!