The All Progressives Congress (APC) House of Representatives candidate of the Ajaokuta Federal Constituency rerun election, Hon Idirisu Lawal has emerged winner of Saturday election. According to the result announced by the returning officer, Prof Rabiu Balarabe, Lawal polled 13,738 votes in the affected 22 polling units to defeat the candidate of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Aloysius Okino who recorded 9,176 votes. The Appeal Court, in October, had ordered for Rerun into Ajaokuta constituency in the House of Representatives in 22 polling units. The court, in its ruling, ordered the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to conduct rerun elections in 22 polling units in the constituency. The appeal was filed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)’s candidate, Aloysius Okino. ALSO READ: Dino Melaye vows to contest Adeyemi’s victory in court APC sweeps 22 chairmanship positions in Niger Dino Melaye vows to contest Adeyemi’s victory in court Kogi West election: Bello describes Adeyemi’s victory… Africa replacing military coup with political coup ―… Before the rerun, Lawal had 9040 while Okino had 9035 making the returned lawmaker leading with just 5 votes. But the rerun produced 4,698 for APC while PDP had 141; leading with 4557. Reacting to INEC declaration of result, Lawal hailed the contributions of Governor Yahaya Bello, the administrator of Ajaokuta LGA, Hon. Mustapha Akaaba and the member representing Ajaokuta Constituency in the state Assembly, Hon. Abdullahi Hassan Balogun for standing tall to ensure the victory of the party. He also commended INEC for conducting a credible free and fair re-run and the security agencies for creating a peaceful and calm environment for the electorate at the 22 polling units across the Constituency. In a statement personally signed by Lawal, he applauded the youths for their unalloyed support and prayers throughout the process. He congratulated Senator Smart Adeyemi who also emerged winner of the just concluded supplementary election in Kogi West. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!