The first smartphone was invented by IBM in 1992 known as a Simon Smartphone. This was a big breakthrough in the field of technology for the requirements of people. Smartphone, as name indicates, is a phone with special functions-easy, quick and affordable world of information resources. The electronic device can perform many tasks just like a computer. You can talk, send messages, take photos, watch and share videos, conduct business, get entertainment etc. In addition, smartphones have several physical features that set them apart from normal phones especially as every activity is done through touch screen. Smartphone has become a very important and wonderful communication tool in this generation. One feels incomplete without the use of smartphone. It has revolutionised all aspects of human development, including education, research, business, health, sports and entertainment among other uses. It has been observed that the use of the smartphone has tremendously increased and whether in public place, workplace or any family gathering, everyone is seen working on a phone.  Research has revealed that majority of people, especially young generation, remain busy on the smartphone; so this has become an unavoidable part of individual life. It seems that for the youths, without the use of smartphones life cannot run smoothly. With the increasing access to internet, anything that happens anywhere is known in a few seconds and the same spreads very quickly around the globe. How Nigeria can end open defecation by 2030 —Prof Ana ‘Environmental actions govt, Nigerians must take in 2020’ Airtel Africa targets $37.5m in Malawi IPO Minister commends CBN for slashing ATM, transfer charges However, the use of smartphones has badly affected social, psychological as well as physical life of people, especially the youths. Having a cell phone tempts them to spend all day talking or texting, instead of doing anything productive. Studies have proved that teens who spend too much of their time with their cell phone are more prone to stress and fatigue. It can also lead to psychological disorders in some cases. Overuse of smartphones can result in a number of physical problems that may cause permanent damage or be difficult to treat, including: digital eye strain, the pain and discomfort associated with viewing a digital screen for hours. Smartphone is good but it has its disadvantages. We shouldn’t be addicted to it and must learn to use the phone properly while accessing the benefits.  Aderonke Blessing, aderonkeblessing64@gmail.com SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!