The House of Representatives has called for the rehabilitation of University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon. Olalekan Rasheed Afolabi, during Wednesday plenary. According to him, University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan, the Teaching Hospital arm of University of Ibadan was set up in 1948 with the sole objective of training highly versatile professionals to meet the healthcare needs of Nigerians. “The House notes that the University College Hospital built and operated two Comprehensive Health Centres, one in Okuku in December 1984 and the other in December 1987 at Sepeteri, in a bid to bring health care delivery to the people at the grassroots level. “The House also notes that the centres provide medical, surgical, dental, paediatrics, obstetrics and gynaecological services on outpatient and in-patient basis and also provides health awareness outreach services for communities within the geographical coverage of the facilities while also serving as centres for teaching health workers of all cadres and accepting referrals directly from the University College Hospital. “The House is aware that both Centres, at the time of their establishment, were in the old Oyo State, however, while that at Sepeteri is still in Oyo State, the one at Okuku is now in Osun State which was created in August 1991 and is the headquarters of Odo-Otin Local Government Area. ALSO READ: Senate to checkmate illegal influx of foreign vessels into Nigeria’s territory Reps summon Ministers of Power, Labour over Power sector… Reps approve N10.070bn refund to Kogi State Reps will encourage Nigerian youths to realise their… Reps seek immediate repatriation of illegal aliens “The House is also aware that Okuku Health Care Centre is centrally located as the local government area has over seventeen towns and several villages and hamlets surrounding it and while it was functioning, the centre provides services for communities in the local government areas in Osun State as well as serving as a major emergency treatment centre for accident victims plying the highway connecting Osun State with Kwara State. “The House is cognizant that the comprehensive health centre at Okuku occupies an area of 84,735 hectares of land partly fenced and comprising the following: a main “hospital” complex; Doctor’s residence; Nurses’ residence and Students’ Hostel. “The House is concerned that since 2010 the health centre has been in a state of disrepair after it was handed over to Osun State Government on its request to the Hon. Minister of Health with an agreed clause for an upgrade of the centre, which has not been done, leaving the buildings and other structures dilapidated. “The House is informed that after several years of representation, the Government of Osun State eventually handed back the Health Centre to University College Hospital, Ibadan in 2018. “The House observes that several panels of experts in various fields from the University College Hospital, Ibadan had visited the centre in 2012, 2015 and 2019 respectively to assess the extent of disrepair at the centre as a result of its abandonment and concluded that unless the Federal Government provides funds, it will be an uphill task for the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan to resuscitate and restore the health centre to its former level. “The House is cognizant of the need to remove barriers preventing access to health care services and protecting the poor and vulnerable segments of the population from the impoverishing effects of medical expenditures,” he stated. To this end, the House called on Federal Ministry of Health to make provisions in the 2020 budget estimates or any supplementary budget for the rehabilitation of University College Hospital(UCH) Ibadan Health Centre at Okuku, Osun State. In the bid to ensure compliance, the House mandated the Committees on Health Institutions and Health Care Services to ensure compliance and report back within six weeks for further legislative action. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!