The Speaker of the House of Representatives Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila on Wednesday assured that the House under his leadership would encourage Nigerian youths to realise their potential. He said that the House believed that Nigerian youths have a lot to offer, hence the need to give them a push for the benefit of the country. Gbajabiamila spoke when he hosted a young Nigerian from Surulere, Lagos, Mrs Olasubomi Iginla Aina, who was recently honoured with the title of the Member of the British Empire (MBE) by the Queen of England. The Speaker said Mrs Aina has become a pride to the country, especially the people of Surulere. The Speaker also disclosed that given what Mrs Aina has done to the country, the House would find a way to celebrate and honour her at plenary as it did to other courageous Nigerians. According to him: “I congratulate you for being honoured as a Member of the British Empire. I also congratulate you on your appointment by the presidency as a diaspora ambassador. I also want to appoint you as the ambassador of the National Assembly to the UK. ALSO READ: Alaafin, Alake, Obasanjo to attend Delano’s books presentation Reps summon Ministers of Power, Labour over Power sector… Reps call for rehabilitation of University College Hospital Reps approve N10.070bn refund to Kogi State Reps seek immediate repatriation of illegal aliens ‎”We’re happy that you’ve not let us down in Surulere. Yours is a case that we should encourage not just for female folk but for Nigerians generally. You happen to be someone that a lot of people look up to. “I want to congratulate you on all your works so far. You look so young, but you’ve achieved a lot. We’re all proud of you “Clearly, you have a passion for the youth, and that’s where I think we can collaborate to encourage the youth. You are somebody we should celebrate in the House “Stories such as yours give us a lot of hope. People like you, without whom the story of Nigeria won’t be complete, should be celebrated.” Earlier, Mrs Aina, who is the founder of the Light Up Foundation had said that she started humanitarian activities right from her secondary school days and that her foundation has provided a lot of interventions to Nigerian youths. According to her: “I appreciate your love for young people. I seek an opportunity to address the whole House on our interventions and what we want members to do with regards to laws related to young people “The foundation is supporting the youth from the state of despair to that of hope. We must prepare our youth for future challenges.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!