Mr Edward Dickson, the Managing Director and Editor-in-Chief of African Newspapers of Nigeria PLC, publishers of Tribune titles, has described the Nigerian Tribune as a national institution that unifies all Nigerians regardless of differences in their social status, religion and tribe. Dickson made this revelation on Tuesday, in his welcome address at the Tribune’s Platinum Awards ceremony held as apart of activities marking the 70th anniversary of the oldest privately-owned newspaper in Nigeria at the MUSON Centre, Lagos. He said: “We appreciate God for making this day possible. With the arrays of dignitaries present here today, undoubtedly, it can only be God. “I congratulate the Board, Management and staff of Nigerian Tribune Newspaper and I welcome you all to this historic event. ALSO READ:  Ortom, Tambuwal, Ajimobi, Oyinlola, Amosun, Ayo Adebanjo, others… #TribunePlatinumAwards: I was surprised for being Tribune’s… #TribunePlatinumAwards: Nigerian Tribune has added another… Three reasons I appreciate #TribunePlatinumAwards conferred… #TribunePlatinumAwards ceremony holds in Lagos today “What makes Nigerian Tribune Newspaper stand out from others are every Nigerian seated here today as one indivisible family.” According to him, the newspaper outfit is an entity that brings all Nigerians together regardless of tribe, religion and social status, saying the media organisation through its product had made this happen. He said the newspaper was not a national institution only because of its founder, the late sage and politician, Pa Obafemi Awolowo, but was equally so for it had been so for the past 70 years because its founder had sown the seed which continues to grow from strength to strength. “Nigerian Tribune is an entity that brings all Nigerians together regardless of tribe, religion and social status. Nigerian Tribune has made this happen. I welcome and thank all the awardees to this honourable event for making time out to be here today. I am certain, the memories of this epoch-making event will linger forever in your memories as long as you live. Once Again, I welcome you all,” Dickson said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!