Salome Abuh, the Peoples Democratic Party’s (PDP) Woman leader who was brutally murdered by some people at Ochadamu community during the last governorship election in Kogi State, has been laid to rest in her village Aji-Obala in Ofu local government amidst tears. The people of her community trooped out in their hundreds to say final words to the woman. She was burnt alive by some alleged supporters of the All Progressive Congress (APC) during the last Governorship election in the state. The Officiating Minister Rev. John Adino of the United Evangelical Church, Idah headquarters enjoined Christians to give their lives to Jesus Christ, saying death can come at any time, stressing that how people died does not matter, but it is always good for people to die in the course of the Lord. Reading from the book of Revelation chapter 14 verse 13, the clergyman revealed that whether a human being like it or not, judgement day is awaiting every mortal, noting that day no lawyer will defend or stand for anyone except the good things people do while on earth. He lamented that politicians and political leaders have lost focus in providing basic social amenities for the downtrodden to better their lives, rather they continue to acquired wealth to belong to the people. The Clergyman urged them to bear in mind that one day they will account for their deeds before God. ALSO READ: Buhari condoles with UAE President over brother’s death In his tribute, the husband of the deceased, Elder Simeon Abuh said that the late Salome Abuh has paid a supreme price for Igala land through politics, describing her as a martyr whose political sagacity will remain fresh in the mind of her political associates. Your corruption report is dubious, horrendous, Kogi govt… One killed, others injured in Ekiti LG poll Wife of Kogi gov tasks stakeholders on preventive measures… Flood: Red Cross donates N39.4m to victims in Kogi He called on the federal government to ensure that the perpetrator of the heinous act is arrested and brought to book. The candidate of the People Democratic Party (PDP) in the last Kogi Governorship election, Engineer Musa Wada in his remark said Mrs Salome Abuh died for Kogi State and Igala nation, noting that they set out to emancipate the people of the state from the hands of oppressors. He said that no retreat no surrender in the quest to emancipate the people of the state, saying no amount of intimidation and harassment can hinder them from claiming the stolen mandate, wondered how few elements in Igala land will join hands with the oppressors to suffer the people of the state. “I am not going to relent a little bit, I will pursue this gruesome and senseless killing of Mrs Abuh. “Whenever I think of the circumstances of her death I wondered who will ever wish that for his enemy but the unfortunate thing is that the killing was perpetrated by the children of Igala nation who joined hands with the oppressors to kill members of the opposition parties. “Regardless of their intimidation and oppression, we will reclaim our stolen mandate because they were just keeping it temporary, I assured you that the emancipation is good very soon,” he said. Mrs Margaret Omoniyi the State PDP woman leader described the late Salome as a lively person who can turn negative things to positive because of her commitment and versatility in politics. She urged the children of the deceased to emulate the footsteps of their mother in order to continue her good legacies. Also speaking, the only son of the deceased, David Abuh described their mother as a lover of people who has invested much in assisting the needy ones in society. He called on the federal government to ensure that justice is done over the killing of their mother. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!