Newly elected National President of NAPS, Comrade Olasunkanmi Ijaduoye, has said that students struggle under his leadership shall be basically students oriented and in the collective interest of Nigerians by extension. As he said, “Struggles under my leadership shall be basically students oriented and in the collective interest of Nigerians by extension. “We have laboured too far to allow the integrity of the polytechnic students to be dragged into the mud courtesy the recklessness of our comrades.” He disclosed this in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja, after a recent national convention of NAPS which held in Edo State, where he emerged the national president of the union. Clarifying issues that emanated the Edo convention, Ijaduoye said it was not a political rally to endorse a particular candidate of a political party for governorship of the state come 2020, rather, it was purely a student gathering to chart a new course for the national student body. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja said the student body distances itself from the purported endorsement of any candidate in the state, saying there was no iota of truth in the said reports in a section of the media. APC chieftain petitions Edo CJ, seeks removal of magistrate… Ahead of NEC meeting, Oshiomhole unveils fact finding… Ize-Iyamu formally dumps PDP, joins APC UPDATE: APC sinks deeper in Edo, as faction suspends… He said: “The newly elected national leadership of NAPS under my watch as the president of the entire polytechnic students sees it imperative to distance the well-meaning and intellectual polytechnic students from integrity attacking reports flying in the media,” as according to him, no candidate was endorsed in Edo State for the 2020 governorship election. “The planned convention of our dear association scheduled for Edo State over the weekend commenced on a disappointing note from the convention planning committee, chaired by Com Oluwole Jacob who carelessly dragged the hard-earned integrity of polytechnic students into political atmosphere of Edo State. ALSO READ: Government alone cannot fund university education ― AAUA VC “The unsuspecting polytechnic students who had converged for a convention in Edo State were dubiously lobbied into a rally tagged “SAVE EDUCATION RALLY” not knowing that the convention planning committee had already had unknown negotiations with a politician to turn the rally to an endorsement rally. “The anti students’ act of the Convention planning committee got the teeming student Union president of polytechnics in the country to immediately pass a vote of no confidence on the Convention planning committee, thereby immediately appointed a Convention chairman that conducted the election,” he said. Ijaduoye added that immediately he emerged as the President of NAPS at the convention ground, he saw it needful and as a matter of integrity to distance the Association from being dragged in dirty politics.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!