KANO State government, in its effort to pave way for less privileged people to have access to qualitative health care, has provided free health service and medication to over 10,000 less privileged people across 44 local government areas of the state The Director-General of the State Agency for the Control of Aids, Dr Sabitu Y. Shu’aibu Shanono, disclosed this on Sunday during the closing of the exercise at Dakatsalle and Dumaji towns of Bebeji and Garin Malam local government area respectively. According to him, “over 10,000 less privilege, individuals benefit from Kano State government multi-disease community outreach across five Emirates of the state.” The Director-General of the State Agency for the control of Aids, Dr Sabitu Y. Shu’aibu Shanono hinted out during the closing of the exercise at Dakatsalle and Dumaji towns of Bebeji and Garin Malam local government area respectively. Cuba gets first prime minister in over 40 years Don’t allow anyone send money to UK with your bank… Lagos PDP wants APC to give account of 20-year stewardship Plateau PDP demands election in four LGs ALSO READ: Don’t allow anyone send money to UK with your bank account, govt warns international students Dr Shanono said the program is designed to provide free health care and medication to less privileged in their respective domains for a period of three weeks. The Director-General observed that many people were discovered to be unknowingly living with dangerous ailments such as hepatitis, diabetes, hypertension and even HIV/AIDS, during the exercise, these conditions, if not detected on time, would have posed a serious threat to their well being and that of their families. He said the government of Abdullahi  Ganduje invested over 15 per cent of its total budget towards the development of the health sector, which scored the state best in terms of health care in the country. Some of the beneficiaries of the program expressed their happiness and urged the government to sustain the program to save the life of a poor individual at the grassroots. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!