A grassroots politician and pioneer North East Vice Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC), Alhaji Umar Duhu, has described the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Barr Boss Mustapha, as the pride and glory of the party in Adamawa State. Duhu said Mustapha is a perfect gentleman with a taste of all-round goodness as he found in him integrity as a character in everything he is called to do. According to him no wonder Boss is getting it right and seen dependable to work for Nigerian and the party at national. “For me, because of Boss Mustapha, I will always support and work for President Muhammadu Buhari even after 2023 by following his biding. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Buhari meets Chairman of Governors’ Forum, Fayemi, others Bowen University provides borehole, food items to Tahwun… FG unveils new 5-year national broadband plan Ogbomoso, Eruwa, Saki, Ibadan, Oyo roads listed as Makinde… Anambra Police nabs ten suspects for kidnap, fraud, others “During the LGA elections in Adamawa State, being a party man and staunch grassroots politician, he visited the state to support APC party candidates only for the election to be marred with all forms of irregularities. The powers that be later announced names of PDP candidates as winners of an election that was not conducted in all the 21 LGAs. “Boss you have shown yourself a die-hard APC man and one who believes in the party manifestos come rain, come sunshine. “I was shocked to read in some pages of the national dailies that Boss has failed to deliver his APC candidates during the local polls in Adamawa. “Come to think of it, was there any LGA election in the state? There was no credible election in all the 21 LGAs, PDP succeeded to superimpose their loyalists for obvious reasons. “Kudos to Boss for coming around to identify with us at the grassroots to see the high level of political criminality perpetrated by PDP during the last conducted LGA elections. “Please table our request to Mr President that the process of the election conducted by ADSIEC was marred with acute irregularities by PDP supporter,” Umar added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!