Bowen University has provided a modern-day borehole for a  Muslim community, known as Tahwun village in Iwo local government area in Osun State. The university  also donated generator set to power the borehole, as the institution  gave  the community  nine  bags of Rice While addressing  some of the Tahwun villagers led by the Chief Imam, Alhaji Abdul Mumini Lasisi, during the presentation of the gift  items  held at the campus recently, the Vice-Chancellor of the institution, Professor Joshua  Ogunwole reiterated the university’s commitment to social support to the growth and development of every hosting  community of the ivory tower, irrespective of their  religion and tribes He stated that Bowen would not leave any stone untouched to ensure that the communities in its domain would feel the impact of the university’s social responsibility in all its ramifications.  He promised that  Bowen university would commence free health services and other entrepreneurship enlightenment programmes that would have direct bearing with the major occupations of the community,  come next year. According to him, Bowen  University is demanding for a cordial relationship among all the communities and the institution that would boost the institution’s town and gown services in the communities. “Bowen will always appreciate the peaceful coexistence with all the communities in the land and the development will go a long way to encourage the university to play an active role in the development process of each of the communities. “I am using the opportunity to appreciate  Osun State Deputy Governor, His Excellency, Benedict   Alabi, who introduced the community to me recently. And ever since I have been thinking on how  Tahwun  Islamic community would be enlisted into the university community service programmes. ALSO READ: FG unveils new 5-year national broadband plan FG unveils new 5-year national broadband plan Ogbomoso, Eruwa, Saki, Ibadan, Oyo roads listed as Makinde… Anambra Police nabs ten suspects for kidnap, fraud, others Gombe governor bags traditional title of Wakilin Ilimin… “Bowen University stands for peace and egalitarianism,  irrespective of religion. Therefore, Bowen University social service is open to its host communities without bias. I see the need to fortify unity and peace between the  Muslim community and the Christian community. “We should be one as it used to be in the past, especially in Yoruba land. I share the opinion that old time love that existed between Christian and Muslim then should remain for the progress of our land. “Bowen is ever ready to support Muslim communities’ development in accordance with university mandate agenda as a   research, teaching and community service institution of higher learning,” said   the Vice-Chancellor. In his response, the Chief Imam of  Tahwun Community, Alhaji Abdul- Mumuni expressed satisfaction with the good gesture of the university towards Tahwun community. According to him, the provision of the borehole and big generator for the community by the university is a legacy that would remain indelible in the history of the Tahwun village. He noted that everybody, including the orphanage home, in the community is enjoying the borehole. While the chief  Imam pledged unity and peace, he said what the university has done would foster cordial relationship between the university community and that of the Tahwun Village. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!