After much speculation about whether or not his tenure would be renewed, Babatunde Fowler has finally departed the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) following the appointment of his replacement. The Presidency, on Monday, announced that President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Muhammad M. Nami as the new chairman. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) said Fowler, whose term of office expired on Monday, 9th December 2019 was expected to hand over to the most senior director on the board, who will take charge, pending the Senate confirmation of the new board. The statement said the President approved the composition of a new board for the FIRS subject to Senate confirmation. The board is composed of a member representing each of the six geographical zones and statutory representatives from a select number of ministries and government agencies. The statement described Nami as a renowned tax consultant, adding that he is “a well-trained Tax, Accounting and Management professional with highly rated qualifications and professional practice and licenses from relevant professional bodies, has almost three decades of practical working experience in Auditing, Tax Management and Advisory and Management services to clients in the banking, manufacturing, services and public sectors as well as non- profit organizations. Reps order FIRS to refund N4.6bn illegal deduction to… N25bn damages suit: FIRS, bank want out of court settlement FIRS confirms fire incident at headquarters PDP demands investigation into alleged N90bn FIRS scandal ALSO READ: Coalition gives Buhari 14 days ultimatum to release Sowore, others The statement added: “He is an expert in rendering advisory support services to investors in respect of new business start-ups and management of existing businesses. “He has also continuously rendered outsourced services to clients in trading, service and manufacturing sectors of the nation’s economy. “Muhammad Nami attended Bayero University Kano and Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria where he obtained a Bachelor’s Degree in Sociology (1991) and a Masters of Business degree (2004) respectively. He is a fellow of Chartered Institute of Taxation of Nigeria, Institute of Debt Recovery Practitioners of Nigeria and Associate Member of Nigerian Institute of Management (Chartered) and Association of National Accountants of Nigeria. He started his career with PFK in 1993 and rose to the position of a Senior Consultant in charge of Tax management and advisory services. He is currently the managing consultant of Manam Professional Services (Chartered Tax Practitioners and Business Advisers) based in Kaduna, Abuja, Niger State. “Mr Muhammad has served and is still serving, on many companies’ Board and Statutory Board Audit Committees. He was appointed as a member, Presidential Committee on Audit of Recovered Stolen Assets in November 2017 by President Buhari. “He is married with children.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!