A total of 1,726 students out of which 50 bagged First Class are to graduate during the combined 3rd,4th and 5th convocation of the Federal University, Kashere (FUK) in Gombe state this Saturday. This was disclosed by Vice-Chancellor of the University, Prof. Alhassan Gani on Monday at the pre convocation briefing held in the University in Kashere, Akko a Local Government Area saying that the University is proud to have 50 students who will graduate with first class. Alhassan Gani also said that 629 of the graduands were awarded Second Class Upper while 873 had Second Class Lower, 164 with Third Class and 10 Pass Degree. The VC further stated that during the convocation, six developmental projects would be inaugurated which comprised of road networks and landscaping within the campus, Faculty of Education building, University Library, school6 of General and Remedial Studies building, 500 Seater capacity Theatre and Multipurpose Indoor Sports Hall. ALSO READ: Several inmates electrocuted to death at Ikoyi prison, Aregbesola orders investigation Buhari reiterates commitment to making Nigeria food basket… Gombe governor, Inuwa Yahaya hosts Chinese investors Gombe governor attends USA-Nigeria Business and Investment… Gombe tertiary institutions: Commissioner appeals for calm… He added that the University which was established in 2013 had commenced Post Graduates degrees programs in 27 out of the 47 approved programmes by the NUC. Alhassan Gani also said that the University had accessed the sum of N2 billion from TetFund for six projects which include, construction of Auditorium, Construction and Furnishing of Chancellery, Construction of Academic Staff offices and furnishings, Purchase of Laboratory equipment among others. The VC added that the projects which would be inaugurated in September 2020 would go a long way in providing quality education and improving teaching and learning in the University which is aiming to be among the best in the country. He then disclosed that the Minister for Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Ali Isa Pantami will be delivering the Convocation Lecture titled the: ‘The role of Digital Economy for National Economic Development’ while some prominent individuals in the country will be honoured with Honorary Degrees (Causa). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!