Over 250 illegal gas outlets have been shut down for operations by the Abeokuta Field Office of the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) in Ogun State during the outgoing year. DPR Operations Controller in Ogun State, Muinat Bello-Zagi, who disclosed this on Monday at the second Annual General Meeting of DPR, in Abeokuta, said that the agency had been able to reach out to about 5,000 stakeholders on the standard requirements expected of them. Bello-Zagi said the agency remained committed to regularising and standardising the operation of gas facilities in the state. Bello-Zagi disclosed that currently, 70 per cent of gas outlets in Ado-Odo/Ota Local Government Area, which is the largest industrial area of the state, were illegal. She lamented that over 70 per cent of gas outlets in Ado-Odo/Ota Council Area were illegal, adding that the agency had started carrying out “mapping” having observed that certain roads in the state have an average of 10 gas facilities over a stretch of 5 – 10km. The DPR boss said the said “mapping” would guide the agency in the issuance of new approvals for gas facilities. Reps: DPR gets 16-hour ultimatum to unveil owners of 400… Reps reject suspension of PMS supply to border communities DPR revokes licenses of Pan Ocean, summit, others No plan to increase pump price ― DPR ALSO READ: #TribunePlatinumAwards: Nigerian Tribune is a national institution ― MD “The engagement process this year was able to reach an estimated number of 5,000 stakeholders. Routine surveillance to all nooks and crannies of Ogun State was stepped up. “We observed that safety compliance in retail outlets has improved and this was due to the constant engagement and surveillance. “The DPR in Abeokuta is currently mapping gas facilities in her area of operations. The aim of the exercise was to map the geographical spread, facilities concentration, conduct proximity analysis, ensure safety and as well as guide future approval based on the listed elements. “The mapping of gas facilities has demonstrated the capacity of technology to monitor and evaluate DPR procedures, enhance surveillance and enforcement. “The mapping will also serve as a useful advocacy tool for the department to engage stakeholders and other relevant agencies in terms of provision of facilities (fire services), business opportunities and tax collection,” she added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!