A few weeks ago a dear American friend and former colleague sent me an email. Permit me to quote him verbatim: “Hello brother Obed. I trust that you are fruitfully engaged these days. I read an article earlier today that immediately brought you to mind. I want to share its contents with you, as attached.  My point in sending it to you is not about the article itself, which concerns the potential number of Africans who may emigrate to Europe in the years to come, but the statistics quoted on Nigerian demographics. You are no doubt already aware of this. My question is, who in Nigeria is thinking about the future of the country and what it may look like, if indeed Nigeria becomes a country of 410 million (or even ‘just’ 310 million)? What does Lagos need and how does it prepare in order to become a megalopolis of 40+ million? I think these are questions that you are very capable of analyzing and writing about. Perhaps this could be the subject of one or more of your newspaper columns?” My friend is a distinguished agricultural economist who spent nearly 30 years of his professional career at the African Development Bank Group. We became more than just friends and colleagues. We became brothers. I must say I was deeply touched by his concern. The issue is, why would a white middle-class professional with a generous pension living out the good life in the suburbs of Seattle be worried about the future of Nigeria? Why are others seemingly more worried about our future than we ourselves? When I begin to reflect deeply upon the future, I become afraid. I had to be honest with my brother. There is nobody out there seriously thinking and planning for Nigeria’s future – neither the intelligentsia nor the political leaders or bureaucratic elites. I explained to him that our leaders are a myopic and highly parasitic group guided by the sole idea of “It is our time to chop”. For them, tomorrow is a highly abstract idea that is neither here nor there. What matters is what they can get today – and now.Thus it comes about that we have mortgaged the future of our children and grandchildren. I have a very simple message. And it is not a particularly palatable one. I humbly submit that, at current path-dependence, Nigeria cannot survive as a corporate entity by 2050. Our current dysfunctional system will not endure unless urgent action is taken to re-engineer our federation in a manner that ensures fairness and equity for all the constituent nationalities that make up our great country. From a purely systems-analytic point of view, our system cannot absorb the relentless pressures of geometric population growth, slow growth, massive unemployment, uncontrolled urbanisation, mounting slums, deepening poverty and inequality, widespread insecurity, violence, criminality and egregious social injustice in the context of purposeless leadership and widespread abuses of civil liberties.  In addition, the impact of climate change and the forces of accelerated urbanisation in the context of dwindling public revenues, a weak naira exchange rate, rising debt, terrorism, lawlessness and divisive politics are leading down a dangerous road. I say this not as a pessimist but as a patriot and believer in the Nigeria Project. But I am also a realist. They say we live in a post-truth world – an era in which anyone who speaks truth to power is seen as an enemy of the state. However, as a social scientist, political philosopher and public intellectual, my ultimate loyalty is to Truth and to the people and to posterity. It seems self-evident to me that no human system can survive overbearing pressures that its institutions are unable to manage or process into positive-sum outcomes for the good of the common people. In our own case, system failure is inevitable if we do not act with wisdom and collective purpose in the years ahead. If there is one area where Africans have failed woefully, it is in thinking and planning for their own future. The Chinese, for example, with their history of statehood dating back to millennia, often think in long-term centennial cycles. So do the Indians, Koreans, Indonesians, Malaysians and Singaporeans. The Gulf Cooperation Countries have made giant strides in economic development by thinking long-term and thinking Big. The nations of the Western Atlantic have always thought in long-term geostrategic terms; working through secret organisations such as Mont Pelerin Society, the Bilderberg Group, The Club of Rome and the Trilateral Commission. The historian and political thinker Carroll Quigley, who taught the young Bill Clinton at Georgetown University in the sixties, devoted much of his academic career to studying the role of such organisations in shaping international order in the twentieth century. FG to lower export levies for mining companies Genetically modified crops adoption: Stakeholders seek… N8.1m debt: Court orders seizure of Emirate aircraft Falana to FG: Obey Nigeria’s court orders as you did London… Many spurious pseudo-scientific theories have been propagated about race and underdevelopment. The so-called Bell Curve theory places black Africans at the bottom of the human intelligence quotient. James Watson, the biochemist who shared the Nobel Prize with Francis Crick for their discovery of the double helix, told a British journalist in 2007 that he was “inherently gloomy about the prospect of Africa” because “all our social policies are based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours, whereas all the testing says, not really.”The late Nobel laureate who passed early this year, claimed that although he wished everyone were equal, “people who have to deal with black employees find this not true.” It would seem that the overrated founding-father of Singapore, Lee Kuan Yew, was, unfortunately, not immune to the disease. In his autobiographical work, From Third World to First: The Singapore Story 1965-2000, he made reference to “genetics” being the problem explaining Africa’s backwardness. Racist theories are easy and cheap. But they are also very wounding and injurious to the self-esteem and collective psyche of the African people. They only serve to reinforce trans-Atlantic White Supremacy and what the late Kenyan political scientist Ali Mazrui termed “Global Apartheid”. Centuries of enslavement, colonisation and cruel discrimination have undermined the self-esteem of most Africans, both at home and in the Diaspora. As a consequence, we have lost the capacity to believe in ourselves and, indeed, to think for ourselves without reference to external authorities. The biggest danger facing a people is to lose the confidence to become an independent, inner-directed force for change and structural transformation. It would seem to me that Africans lack the courage to authentically be themselves and to plan for their own future as a people. I also believe that we are the prime architects of our own collective destiny.  Africa’s weak performance in the competitive advantage of nations lies outside simplistic and wicked racial theories. In our day and age, nations thrive and flourish when they make the right policy choices; when their ruling elites share a consensus on progressive market reforms that unleash the entrepreneurial energy of their people within the context of strong institutions, political stability, the rule of law and respect for property rights. Africa is the cradle of human civilisation. Through the great Pharaonic and Cushitic civilisations, we were the first teachers of the human race. Many of the autochthonous communities of Nigeria – from the ancient Nok culture of my own Southern Kaduna to ancient Ile-Ife and the Benin Kingdom – all trace their ancestry to ancient Egypt. And yet, 2 billion black people on this earth have been consigned to a status described by the immortal Franz Fanon as “the wretched of the earth”. Our beloved Nigeria, as the most populous black nation on earth, is the model and signifier of Africa’s collective destiny. The biggest danger facing a free people is when they lose their innate confidence as a sovereign and inner-directed national community.  As a consequence, Africans lack The Courage to Be as understood by the theologian and philosopher Paul Tillich. The late Chinua Achebe warned us long ago that, “Unless the lion learns to tell his own story, his history will always be written by the hunters”. Let it be known to the whole world: Africans are neither inferior nor superior to anyone. I believe in Humanity. But I also take pride in the dignity and indomitable courage of the African people. I believe in Kwame Nkrumah’s vision of “The African Personality”. I am not one of those who blame outsiders for all our misfortunes. I believe in the role and potency of human agency in history. And I believe that we as a people must take responsibility for our own future and for our collective destiny. Economic science conclusively establishes that nations thrive best when they make the right policy choices; when leaders share a consensus on progressive reforms that unleash the entrepreneurial energy of their people within the context of strong institutions, political stability, the rule of law, human rights and respect for property rights. We must plan for Nigeria’s future otherwise we will perish! SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!