The Chief Press Secretary to Kogi State Governor, Onogwu Muhammed, has applauded the appointment of Naziru Mikailu Abubakar as the new helmsman of Media Trust Limited. Onogwu, in a press statement on Monday, described the appointment of Abubakar as the new Editor-in-Chief/Executive Director of Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust and its titles, as a man “perfectly fitted for the job.” “Naziru is taking over the job from a veteran with a colossal figure in the field of journalism like Mannir Dan-Ali and I have confidence in the ability of the new Editor-in-Chief to exert himself, given his pedigree as one of the best digital journalists on the African continent,” he said in the statement. He said he was not surprised at the ability of management of Media Trust to identify Naziru, given its antecedents of “picking only the exceptional practitioners over the years”, and expressed confidence that the new E-i-C would turn around the fortunes of the company for the better. New Year: There is hope for Nigeria, God’s agenda will… Buhari appoints Ahmad Salihijo as REA boss Poor vision in children increasing concern —Experts Experts name best chewing stick for healthy teeth ALSO READ: Kwara inaugurates minimum wage implementation committee Onogwu, who expressed the preparedness of his office to work closely with the new Editor-in-Chief, pointed out that the Kogi State Government was working closely to “ensure sound and cordial” relationship with all media organisations in the country, including Media Trust. Media Trust Limited had earlier on Monday announced the appointment of Naziru Mikailu Abubakar as the new Editor-in-Chief/Executive Director of the company to take over from Mannir Dan-Ali who has served in that capacity since October 2007. The appointment, the company said, is part of its succession planning that will see the complete exit of owners/managers and enable more digitally attuned journalists to build on the strong Daily Trust brand and strengthen its position as a credible media platform. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.