Leader, First African Church Mission, The Most Reverend Michael Dare, has urged Nigerians to live in one accord in order to build the nation. He made this known at the 29th Nine Lessons Christmas Carol Service of the Cherubim and Seraphim Movement Church, Surulere District headquarters in Lagos State. “It is only with unity that the great country that everyone dreams about can be made a reality. “Nigeria is our nation and there is no other place in the world that we can call ours. “I want to charge Nigerians to join hands in order to salvage the country together and our tomorrow will be better than today,” he said. He also appealed to Nigerians to always pray for the leaders. “Majority of us are not following the Biblical injunctions again, the Bible mandates us to pray for those in leadership,” he added. “If you want to enjoy what the leaders are doing, we need to pray for them. Our Lord Jesus Christ is the Price of Peace, if we are ready to call on him, where there is no peace in the country, God will cause His peace to reign. “We need to remain here and work together for the peace of the country. “Those in authority should know that one day, they will give account of their works because after death is judgement. I beg them to always remember the masses; they are not there for themselves and families alone but for the entire Nigerians,” The Cleric said. Put away phones at mealtimes and talk to each other, Pope… NITDA investigates Lagos Internal Revenue Service for… NANS demands unconstitutional release of Agba Jalingo Stakeholders in Adamawa lauds SGF for equipping former… Speaking also, The District Chairman/ General Leader, Cherubim and Seraphim Movement Church, Surulere District headquarters, Special Apostle Prophet Sunday Korode advised political leaders in Nigeria to have the fear of God, as their mandate is to serve God and serve humanity in their position of authority. According to him, considering the socio-economic odds and turbulence that has defined the existence of the nation, adoration must be given to God that we are among the living witness at this time. Represented by the church’s Deputy District General Secretary, Special Apostle Pastor Benjamin Alaka, Special Apostle Prophet Korode, said the service is a Christian worship traditionally celebrated, on or near Christmas Eve. “In this service, the story of the fall of humanity, the promise of the Messiah and the birth of Jesus is told in nine short Bible readings together with singing of Christmas carols, hymns and choir anthems. “A service like this tells the story of God’s plan for the salvation of mankind, avenue to sing together with others in unity and that there is no need to fear because the message this season brings good tidings of great joy for everyone.” he said. Chairperson Planning Committee, Prophet Titilayo  Osinboyejo, said Christmas is much more than Christian celebration, noting that it is a celebration of charity and love as expressed by God for all, through the birth of his gift. “It is a wonderful time of the year to rejoice and appreciate God, despite all that is happening in the country, there is hope that Jesus Christ is there for us.” She decried that unfaithfulness, unrighteousness, lies, fornication and lack of the fear of God has taken hold of the country. “Nigeria will change, change is coming bit by bit, if we have faith in God and we are patient we will laugh last.” She urged Nigerians to be trustworthy, have the word of God in mind, worship him in total humility and should love one another. “We should believe that in whatever we are passing through now, there is hope ahead, it will not remain like this and we must change our ways because there is no hope in Christ,” she said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!