The Nigeria Police, Sokoto State Command on Friday dispersed members of the Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN) also known as Shi’ites who had gathered for procession in the state. Confirming the incident which took place at Danbuwa roundabout along Old Airport road on Friday, the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, ASP Sadiq Abubakar, said the exercise was done in a “pure professional way.” He debunked report of an online newspaper which claimed that lives were lost, saying there was no loss of life in the process. He also dismissed claims that live bullets were used on the Shi’ite members. According to the PPRO, “preliminary investigation revealed that a group of people suspected to be members of the proscribed Shi’ite group, came out along Old Airport road with the intent of carrying out a procession. “Upon confirmation of intention by security operatives, the gathering was immediately dispersed using minimal force, while the said suspected members got busy pelting stones on operatives and operational vehicles with intent to escalate the situation. Mother contradicts Spanish police after family members drown… Boss Mustapha urges Adamawa youths to embrace education,… Yemi Alade back with ‘Lai Lai’ Guber poll: Fast, pray for peace in Edo, Oba of Benin urges… ALSO READ: Mother contradicts Spanish police after family members drown in Costa del Sol pool “However, the situation was seamlessly brought under control shortly after the situation came to fore by the Joint Operatives. “The Sokoto State Police Command calls for calm as normalcy has since been restored and urges members of the public to go about their lawful businesses without any fear as the Command has emplaced adequate security arrangements to forestall any reoccurrence of such,” he added. Meanwhile, the Sokoto State command wishes all and sundry a crime-free season. All efforts to speak with the Shi’ite representative of members proved abortive as his phone number was not reachable as at the time of filing this report. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!