A woman, Temitope Adebayo has appealed to Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State to dissolve the wedlock between her and her husband, Olumide Adebayo. Temitope had sought for the dissolution of their wedlock on the accounts of lack of care and assault. The plaintiff added that her husband was jealous and was in the habit of monitoring her. Temitope in her divorce suit pleaded with the court if her prayer was answered to grant her custody of their only child and make him responsible for his upkeep. Olumide agreed to divorce stating that he was also fed up with their union. The court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, after he had heard both parties dissolved their union. Odunade gave the plaintiff custody of their child and ordered the defendant to pay the sum of N5,000 monthly through the court as his feeding allowance. He was also asked to be responsible for his education and health care. Giving her evidence Temitope told the court:”My lord, Olumide has proved for the six years we have been married that he’s irresponsible and undependable. “He feels unconcerned about my welfare and that of our only child. On many occasions he behaves as if we do not exist. Judge flees as SSS invades court to rearrest Sowore, Bakare Osun should not have one and half university while Oyo has… I nearly took my life due to depression  —UK Based Singer,… Entertainment industry is for the strong, not a child’s play… “He passed his responsibility of caring for the home to me. I feed him and our child on daily basis. He doesn’t care to know how food gets to the table all he knows how to do is to eat. “The only thing Olumide considers his responsibility is paying our child’s school fees. “My lord, my husband after eating to his fill would pounce on me and beat me to a pulp. He complains about everything and is never satisfied with all that I do. “Olumide is jealous. He feels threatened seeing me with other men and is always accusing me of having affair with them. He monitors my movement and has embarrassed me on many occasions in the presence of these men as a result of his irrational behaviour. “My lord, what my experience is in marriage is a far cry from my expectations when going into it. Olumide has assaulted me enough. My mind is made up on leaving him. I, therefore, pray that you separate us. Olumide told the court that: “My lord, Temitope is a liar. She lied that I beat her. I’m a gentleman and can never hurt a fly.” Contradicting himself, Olumide stated that, “My lord, I have only beaten my wife once since we got married six years ago. “She fought me for accommodating a female tenant who was thrown out by our landlord in our apartment.  Temitayo was not around then. She was angry with me when she returned and met this female tenant and some of her luggage in our home. She concluded I was sleeping with her and fought me tooth and nail. “Temitope turned deaf ears to my plea and refused to listen to my explanation. I got irritated and ended up beating her. “My wife is disobedient and regularly flouts my orders. I also agree that our union be dissolved since she has no regard for me as the head of the home.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!