All may not have been heard about the legal process that is trailing the last gubernatorial election in Bauchi state despite the Court of Appeal declaration of Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir as the duly elected governor of the state as the state chapter of the APC has declared its intentions to head to Supreme Court to challenge the judgement. The declaration was made by the State APC chairman, Uba Ahmed Nana over the weekend during a stakeholders meeting held at the party Secretariat, saying that the party is not satisfied with the judgement. Uba Nana while addressing the stakeholders said: “The judgment has been passed yesterday, we have received it. We are studying it and we are taking the next line of action. So, we will be heading to the Supreme Court. The case will terminate at the Supreme Court by the special grace of God.” The APC Chairman explained that the stakeholders meeting was aimed at rubbing minds, reviewing how things are moving in the party with a view to taking corrective measures and strengthening the party. TB Joshua charges Bayelsa gov-elect to prioritise welfare of… Oshiomhole: APC UK wants party to focus on delivering… FCT minister of state hails Adeyemi’s victory Multiple auto accidents claim ten lives in Bauchi ALSO READ: Two boys die as motorcycle plunges into river in Osun “It is a normal meeting that from time to time, we used to have to meet one another and look at the ways and means of strengthening the APC in Bauchi state. It is just to strengthen our movement and keep in touch with our teeming supporters. We cannot afford to lose contact with our teeming supporters,” he stated. Also speaking, the former deputy governor of the state, Arch. Audu Sule Katagum said that APC is still strong and formidable in the state having the majority of members of the State House of Assembly, House of Representatives and all the three Senators. The spokesman of the former governor Mohammed Abdullahi Abubakar, Ali Mohammed Ali in a telephone conversation with our correspondent said that his principal and his team of lawyers are studying the judgement and will act accordingly. When told that APC in Bauchi state has declared its intentions to head to the Supreme Court on appeal against the judgement, Ali Ali opined that the party has the right to take any decision on the matter but assured that his principal after consulting with the legal team will make his decision public. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!