The National Publicity Secretary of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), Honourable Yemi Akinbode, has dumped the party for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Speaking on Thursday during a rally organised at Are-Ekiti, Irepodun/Ifelodun Local Government Area of Ekiti State, Akinbode noted that his decision to join the APC was in line with the decision of the National Executive Committee (NEC) which culminated in the support and endorsement of President Buhari for a second term in the build-up to the 2019 general elections. According to him, “You are aware that the SDP and APC reached an agreement in February 2019 to work together in furtherance of the SDP goal to deepen our nascent democracy. Going further, therefore, we must ensure we consolidate the gains and benefits of that agreement. As a stakeholder in this process, I have decided to join the APC to strengthen the process for national unity and progress.” He backed the clamour for the South West to produce the presidency in 2023 calling on the national leadership of the APC to reward the loyalty and steadfastness of the zone to the party. We won’t rig Saturday’s LG poll ― Fayemi APC sweeps 22 chairmanship positions in Niger Lawal Idirisu retains rep seat in Ajaokuta rerun election Zamfara APC cautions social media supporters against hate… ALSO READ: Buhari approves appointment of 9 new Perm Sec in civil service “If politics is about performance and party loyalty, the southwest has demonstrated that, so presenting a Yoruba presidency in 2023 is an opportunity to reward the zone for their steadfastness, diligence and loyalty. Let this be a lesson to all Nigerians that loyalty to ones’ course is a good virtue that we must all imbibe. “The Southwest has reached a threshold where it has become imperative that the APC must compensate its loyalists for the 2015 and 2019 landmark political achievement. Let us be united by this purpose and goal. It is a time that the southwest close ranks and work together as one family to realise its aim in 2023,” Akinbode said. Receiving the decampee and his supporters to the party, the APC chairman in Ekiti State, Mr Paul Omotosho described Akinbode as a man who would more value to the party in the state. Represented by the party’s chairman in the local government, Mr Victor Ogundele, he disclosed that the defectors would be given a level playing ground to contribute to the APC in future elections. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!