The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) said it is working to ensure that only trucks that scale integrity tests and have good tracking system are deployed for petroleum haulage on Nigerian roads. The Acting Director, DPR, Mr.  Shakur Rufai, stated this at the agency’s 2019 stakeholders’ Annual General Meeting (AGM) with the theme “Ensuring A Safe Petroleum Products Transportation System” in Lagos. Rufai represented by Mr Sani Hassan, Deputy Director, Basin Assessment and Lease Administration, DPR, said that the move was to regulate the activities of tanker drivers on the road. He said that the essence of the AGM was to collaborate with all stakeholders in ensuring safe petroleum products transportation system across the country. “The DPR thanks all stakeholders for ensuring products availability through the year; we hereby also implore everyone to work assiduously to ensure there is no scarcity as the year gradually draws to a close. PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens “Stakeholders are further enjoined to work with the government and agency in ensuring an accident-free Yuletide. We, however, assure you that the agency will continue to work with all stakeholders to drive and enhance good business practices,” he said. Rufai reiterated that the agency was taking proactive steps to find lasting solutions to the challenges of safe and efficient road distribution of petroleum products. He said the meeting among stakeholders would proffer solution on the way forward to sanitise the downstream sector. To this end, he said the DPR would continue to meet with the executives of Petroleum Tanker Drivers (PTD), Depot and Petroleum Product Marketers Association of Nigeria (DAPMAN) and Independent Petroleum Product Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN). Rufai said other critical stakeholders include the Major Oil Marketers Association of Nigeria (MOMAN), Lubricant Producers Association of Nigeria (LUPAN), Lagos State Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources, Federal and State Fire Services and the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!