US-based Nigerian entrepreneur and showbiz executive, Martin Fayomi, who has been working behind the scene to ensuring that Nigerian music goes beyond the shores of the country, has said he’s living his dream. In a recently held interview, Fayomi stayed that it is fulfilling for him making Nigerian music a momentum on a global scale. According to him, African music is rich and shouldn’t be enjoined by Africans alone. “It is dream coming to fruition working with the music industry stakeholders. Thankfully, I have successfully expand the reach of the Nigerian music beyond the geographical entity of the African continent, and it is overwhelming,” he said. A Nigerian descent Fayomi is the founder and CEO of Firematic Entertainment, an outfit that specializes in the curation of Afrobeats music and talent management. His love for Afrobeats music has led to the promoting of Nigerian music and creative talents in the Nigerian music industry which has accorded Afrobeats international recognitions. Born in the 70s in the city of Lagos, Fayomi had his primary education in Oxford Nursery & Primary school, Ikoyi, before advancing to complete his secondary school education in Unity Secondary School, Ikere. Judge flees as SSS invades court to rearrest Sowore, Bakare Osun should not have one and half university while Oyo has… I nearly took my life due to depression  —UK Based Singer,… I feed, clothe him, but he still beats me for allegedly… He later proceeded to New York in the United States of America where he obtained his Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) in Pre-Medicine from St. John’s University. Fayomi has a Masters degree in Epidemiology from the New York Medical College. He also has a postgraduate diploma from the prestigious Harvard University. As an entrepreneur, he has several successful companies to his name. Among the companies are Firematic Entertainment, Statscorp Analysts Consulting firm, Braydieux Media & Communications, Martkin Logistics, LLC. Notable among the a-list Nigerian artists he has promoted in the US include D’Banj, JJC, Banky W, DJ Spinall, Zlatan Ibile, Iceberg Slim to mention a few. Martin Fayomi holds an impeccable reputation for his massive contribution to the growth of Afrobeats in diaspora. He is happily married and blessed with two children.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!