Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu and his Oyo State counterpart, Mr Seyi Makinde have tasked legal practitioners to rise to the challenge of protecting the judiciary from interference. The duo made this call at the opening ceremony of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) Ibadan branch, held at Aare Afe Babalola Bar Centre, Iyaganku, Ibadan, on Monday. Delivering the keynote address, Makinde harped on the need to uphold the rule of the law, urging federal and state actors to shun impunity. Describing disregard for the law as worse than corruption, Makinde charged Nigerians to elect leaders with a track record for obeying laws. “For Nigeria to be greater, we must as a matter of urgency, identify that we have bigger problems than corruption. “We must agree that disregarding the law is worse than corruption. We must understand that to build strong institutions and achieve good governance, state and federal actors cannot act with impunity. My pension less than N1m as former governor ― Alao-Akala Ibadan Poly set to hold 34th convocation ceremony Oyo govt to engage more PSPs to address waste challenge Gov Makinde describes NYSC as future, hope of Nigeria ALSO READ: Restructuring best way for Nigeria to go, SMBLF insists “As I declare the 65th-anniversary celebration of the Nigerian Bar Association, Ibadan branch open, it is my solemn prayer that we as a people set our standards higher. “That we elect leaders who have a track record for obeying laws, and that as followers we do our part to keep the leaders in check Makinde said. “Nigeria can be greater. But we all have a role to play to achieve good governance. “We cannot afford to downplay the role of the judiciary in this process. “We have confidence in the judiciary as the last hope of the oppressed. “Therefore, I urge you all here seated to rise to the challenge of protecting the judiciary from interference,” Makinde said. The event also featured remarks from state Chief judge, Munta Ladipo; state Attorney General, Oyelowo Oyewo; Chairman, NBA Ibadan branch, Dr John Akintayo. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!