The academic community of Obafemi Awolowo University ((OAU), Ile-Ife, Osun State was thrown into mourning on Saturday following the discovery of the body of a lecturer, Mr Nicholas Igbokwe, who died in his office. Igbokwe was a lecturer in the Department of Physical and Health Education, OAU before his sudden death. The Public Relations Officer of the institution, Mr. Abiodun Olarewaju confirmed the death of Igbokwe during a telehone chat with TribuneOnline. He stated “it s a pity we lost him. Nobody expected that. He was brought in (hospital) this morning dead.” The university was thrown into mourning on Saturday upon discovery of Igbokwe’s lifeless body in his office at beside the Sports Complex of the university. TOTAL invests N100m in capacity building for 240 young… BREAKING: Three Chinese nationals abducted in Osun released BREAKING: 12 corpses burnt in fire outbreak at OAU morgue Seven persons die in Osun auto crash ALSO READ: Bonnke’s death, great loss to Nigeria ― Buhari Similarly, students of the university under the auspices of Federation of Igbo Students (FIS), have expressed shock over the demise of Igbokwe. Describing Igbokwe as one if their notable pillars of support, the lamented that he would be greatly missed by majority of students on campus. Reacting over development, peaking, one of the members of FIS, Genius Obinna described Igbokwe as “a lecturer, a sport man, a father, a philanthropist, Titan, an Igbo legend who has helped FIS innumerably in diverse ways both financially and materially.” ”We have lost a great personality. Mr. Igbokwe was the one who sponsored the indigenous association cup last edition; a man of principle and a good man. Mr Nicholas Igbokwe died in his office beside Sports Complex and was discovered this morning (Saturday). “We hereby mourn with the bereaved family and OAU in general. He will be greatly missed. May the Good Lord console them all, and may his humble soul rest in perfect peace. Amen,”Obinna remarked. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!