Many people were between Monday night and early Tuesday injured as factions of the National Union of Road Transport Workers ( NURTW) clashed in the Berger area of Lagos State. More than a dozen vehicles were also vandalized by the two warring groups in the clash over control of motor parks in the area. Eleven people have been arrested in an operation, which was coordinated by the commander in charge of the Rapid Response Squad, Olatunji Disu, a deputy commissioner of police, who was assisted by policemen from Isheri and Ojodu Berger . When Tribune Online  visited the area on Tuesday afternoon, palpable tension still enveloped the area but anti-riot policemen were sighted on patrol in the area. It was gathered that the clash might not be unconnected with the decision of the leadership of NURTW in Lagos State to hand over the control of parks in the area to caretaker committee members. A source in the area, who pleaded anonymity, while speaking with Tribune Online, narrated that “there have been tension since the state council inaugurated caretaker members” “Some people felt angered by this move and this set of people are looking for means of wrestling the control of parks in the area with the favoured caretaker committee members. Governor Bello extols security agencies for foiling robbery… We’ll continue to make Lagos peaceful for all… Infrastructure: AfDB backs use of $1.8trn pension/sovereign… Gov Bello’s aide lauds appointment of Naziru as Media… ALSO READ: Governor Bello extols security agencies for foiling robbery attacks on highways He also continued that ” there has been apprehension here for some time now as the ousted group is hiding under the border situation in the area to claim part of the parks .” The resident also said that “around 12 noon on Monday, the two groups started the war as they used different objects including, broken bottles, iron planks and stones on each other” “The area was still a bit busy at that period and pedestrians began to scamper into different parts for safety as the two groups proceeded to the Lagos – Ibadan Expressway. Policemen from a nearby police station were invited but they were unable to control the warring groups with each of them mobilizing for more members. It, however, took the intervention of the Rapid Response Squad ( RRS) before normalcy was restored to the area. The RRS team chased the hoodlums to the Otedola bridge, where some of them were arrested. The image maker in charge of the state police command, Bala Elkana confirmed the incident and added that eleven people have been arrested in connection with the incident. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.