The city of seven hills which is known for its records of many firsts, Ibadan, will add another culinary first to its accolades as preparations are in top gear to host the maiden edition of the Naija Peppersoup Festival on December 14, 2019. Considering Ibadan as the first port of call for Naija Peppersoup Festival tagged Ibadan Invasion, is not out of the niche the third largest city in Africa has created for itself, but also because of its history of culinary lifestyle as well as its position as one of Nigeria’s fastest growing cities in terms of entertainment and business with a relaxation hub for weekenders. Scaling up the euphoria of the Naija Pepper Soup Festival, the organisers have also up their game to thrill pepper soup lovers with other side attractions as the venue of the event, Agodi Gardens will be lit up by some Nigerian top and finest musicians; Abbas Obesere, Eedris Abdulkareem and Artquake. Tagged ‘Ibadan Invasion’, the maiden edition which has been endorsed by the Oyo State government will be held on 14th December 2019 at Agodi Gardens and put together by Portyer Event. The Naija Peppersoup Festival is conceptualised to refresh people’s memory of the origin of pepper soup, a special cuisine discovered and first prepared in West Africa even when some people believe it is of foreign origin. “The Naija Peppersoup Festival, however is a celebration of culture, using food (PepperSoup) as a major attraction. The festival will feature varieties of Nigerian peppersoup to go with different brands of chilled drinks and finest music ambience to make the experience a complete one. Speaking on the initiative, the Commissioner for Information, Culture and Tourism, Hon Wasiu Olatunbosun who was paid a courtesy visit by Portyer Event, organisers of the festival in his office in Ibadan, applauded the entire team for bringing out such a unique concept different from the norms on the ground. Yuletide: Anambra govt warns residents against bush burning DSS court invasion confirms Nigeria sliding into… Transport sector: LASG seeks organised private… Thugs attack NPA MD at NASS “All I have been seeing here is Amala festival, Pounded Yam galore and so on, celebrating pepper soup seems and looks very unique to me and I believe so it will to other people, it’s a welcome idea and we can’t but give it the needed support.” According to the organiser of the festival, Chief Executive Officer, Portyer Event, Mr Rotiwa Arowa said “The festival is going to be a special experience no one can afford to miss and the first where over 50 cooks will be on ground to prepare different kinds of pepper soups for people’s pleasure. “This is one area that has not been explored and another huge potential to recreate the hospitality content of tourism. Its is not coming on a solo package but with other expanded packages that  go alongside music and entertainment as top and popular Nigerian singers among who are  Obesere, Eedris Abdulkareem, Adex of Artquake, Klever Jay etc will be on ground to thrill guests.” Speaking on the reason Ibadan was picked for the maiden edition, Arowa said “Ibadan is the political capital of Yorubaland and as it is, it is the indigenous capital where event of this magnitude can hold, though plans are on to extend the subsequent editions to other parts of the Nigeria. “On support, the Oyo State Government and top media organisations are throwing their weights behind the Naija Pepper Festival tagged Ibadan Invasion.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!