AS the Federal Government makes efforts to solve the infrastructure challenges, investment experts, capital market regulators, operators and other stakeholders will gather on December 7 to proffer solutions on how the  government can tap into the nation’s capital market to tackle the challenges. The experts will gather at Dover Hotel, Ikeja, for the  2019 Annual Conference of the Capital Market Correspondents Association of Nigeria (CAMCAN)  to discuss the theme: Bridging Nigeria’s Infrastructure Gap: The Capital Market Option. The Guest Speaker is Mr. Oluseun Olatidoye, who is  Head, Debt Capital Markets for FBNQuest Merchant Bank Limited, one of the leading merchant banks in Nigeria. Olatidoye, who is highly experienced in raising capital,  has over the last eight years  managed a multi-award winning team that has led the execution of several mandates for sovereign, sub national and corporate issuers valued in excess of  five billion dollars. A panel of specialists from regulatory organisations, securities exchanges and other operators will also discuss and bring more perspectives to Olatidoye’s presentation. FG to lower export levies for mining companies Genetically modified crops adoption: Stakeholders seek… N8.1m debt: Court orders seizure of Emirate aircraft Falana to FG: Obey Nigeria’s court orders as you did London… The acting Director-General of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Ms Mary Uduk, will be the  special guest of honour, while  the Chief Executive Officer, the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE), Oscar Onyema, Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, FMDQ Securities Exchange Plc,Bola Onadele, will be guests of honour. Also, expected is the  Managing Director/CEO, Central Securities Clearing Systems Plc (CSCS), Haruna Jalo-Waziri, representatives from listed companies, trade groups and others to grace the occasion. In a statement, CAMCAN  said capital markets which have pools of long-term funds can provide the required financing for infrastructure, saying  the experts will examine how government can use the market to solve the infrastructure challenges at relatively cheaper costs. “Although, Nigerian  equities  market has witnessed a bearish trend in recent time,  the country’s huge infrastructural deficit in power, housing, roads, healthcare, port services among others are still better addressed via capital market. “With government economic reforms running at full throttle, prospects are high for the sustained development of the Nigerian debt market as a viable tool for financing Nigeria’s infrastructure,” the association noted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!