WINNERS have emerged from the essay competition organised by Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) to enhance financial literacy among the youth. At the ceremony, Miss Adeniyi Adesewa of Grandmates Secondary School was announced the 1st place winner of the competition out of 40,966 applicants across Nigeria. She was awarded a N500,000 scholarship fund for her university education; N500,000 worth of equity investment; and a laptop. Grandmates Secondary School was also awarded 3 desktop computers and a printer. Miss Temiloluwa Oladipo and Master Adeoye Okhaioisevai both of Oritamefa Baptist Model School emerged 2nd and 3rd, respectively. Each of them got a scholarship for university education, equity investment and a laptop, along with desktop computers and a printer for the school. In addition, the top 3 winners were given the prestigious honour of a Closing Gong Ceremony at the Exchange, while 7 other finalists received laptops in recognition of their good performance. At the event, NSE reemphasised its commitment to driving financial literacy among Nigerians and most especially, the young population, while explaining that financial literacy and investor education remain at the core of the Corporate Social Responsibility Strategy of the Exchange. Review of Tribal Leadership Workers’ remittances largest inflow on balance-of-payments… 10 mistakes leaders make when giving performance feedback Brand focus: La Casera, boosting CSR profile through… The local bourse, however highlighted the critical role of the capital market in delivering sustainable socio-economic growth and development in Nigeria. Speaking at the event, the Chief Executive Officer of the NSE, Mr Oscar Onyema, emphasized the need for innovative solutions to leverage the capital market for the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). “We need to connect people with products and services that build human and physical capital, as well as bridge infrastructural gaps in Nigeria. “We have also identified the critical role of millennials in achieving these outcomes evidenced by the overwhelming interest today’s youth have shown in this exercise. We were not only delighted by the thousands of entries we received this year – up over 100 per cent from last year – but also impressed by the quality of progressive solutions articulated in the submissions, some of which will be presented today,” Mr Onyema added. The NSE Essay Competition is a financial literacy initiative aimed at bridging the gap between classroom learning and practical knowledge required for long-term personal financial planning. The topic for this year’s edition, “How can the capital market help to create a better future for all.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!