THE Federal Government has made known its intention to establish integrated and demonstration farms across the six area councils of the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. While identifying agriculture as one of the key ways to bridging the unemployment gap in the country, the Minister of State, FCT, Dr. Ramatu Tijani Aliyu made the disclosure during her visit to the Integrated Farms Limited in partnership with SSC Nigeria Limited in Kagoro area of Kaduna state. The Minister also affirmed that major soil test will begin by January 2020 in the six area councils to ascertain the viability of the project. According to her, the proposed integrated and demonstration farms when established, will empower and build up the capacity of farmers, and close up the unemployment gap in the nation’s capital. Ogun begins broiler rearing empowerment programme Border closure: Nigeria can feed Africa —NAIS CRIN seeks FG’s support on cocoa planting materials Agric expert proffers solution to high cost of food Aliyu also pointed that Abuja has a large market to take in all produce from such integrated farms, stating that the intended project will boost economic activities in the territory. In her remarks, “I came here with chairmen of the six area councils to carry out an on the spot assessment of Integrated Farm in collaboration with SCC Nigeria Limited with a view to replicating such in all the councils across the territory. What we have seen so far is quite encouraging and I can assure you that it is achievable. “I have no doubt in my mind that if properly executed in the FCT, it will not only bridge the unemployment gap, but it will further boost the economic activities of farmers. We as an administration will continue to strengthen and empower the youth and women in the agricultural value chain,” she added. She further called on the management of the farm for technical support especially in the area of training, stating that such aid will further deepen the existing relationship between the FCT Administration and the constructing firm. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!