THE Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Adetunji, on Friday, elevated a former Commissioner for Environment and chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State, Chief Lowo Obisesan, to the traditional status of the Aare Ago Balogun of Ibadanland. Obisesan’s elevation from the Gbonnka Olubadan was celebrated with APC leaders and elders at the Popoyemoja palace of the Olubadan. Other elevated chiefs are Chief Sarafadeen Alli, from Asaju Balogun to Ekefa Balogun; Chief Owoade Jibowu, from Aare Alasa Balogun to Abese Balogun of Ibadanland; Chief Akeem Adewoyin, from Ikolaba Balogun to Maye Balogun of Ibadanland; Chief Samuel Adeniran, from Ayingun Balogun to Agbaakin Balogun of Ibadanland. Others are Chief Adebayo Oyekan, from Aare Ago Balogun to Aare Alasa Balogun; Chief Raufu Eleruwere, from Lagunna  Balogun to Ikolaba Balogun; Chief Emiola Onideure, from Oota Balogun to Asaju Balogun and Chief Busari Adebisi, from Aregbeomo Balogun to Ayingun Balogun. Day of mourning in Kazakhstan following plane crash that… Remains of six persons found in wreckage of Hawaii tour… Miss Kenya wins 4th edition of Miss Africa Beauty Pageant Zamfara: Two killed, 12 others injured in road crash Speaking at the event, Olubadan commended the newly elevated high chiefs for his contributions to the development of Ibadan land and urged him to do more for the progress of the land. Reacting to the elevation, Obisesan described his new chieftaincy title as a motivation to do more for the people of Ibadan and Oyo State. He commended Oba Adetunji for maintaining peace within the city’s traditional institution. “Our father, my father, the Olubadan of Ibadanland has proved that despite intimidation, it is possible to maintain integrity. With this new task, I want to assure him that we shall continue to support the development of Ibadanland and the state in general,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!