It was all horror in Iyere village of Atakumosa West Local Government Area of Osun State on Monday when three persons lost their lives following a violent clash between Hausa and Yoruba residents. Though details of what led to the clash could not be ascertained as of the time of filing this report, sources informed the Nigerian Tribune that one Hausa man was having a disagreement with a Fulani and a Yoruba man prevailed on them to give room for peace. According to one of the sources, the intervention of the Yoruba man infuriated the warring individuals who allegedly attacked and killed him. The development was said to have prompted a reprisal attack from some Yorubas who allegedly killed two Hausa men during the ensuing melee. Two boys die as motorcycle plunges into river in Osun Chinese nationals abducted in Osun regains freedom Ayinde felicitates Oyetola on his first anniversary in… Reps pass bill for establishment of Fed College of Education… As a result of the clash, there was growing tension in neighbouring mining communities, including Itagunmodi and Igila as residents were gripped with fear of possible tribal hostilities. ALSO READ: Foundation donates security vehicle to NSCDC in Anambra When contacted, the acting Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of Osun State Police Command, ASP Mustapha Katayeyanjue confirmed the incident but said only one person was killed during the clash. He stated that “one Baguga a non-Yoruba settler allegedly stabbed to death 27years old Tope Kayode at the stomach over yet to be established the reason. In a spontaneous reprisal reaction, some stores within the community were burnt.” “The deceased has been deposited at Westley Guild Hospital morgue for autopsy while a high powered investigation has been instituted, intensive covert and overt patrols have been emplaced, monitoring of the area in progress while effort is ongoing to arrest the fleeing culprits”, Katayeyanjue hinted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!