Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Ganduje, has fired back at a group of Kano elders who asked the state government to repeal the law that created four new emirates in the state. Ganduje said the group cannot change his decision on the appointment of the additional Emirate councils in the state. According to him, the creation of new Emirates in the state which followed due process has come to stay. It would be recalled that a Kano Elders under the auspices of Advocates For United Kano, headed by a former presidential candidate of the defunct National Republican Convention (NRC), Alhaji Alhaji Bashir Tofa, last week for the repeal of the law, adding that it would end up destroying the age-long tradition of the ancient city of Kano. ICYMI: Ganduje appoints Sanusi chairman of Kano Emirate… Kano targets 3.8m Children for meningitis vaccination Kano, Lagos, Ekiti top APC Governors Forum’s October… Kano assembly seeks Ganduje’s intervention in three… ALSO READ: Under my watch, Ogun people will sleep with eyes closed, CP Ebrimson assures But a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information, Malam Muhammad Garba, a copy which was made available to journalists on Monday, said the new Emirates were created as part of efforts to reform obsolete laws guiding the existence of the traditional institution so as to tally with existing reality. The statement said to demonstrate Ganduje’s sincerity, he appointed Emir Muhammadu Sanusi II as the new Chairman of the Kano State Council of Chiefs. The statement reads: “From what we have understood, it is a group of people with an inclination to the opposition party in the state. They do not represent anyone but themselves and are just trying desperately to become relevant in the scheme of things.” The statement added that the establishment of additional Emirates in the state is aimed at bringing more development to the people of the new Emirates and also because of the need to bring traditional institutions closer to the people in addition to facilitating speedy socio-economic development and security in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!