BRITISH Airways has gone into partnership with The Diana Award for 2019 Legacy Awards, hosted by Earl Spencer. As the official travel partner, British Airways flew Diana Legacy Award winners from across the globe to London for the bi-annual award ceremony. The airline said the unique accolade celebrated the achievements of 20 outstanding young leaders, visionaries and role models from across the world who have demonstrated their ability to inspire and mobilise new generations to serve their communities. Established in memory of Diana, Princess of Wales, and her belief that young people have the power to change the world for the better, The Diana Award aims to recognize and inspire the next generation of young leaders who are creating positive social change in their communities. It is one of the most prestigious accolades a young person aged 9-25 years can receive for their social or humanitarian work. Why Lagos Airport is yet to be certificated —NCAA Pakute politics in Oyo State Securing data against cyber attacks Expert says eating adequate proportion of onions can control… In addition to meeting with HRH, Duke of Cambridge at Kensington Palace and being presented the award by Princess Diana’s brother, Earl Spencer, the award recipients would have access to a unique development programme. The winners were selected from a poll of nominations by an independent judging panel which included British Airways chairman and CEO Alex Cruz; Baroness Lawrence OBE and Holly Branson. Speaking on the development, BA Chairman and CEO, Alex Cruz said: “We are delighted to partner with The Diana Award for the Legacy Award ceremony, as they continue their work in recognizing incredible young people. British Airways is committed to having a positive impact in local communities in the UK and around the world, so we are proud to support projects and individuals who make a positive, lasting impact.” For the Chief Executive, The Diana Award, Tessy Ojo: “This is a landmark event for The Diana Award as we celebrate our 20th anniversary year. This ceremony is about celebrating young people for their selfless contribution to society, their courage and bravery, and demonstrating to young people that we value them.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!