Nigeria’s youth-focused and innovative telecommunications company, 9mobile, is collaborating with Nextsat TV to deliver quality digital entertainment experience by providing new and exciting video and audio content. The exclusive deal is set to unlock access to an exciting array of contents from the Nigerian music industry, the Nigerian Professional Football League, Kannywood, Nollywood and host of other content providers. In addition to entertaining viewers, the new video entertainment platform will provide a strategic window to project Nigeria and Africa’s rich entertainment talent pool to a global audience. As an added benefit, subscribers of Nextsat TV will enjoy the power of choice in deciding how they experience entertainment with multiple viewing options including dish-decoder, mobile/Over-the-Top (OTT), Pay Per View, Video On-Demand and e-Gaming. PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens Commenting on the MoU signing, Acting Managing Director, Mr Stephane Beuvelet, said 9mobile is partnering with Nextsat TV because it is positioned to disrupt the digital entertainment space by offering superior quality content and expanding viewing options that will transform how entertainment is consumed, which is in line with the innovative trait of the 9mobile brand. “Nextsat TV is a disruptor, which delivers competitive value in premium Nigerian and African media contents. “Previously unavailable or inaccessible contents due to strict piracy protection will be readily served,” he added. In his remarks, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Nextsat TV, Mr Malik Ado-Ibrahim said he invites all lovers of quality media content to brace-up for a new experience in digital entertainment. He further stated that his company was pleased to work with 9mobile to deliver a thrilling alternative to viewers. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!