Odole of Ife, Sir Adebutu Kessington, a recipient of the Tribune Platinum Awards said Nigerian Tribune has added to his honour with the award given to him. Sir Adebutu disclosed that although he wasn’t born with a silver spoon, he has a diamond spoon in his mouth. Receiving Nigerian Tribune Platinum award as Nigeria’s Most Timeless Business, he said: “I thank the African Newspapers of Nigeria PLC for the honour bestowed on me. They have no doubt added another feather to my cap. I want to also thank all Nigerians for honouring me. I must say I have received over 400 awards from across the country. “In fact tomorrow (Wednesday), another award is waiting for me at Tai Solarin University of Education. I wasn’t born with a silver spoon. But today, I give God the glory as I have diamond spoon in my mouth. Tribune, agent of national unity ― Awardees Tribune has contributed greatly to political economy of… #TribunePlatinumAwards: My greatest achievement as Osun… #TribunePlatinumAwards: Nigerian Tribune is a national… ALSO READ: Three reasons I appreciate #TribunePlatinumAwards conferred on me ― Ajimobi “I have every reason to give thanks to God for His mercies upon my life and this is why through my foundation, I am giving back to society, reaching out to the less privileged. I pray Nigerian Tribune lives eternally.” In his own response after the Award was bestowed on him, former governor of Akwa Ibom State, Godswill Akpabio, appreciated the management of Tribune for honouring him with the Award after four years when he left the office. Akpabio, who is the Minister of Niger Delta, is currently outside the country and was represented at the event by his Chief of Staff, Sir Etakamba Umoren. He said that: “For being remembered for my achievements in office as governor, it shows that Tribune is known for keeping records and I appreciate you for the honour.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!