Disturbed by a letter emanating from 35 Kano coalition of civil society groups, calling on Kano state governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, to start process of dethronement of the Emir of Kano, Malam Muhammadu Sanusi II, if he failed to abide by the law guiding establishment of Kano state council of Chiefs, a coalition of 183 Civil society and community-based organisations under the aegis of the Kano Civil Society Forum ( KCSF) have dissociated itself from the purported demand of dethroning Emir Sanusi II According to a statement issued by the spokesperson of KCSF Alhaji Ibrahim Wayya Rano, and made available to pressmen, the groups dissociated themselves from the call for the emir’s deposition, calling for the arrest of Mr Ali, the signatory to the letter sent to Mr Ganduje. His words, “It is disheartening that, some politically motivated and faceless individuals, would claim to be acting on behalf of a coalition of civil society organizations in Kano, who were alleged to have called on the Governor for the dethronement of the Emir of Kano Mallam Muhammadu Sanusi II. The statement added “should these apparition group genuinely represent the civil society organizations, their energy must have centred on promoting peace and unity, promotion of good governance, socio-economic development, promoting the welfare and wellbeing of the good people of Kano, and ensure a peaceful co-existence of our dear state, but not the other way round. ALSO READ: Do not reject being posted as teachers, Ganduje urges corps members serving in Kano Kano commits huge resources for effective running of… Kano State has highest number of out-of-school children in… Kano NUJ to honour Ganduje, wife, Danbatta, others Ganduje’s resolves to ending drug abuse yielding… The Groups noted that “It is on this note, we want to categorically lay bare and detach ‘Kano Civil Society Forum’ from the position of this unregistered, faceless and quarks Civil Society organizations, who proved from the content of their statement, to be unskilled, anti-peace and politically sloppy,” However, It would be recalled that Mr Ganduje, through his chief press secretary Abba Anwar had on Thursday confirmed receiving a letter from purported “civil society groups” calling on him to dethrone the Emir for alleged disloyalty to the government. The statement further said “Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano State has received a letter from a coalition of 35 civil society groups urging him to, in the interest of protecting the sanctity of the rule of law, and the mandate given to him by Kano electorate, as a matter of urgency, start the process of dethroning the Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II,” Mr Anwar said the letter was signed by one Ibrahim Ali, who reportedly spoke on behalf of the unnamed 35 civil society groups. “The letter was signed by Comrade Ibrahim Ali, chairman of the coalition, which continues that, ‘Soon afterwards, the same law which repeals all the existing Emirate Councils Laws, and consolidates it in the Kano State Emirate Council Law 2019, was again been challenged first by the purportedly five kingmakers from one of the emirates established by the said law,” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!