We all desire a tummy that looks more like a washboard, which is a stark contrast for most of us. Bulging abdomen and a wobbly tummy that we struggle to tuck and hide in corsets or baggy tops. Belly fat is frustrating and stubborn. It can chip into your self-esteem and confidence. Worse, love handles are the hardest ab-flab to trim off. Losing belly fat boils right down to two things. One: a healthy diet. Two: consistent workout routine. These are the most effective ways to trim your belly fat and keep it off for good. But, it can be a long, drawn-out process. If you don’t have the funds for a dramatic full procedure for a tummy tuck, don’t fret. You can still get the same results in a jar: A belly fat burning cream. These gels are touted as the “creamy workout for lazy abs.” Well, you must be thinking, can a gel help me reach my lean belly goals? Let’s find out. So what is a belly fat burning cream? Tummy tuck creams come in a creamy or gel formulation. They promise to give you a more toned, flat, and firm belly. These “tummy morphing” creams chip away fat around your midsection for a trim, shapely silhouette. And after the ripping gym exercises, the cream helps tighten any loose skin to give you a firm look. Are belly fat creams worth the hype? What A-list ingredients are in a tummy tuck cream? Do you want an immediate “cosmetic girdle” effect? Try out belly fat-blasting creams. These creams pack a cocktail of potent ingredients believed to possess superior slimming abilities: green tea, caffeine, chili oil, carnitine, menthol and d-limonene. These ingredients work in tandem to rid you of water weight. Green tea: Green tea is packed with potent antioxidants and is often touted as a powerhouse if you want to shed off the extra inches. The high concentration of antioxidants enhances fat burning by boosting anti-adipogenic, anti-glycation, and anti-inflammatory action when formulated as a toning cream for the tummy. Caffeine: Crowned as the “holy grail” of slimming creams, caffeine reduces the appearance of cellulite by squeezing water off fat tissues making them appear smoother and smaller. caffeine also boosts circulation on the specific area making your skin work harder to flush out toxins and push fat deposits away from the skin. Chili Oil: Chilli oil creates a warm, tingly sensation on the skin. This is referred to as the thermogenic effect. The warm feeling enhances sweating further dehydrating the fat cells. With smaller fat tissues, you achieve a toned and trimmed belly. Chilli oil also boosts circulation, reducing the appearance of cellulite. It also soothes and comforts aching muscles especially if you went ham at the gym. Carnitine: Carnitine is lipolytic. It encourages the break down of fat, allowing the body to tap into the fat reserves for energy, thus supporting effective weight loss. D-Limonene: D-limonene is a crucial component of essential oils with grapefruit essential oil having the highest concentration. It helps breakdown fat into fatty acids which are, in turn, used as energy in the bloodstream. How do you use belly fat burning creams? For maximum efficiency, we recommend you use your belly fat-blasting cream under a waist trainer or apply it to the target area before exercise. The combination of pressure from the best waist trainer and the dehydration from the cream flushes fluid off your tummy. Your belly will appear trimmer and flatter. Apply the cream on the target area twice daily using a circular motion and stick with it for at least 2 months. Gunmen attack Jonathan’s community, kill Soldier Reject N50 PoS fee, CBN tells Nigerians Yuletide: Enugu state indigenes in Bauchi get free ride home Flamboyant lifestyle, cause of insecurity in Nigeria, cleric… The best creams for belly fat: There are tons of belly blasting creams in the market. Sadly, most are a waste of hard-earned money. If you want something that actually works, keep reading. It doesn’t hurt to use a cream to tone down those pesky areas. Want an enviable beach body to show off during the festive season? We’ve rounded up the best belly fat burning creams that will banish that wobble and leave you looking sculpt and firm. Get slathering! Elaimei Elaimei slim cream promises to deliver a toned waist and perky abdomen and butt. This “gel corset” shapes your waist while melting off stubborn fat. It is made from safe, mild natural ingredients and is easy to absorb. It hydrates and moisturizes your skin while firming your abdomen and slimming your arms, waist, and legs. If you’re not a fan of dieting and exercise, this cream is your go-to purchase to gain that beach body and boost your confidence. It visibly reduces the appearance of cellulite and prevents future cellulite reoccurrence. Maple Holistics We all desire firm and lump-free thighs, right? This serum promises to give you firm and cellulite-free skin. If you’re suffering from weight gain and water retention, this “miracle fat burning cream” is your best bet. Maple Holistics gives you a slimmer silhouette and promotes elastin and collagen formation. You get silky smooth skin with zero cottage cheese and orange peels. It also contains a blend of therapeutic essential oils and botanical essences to rejuvenate the body and boost circulation for a stunning, fit physique. This natural reliever relies on both hot and cold therapy to comfort tight and painful muscles, especially after an intense workout. ToullGo ToullGo slimming cream is designed to help you meet your body goals and give your confidence a boost. Use it with a waist trainer to enhance its effectiveness. The cream targets your waist, abdomen and buttocks. The cream boosts cellular metabolism, stimulates circulation, and shift fat away from the target area, giving you a toned physique. It also blasts cellulite and prevents future reappearance. ToullGo is made from plant extracts that are safe, mild and quickly absorb into the body. It hydrates, firms your tummy and slims your arms, waist and legs. The added hydra boost also nourishes and improves the appearance of dry skin. Murara Billed as the “daily ab toner,” Murara slimming cream is sure to have you looking trimmed and toned in no time. This potent formula claims to contain a blend of natural toning and tightening ingredients with zero preservatives. It promotes faster fat breakdown in problematic areas: arms, abdomen, hips, thighs, and legs giving you a slimmer outlook. The powerful cocktail of natural ingredients speeds up flushing of harmful toxins and blasting of fat cells resulting in both weight loss and detoxification. Bottom line: We all have a tiny lump or massive bump on our tummy we wish to melt away. There are tons of creams that promise to blast off belly fat and give you a flat tummy. You want to choose one that’ll give you a bang for your buck. But keep in mind; belly fat-blasting creams are not a magic potion. To keep the extra inches off for good, stick to a healthy diet, and exercise routine. Trust me; it’s worth it. You’ll reach your lean-belly goals faster. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!