Tara Obiago and Bella Obiago, a.k.a TaraXBella, are the new girls on the country’s music block. The duo, whose debut EP entitled “11:4” on digital platforms, already has about 20,000 streams on iTunes and Spotify. The seven-track EP features five new songs and two songs from their previously released tracks. Predominantly RnB and neo-soul singing sisters developed a passion for singing as children. They began to write and record songs as well as perform in shows in Abuja, the first being NTA’s band stand in 2006. Although they started dabbling in music in 2006 as teenagers in secondary school, the duo released their popular single entitled “Wayo” which features Ghanaian artiste, Ian Jazzi. “Wayo” went on to become the Song of the Week on Accra’s number one radio station, YFM, the week it was released. It was also featured as part of the soundtrack for the 2014 movie, “Love or Something Like That” starring John Dumelo and Joselyn Dumas and directed by Shirley Frimpong Manso. Osun should not have one and half university while Oyo has… I nearly took my life due to depression  —UK Based Singer,… I feed, clothe him, but he still beats me for allegedly… Entertainment industry is for the strong, not a child’s play… On their expectations from the EP, Tara told Saturday Tribune that it is their hope that this EP will make more Nigerians embrace RnB, neo-soul, afro jazz and other alternative forms of music. “We also hope the EP gets us noticed by some epic artistes and producers in the industry so we can collaborate in the future and enjoy mentor-mentee relationships that will help us to grow.” Since “Wayo”, the sisters have released more songs including covers and features on other artists’ songs. In 2017, they participated in the second season of The Voice Nigeria and secured a spot in Team Timi after Timi Dakolo made the controversial decision to break the rules just to have the sisters on his already full team. After their short stint on The Voice Nigeria, the sisters returned to Abuja where they continued to record music, perform at events and even curate their own events as they also put together their first body of work. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!