Governor-elect of Bayelsa State, David Lyon, during a courtesy visit to the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN), yesterday, in Ikotun, Lagos was told by the senior cleric of the ministry, Prophet T.B. Joshua, to prioritise the welfare of the people. This was part of the charge given to the newly elected incoming governor of Bayelsa State by Prophet Joshua. Mr Lyon had visited the church, on Sunday, to show appreciation to God’s goodness upon his life through the ministry of SCOAN. Prophet Joshua while recognising the presence of David Lyon and his entourage during the televised Sunday service told the congregation that: “This is not the time for testimony. This will come after his inauguration. I want to give my brother a message that he will continue to think about. ALSO READ: Dino Melaye vows to contest Adeyemi’s victory in court Bauchi guber legal tussle: We are heading to Supreme Court,… Oshiomhole: APC UK wants party to focus on delivering… FCT minister of state hails Adeyemi’s victory Card readers: Party chairmen disagree with PDP over call for… “I want him to have something that will continue going through his heart. I am not going to say anything that the Spirit of God would not. He is not a new person to us. He is one of the brethren in this ministry. He is one of us. He has been a fervent believer in the blood of Jesus. Going by the politics in the town today, I want my brother to know the only way the people of Bayelsa will believe that he is the one they voted for is for him to meet the expectations of the people of Bayelsa,” he said. Prophet Joshua sought the prayers of the congregation for Lyon in order to succeed in his new task of leading the people of Bayelsa. “He is banking on your prayer because the best is yet to come. My brother, I am at your service. When I say I am at his service, I mean I am at his service to see that the expectations of the people of Bayelsa are executed,” Prophet Joshua added. It will be recalled that David Lyon was declared the winner of the just concluded gubernatorial election in Bayelsa State by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Sunday, 17th November 2019. Lyon of the All Progressives Congress (APC) will succeed the outgoing governor, Seriake Dickson, who has ruled the state since 2012.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!