In it’s resolved to continue to offer innovative services to Nigerians through best packaged experience, Eko Hotels and Suites, Lagos has light up its Tropical Wonderful Christmas fiesta for Nigerians to enjoy the holiday period. Tagged Eko Hotel Tropical Christmas Wonderland, the light up ceremony which brought a magical moment to the ambience of the Eko Hotels and Suites is another trendy package that will usher in weeklong activities driven treats to host family from December 23 to 28, 2019. Speaking during the light up ceremony, the chairman of Eko Hotels and Suites, Chris Chagoury who spoke with great enthusiasm about the innovative Christmas package for Nigerians said the hotel is determine to relive a sustainable ad momentous experience for customers in Nigeria. According to him “We have created a wonderful christmas experience to give our customers a long lasting moment of fun together with myriads of family fun treats to make the period an amazing one with our tropical wonderful Christmas activities. “ The tropical experience is designed for families and individuals to have another classic Christmas memories and create new magical hospitality moments that only Eko Hotel offers with a lineup of thrilling events between December 23 and 28, 2019. According to the Director of Marketing, Iyadunni Gbadebo, Tropical Christmas was born out of us relieving the magic of the true essence of Christmas, giving people all those lost memories about how Chriastmas used to be and bringing it back by making families to come together, enjoy and share instead of travel abroad. “What you are seeing now is just the light up, the main programme starts on the December 23 to 28, we have families checked in within that period, some of them are either on three or five night packages. PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens At the moment we are sold out in all four hotel but we still have ticket available for people who want to come and attend event without necessary stay in the hotel.” Speaking on the concept of the tropical Christmas, the General Manager of the hotel, Mr Danny Kioupouroglou said the whole idea is that we are in Africa, so we cannot be emitating the western world (Europe where there is snow) to celebrate the way the do. But since we are in Africa which is the tropical we have to celebrate it our way. “You will see our santa claus wearing sandals and he will be come in keke, which is going to be an Africa idea of Christmas and that is what we are promoting with the new initiative we started today with the light up of the hotel environment. “Again it is a way of making Nigerians to spend their Christmas holidays here in Nigeria than they spending it in other parts of the world like UK, US, Dubai, Australia etc, but now we have created entertainment opportunity for them to stay in Nigeria, spend their money at home and enjoy good time here. That is what is happening in Eko Hotels and Suites with the tropical experience. “During the Christmas period, we have a lot of activities and concept to engage people with different treats for the season. We have a mini concert with Nigerian tatents that is taking place on December 25, we have a pyjamas party, a singing Christmas tree were people will be coming out from their branches to sing, there will be santa claus parade and procession. “What you are seeing here tonight is our way of contributing to the entertainment sector by engaging with the people viz-a-viz showing them what they can see and feel in Nigeria at this time of the year. Everybody is talking about develop and promote tourism in Nigeria and that is actually what we are doing. “So we are doing this for Nigerians to stay, enjoy and have a fantastic time here in Nigeria and not abroad.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!