The 2019 Human Rights Summit held in Abuja has called on the federal government to imbibe the culture of strict adherence to orders of the court and to strengthen the capacity of the judiciary. A communique at the end of the summit, organised by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) also recommended adequate training for security agencies and effective coordination and synergy among stakeholders in the Criminal Justice System. It also urged the National Assembly to enact laws that will give effect to the provisions of chapter 2 of the Constitution, leverage the appropriation process by scrutinizing the budget made by the executive to make for items that will promote economic and social rights. It said the Judiciary should interpret Chapter 2 and 4 of the Constitution in a manner that will make them mutually reinforcing, called on the government to reposition public institutions to serve the citizens and that international agencies and development partners should provide more technical assistance to the country for effective anti-corruption strategy. It also recommended the strengthening of prevention mechanisms of corruption to safe high cost of investigation and prosecution, aligning policy, strategies and activities of government on anti-corruption. Tribune, agent of national unity ― Awardees USAID partners Bauchi to boost reading culture among primary… Tribune has contributed greatly to political economy of… Ogun: We’ve shut down over 250 illegal gas outlets in… ALSO READ: I am sorry, Fayose begs aggrieved PDP members in Ekiti The communique stated that if the recommendations of the summit are well implemented by governments at all levels, it will enhance the enjoyment of human rights in Nigeria and in particular assist the country in the attainment of Agenda 2030 and other developmental programmes of government. The summit, with the theme, “Adopting Rights-Based Approach in the Public Sector Sustainable Development Agenda”, provided the platform for stakeholders to put into proper perspective various issues concerning the promotion, protection and enforcement of human rights in the country. In order to ensure that the country improves on its human rights reporting obligations and to enhance public enlightenment on the regional and international review process of the human rights situation in Nigeria as well as the enjoyment of human rights, the communique said there is need to institutionalize a broad national consultative process to assess the human rights situation in the country periodically. The summit which was held in Abuja between 8 and 9 December 2019 addressed thematic issues bordering on Civil and Political Rights, Economic Social and Cultural Rights; Women, Children and Vulnerable Groups; Building a Culture of Accountability; Business and Human Rights; Mainstreaming Human Rights in Nigeria Humanitarian Response to Insurgency; Role of Media in the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights in Nigeria. Participants were drawn from Federal and State Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs), the U.N agencies in Nigeria, the Judiciary and the Legislature, diplomatic community, academia, the Media, Faith-Based organizations, traditional gatekeepers, the civil society as well as other relevant stakeholders. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!