Stakeholders in labour have identified workers as the driving force of the economy of any nation and therefore called for South-South collaboration among relevant institutions in resolving workplace challenges. Professor  Akua Opokua Britwun of the University of Cape Coast, Ghana; the First President of Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Hassan Sunmonu, and  the Head of Civil Service of Kwara State, Mrs Modupe Susan Oluwole, stressed the need for training and re-training of workers, especially the civil servants. They made the  call  at an International Conference jointly organised by Michael Imoudu National Institute for Labour Studies (MINILS), Ilorin;  the Nigerian Industrial and Employment Relations Association (NIERA) and the Department of Employment Relations and Human Resources Management of the University of Lagos. The theme of the conference is: “Employment  Rights, Industrial Governance and Humanisation of the Workplace: Present Realities, Future Prospects.” According to Professor Britwun, it has become imperative for nations in Africa to shift from North – South; to South –South collaboration where the nations concerned can speak the same language and engage in the same issue as academic Institutions that are positioned to address national workforce. She noted that the world of work is central to the economic development of nations, especially within the sub-region of ECOWAS that are still grappling with infrastructural development, skill and governance issues. She commended MINILS for organising the conference which would serve as a panacea that will allow for a direct connection with industries, labour and the state and assist in creating avenues for discussion on alternative ways to end workplace challenges. PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens In his keynote address titled: “My Reflection”, the Guest of Honour, Comrade Hassan Sunmonu, emphasised the need for trade unionists and workers to always strive to acquire more knowledge and know a bit of everything. Comrade Sunmonu, eulogised his late mentor, Comrade Wahab Goodluck, for his roles in Nigeria labour movement, and charged workers to continue to learn as long as they live. He urged workers to be patriotic and advised trade union leaders to imbibe certain values which include dedication to work, honesty and commitment to the cause of their members, union, nation and humanity. In his remarks, the Director – General of MINILS, Alhaji Ishaq Alabi, noted that the conference was an important addition to the traditional programmes of the institute and signals managements’ intent to upscale the activities of the institute. Alhaji Alabi, who said the event was the first major academic conference hosted by the Institute, expressed optimism that it will bring about the crystallization of the vision of partnership between the Institute and other Institutions. The Special Guest of Honour and Head of Civil Service of Kwara State, Mrs. Modupe Susan Oluwole, described the issues for discussion at the conference as germane and determining factors to the existence of any organization. While stressing the need for workers to be trained on how to effectively carry out their jobs, she emphasized that the efforts of workers should also be complimented with incentives to serve as motivation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!