The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has dismissed the threat by the main opposition party in the country, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to boycott future elections in the country. Speaking on Monday, while meeting with the leadership of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), the national chairman of the PDP, Uche Secondus, said his party might consider a boycott of future elections as he accused the APC of frustrating genuine electoral process in the country. Secondus claimed that recent elections were rigged by the APC using state apparatus to muscle opposition parties. But the APC in a statement signed by its national publicity secretary, Mallam Lanre Isa-Onilu said the remarks attributed to Prince Secondus was a confirmation of its earlier stance that the PDP has since become rudderless. Onilu urged other opposition parties to brace up and seize leadership position from the main opposition party. He said: “The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has become disillusioned by the string of election victories recorded by the All Progressives Congress (APC) – 2019 Presidential Election, majority governorship wins, National Assembly seats and other governorship elections in Ekiti, Osun, Kano, Kogi and Bayelsa states. “In fact, Prince Uche Secondus, PDP’s National Chairman on Monday lamented that it would be difficult for the PDP to participate in future elections in the country. ALSO READ: President Buhari departs Daura “This is exactly our fear. Is this not a confirmation of APC’s earlier position that Nigeria was fast becoming a one-party State as a result of the rudderless and soulless PDP, Nigeria’s supposed main opposition party? We won’t jettison Smart Card Reader, INEC assures… APC shielding Kogi election violence perpetrators ― PDP Buhari seeks Senate’s confirmation of National Hajj… PDP stalwart slams APC over decision to approach Supreme… ”No doubt, our country deserves a strong and vibrant opposition to play its conventional role in the polity and to deepen democracy. The PDP has shown crass and shocking incapacity to perform that role. As a party that believes in democracy and progressive politics, we are worried by this obvious vacuum. ”No rigorous and intelligent interrogation of the current administration’s policies and programmes by the PDP. Just idle chatter, propagation of fake news, post-election delusions and other unpatriotic conducts. This is dangerous for our democracy. “The APC hereby invites other registered political parties to step up and perform the crucial opposition role the PDP has failed so woefully to play. ” The APC further dismissed the PDP call for electoral reforms ahead future elections as it claimed that there was no need for such reforms. ”The PDP canvasses electoral reforms. The most important reform before the leadership of PDP is to change their ways. By now, the PDP should have realised that their old underhand political methods no longer work. PDP should adjust to the reality of an emerging political environment where manipulation, intimidation, and brigandage are becoming unhelpful to any political party. “While at it, they should remember to find a political direction with a clear and purposeful ideology that can benefit our country. Until they achieve this, no amount of electoral reform can cure PDP of its malady. Nigerians would continue to reject them until they do away with their odious ways. “On the governance side, the PDP is reminded how compared to its past administrations which enjoyed record earnings, yet frittered our commonwealth, with limited resources, the President Muhammadu Buhari-led APC administration continues to achieve several visible milestones. “The governing APC recognizes the importance of a vibrant opposition, which the PDP has failed woefully to play. Of the several other registered political parties, we challenge any of them to step up and play this important role. “Finally, we reiterate our position that there remains much to be done in ensuring the sanctity of our electioneering process, particularly partisan approach to elections. The PDP must begin to address itself to the new reality that under the President Buhari administration votes are beginning to count. We will continue to check and frustrate PDP’s inglorious practices of massive thumb printing, ballot box snatching, vote-buying, thuggery, using state institutions, particularly INEC, the judiciary and security agencies to manipulate the electioneering process.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!