Armed men stormed Ganye town in Ganye Local Government of Adamawa State in the early hours of Tuesday and abducted two nursing mothers and three children, from the house of one Alhaji Hussain Ahmadu. A relative one of the victims who does not want his name mentioned, said the gunmen stormed the house near Federal Government College at about 2:00 am, overpowered the security men and abducted the victims at gunpoint. “The gunmen stormed the area at about 2:00am on Tuesday, overpowered the security men and entered the house where they abducted two nursing mothers and three children at gunpoint. “Residents were woken by gunshots as the assailants who came in large numbers, bore dangerous weapons carry out their operations,” the eyewitness disclosed. He noted that police in the area where alerted and they swiftly accosted the assailants leading to a serious exchange of gunfire at Buwangal. “During the heavy exchange of fire, four policemen were injured. The injured Policemen have been taken to Ganye hospital while the kidnappers succeeded in taking away their victims,” the source added. Information Officer of the Local Government, Kabiru Njidda, in a phone chat, told Tribune Online that about four policemen have been injured. ALSO READ: #PMBAt77: Okowa congratulates President Buhari at 77 “I’m just about to see the DPO over the issue but four policemen have been injured. I will call you after meeting with the DPO to brief you about the actual situation,” Njidda pledged. Confirming the incident, the image-maker of Adamawa State police command, Sulaiman Nguroje, said the crime took place in the early hours of today when the armed men invaded the house of Alh Hussain Ahmadu situated at a remote side of Wukari Ward, in Ganye town and kidnapped his two wives with two kids. “Immediately police were alerted, the DPO and his team rushed to the scene to prevent the crime but were ambushed. After shootouts, four of our men sustained bullet wounds. “The command mobilised heavy team and are now going after the hoodlums to rescue the victims and arrest the kidnappers,” he said. To stem the tide of insecurity in the state, Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri purchased and distributed 60 hilux vans as well as dozens of motorcycles to security formations upon assumption of office. About two weeks ago, the state police command also paraded no fewer than 309 hardened criminals including kidnappers and armed robbers across the state in an audacious move to nip criminality in the bud.