The Chief Imam of Osogbo, Sheik Musa Animasahun on Saturday said there was no controversy over the Friday’s turbaning of the former governor of Osun, Rauf Aregbesola as the Waziril Muminin of the state. He contended that the title was bestowed on Aregbesola by League of Imams and Alfas of Osun State. Animasahun’s reaction came on the heels of the position of Osun Muslim Ummah that kicked against the religious title, saying the turbaning must have been orchestrated by the personal gratification of the “turbanee”. Speaking during a telephone chat with Tribune Online, the Chief Imam of Osogbo said, “the League of Imams and Alfas in Osun bestowed the religious title on Aregbesola. All Muslim sects and groups in any town are under the control of the Chief Imam of such town. There’s no controversy about this title at all.” “It is possible for some people not to be happy about it. But, their position doesn’t make any difference. The people you are talking about are not known to us at all,” Animasahun remarked. Governor Sanwo-Olu signs 8,272 units hostel deal for LASU… ECOWAS economy made steady growth, achievements in 2019 ―… Yuletide: Police deploy 1,567 personnel in Nasarawa Christmas: Aisha Buhari distributes food items to Christian… ALSO READ: Governor Sanwo-Olu signs 8,272 units hostel deal for LASU students However, the Osun Muslim Ummah in a statement signed by Sheik Abdul Yekeen Adamolekun Jenyo said “the religious chieftaincy is never a reflection of perceptions of Osun Muslim Ummah in any form or circumstances. The ordination or coronation is as a result of personal gratification which might have been orchestrated by sectional inducement by the “turbanee” and as demonstrated by the “Osogbo-turbaners.” The statement reads “while we are not dragging the issue of turbaning with anybody as it remains the fundamental human right of any masquerade to seek for a visa to Makkah el-Mukaramah, it is the right of Osun Muslim Ummah to withdraw their consents; purportedly given to this coronation.” “Should the acclaimed Waziri parade himself as such round the state, we will not hesitate to do the needful as it was done during the time of Prophet Muhammad (solaLahu alaehi wasalam) when similar ‘Munafeeq’ was launched.” “The agony which Rauf Aregbesola brought to Osun State is still lingering while we keep praying to Almighty Allah to come to our aid. Osun State has no Waziri-el-Mumeen and when she will have one it can never be Rauf Aregbesola.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!