The governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kogi State, Engr. Musa Wada, Saturday evening, submitted his 1,500-page petition against governor Yahaya Bello to Kogi State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Abuja. The PDP Kogi Governorship candidate arrived at the Registry of the tribunal situated at the premises of a High Court of the Federal Capital Territory at Wuse 2, in the company of his lawyer, Jubril Okutekpa, SAN, around 7 pm. Nigerian Tribune gathered that despite the court, a blackout at the court, with the aid of lights from handsets, Wada signed the over 1,500-paged petition that consisted of three Volumes, in the presence of officials of the court. Shortly after he concluded the petition filing process last night, the PDP candidate told newsmen that he was optimistic of getting a victory at the tribunal. ALSO READ: Focus, Funding, keys to having to a great musical career ― Toby “We hope that the judiciary will get justice not just for me, but for the common man that voted for me. No matter what anyone may say, I still believe that the judiciary is the last hope of the common man and I am a common man,” Wada said. Ekiti LG poll worst in nation’s political history ―… Tinubu should succeed Buhari ― Group agitates Late PDP woman leader, Salome Abuh, finally buried Edo APC crisis: Ojezua denied access to meeting with Buhari His advocate, Okutekpa told newsmen that his client is praying the tribunal to declare him the winner of the November 16 governorship election. Cited as Respondents were the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), governor Bello and the All Progressives Congress (APC). Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) had on November 18, declared Yahaya Bello of the APC as the winner of the governorship election. The Returning Officer, Ibrahim Garba, who is the Vice-Chancellor of the Ahmadu Bello University, ABU, declared that Bello polled the highest number of votes in the election with 406,222 to defeat Wada of the PDP who scored 189,704 in the election. As collated by INEC, Bello defeated Wada with a total of 216,518, while Natasha Akpoti of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) came a distant third in the election with 9482 votes. Wada insisted that the election was rigged in favour of the APC candidate and also alleged that the exercise was marred by widespread electoral malpractices and violence. Under the Electoral Act, a governorship election petition must be filed within 21 days after the final declaration of result was made. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!