The Nigerian woman whose husband and two children drowned in a Costa del Sol swimming pool in Spain has hired a top lawyer to dispute claims that they could not swim, Daily Mail of UK reported. Mrs Olubunmi Diya, wife of Pastor Gabriel Diya of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) in South-East London told the Daily Mail of UK on Saturday that “something must have been wrong with the pool that made swimming difficult” as she challenged the allegation that her husband and children Comfort (9) and Praise-Emmanuel (16), were not skilled in swimming. Her words put the spotlight back on the six-and-a-half feet deep pool at Club La Costa World near Fuengirola, Malaga, where there has been allegation that there were problems with the pump system of the pool. Praise-Emmanuel and Gabriel jumped into the pool after Comfort lost her footing and got into difficulty. Daughter, Favour, 14, had been playing with Comfort moments beforehand. The family had been on holiday at the resort from their home in Charlton, South-East London. Fuengirola-based lawyer, Javier Toro, spokesman for centre-right Ciudadanos party in the principality, is understood to have been hired by Mrs Diya. Main events defining the Buhari presidency in 2019 SEC approves extension of C&I right issue Getting ready for the new year 2019 events in the banking sector “The whole family, all five of us, went to the pool together and were all present when the incident occurred,” she said. “The children were not left unattended. We followed the instructions displayed by the pool side at all times. “The children went into the pool using the steps but found themselves dragged into the middle, which was deeper and called for help when they could not get out. “My daughter did not fall into the water. My husband went in via the steps trying to help the two struggling while I ran to the nearby apartments shouting for help to assist my husband. By the time assistance came, the three of them were under the water. “I believe something was wrong with the pool that must have made swimming difficult for them at that point in time,” she said. Gabriel’s widow and surviving daughter were due to fly back to the UK on Saturday, but are currently being comforted by relatives who flew to Spain from Britain. It was not clear whether they will delay their return or jet back home as scheduled.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!