Governor of Oyo State, Engr. Oluseyi Abiodun Makinde and the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Tukur Yusuf Buratai are among top public officials with exemplary performances who will be honoured at a book launch in honour of President Muhammadu Buhari. Makinde will receive the Award of Patriotism As “Human Capital Development Star of the Year” for dispensing uncommon and engaging leadership which prioritises the interests of the masses in his state while Buratai will recieve the Award of Extraordinary Patriotism As “Most Outstanding Legend of the Year”  for leading troops in successful counter-insurgency operations and for devoting his life and energy to impressively combat Boko Haram terrorism and allied insurgencies in Nigeria. The award is being organised by TheNigerian News,  a multimedia news organisation with offices in the United Kingdom and Nigeria. The media organisation has been on top of news reporting via its Television, online and print media and in 2017 expanded its scope from news reporting to identifying and honouring outstanding personalities in Nigeria with awards in order to encourage such persons sustain the drive that had endeared them to the people through developmental projects and positive impact on the lives of people. This Year’s award would be preceded by book launch on the life and leadership impact of President Muhammadu Buhari. The book is entitled ” Integrity vs : Power Play: Understanding the Buhari Phenomenon” written by the Publisher  of TheNigerian News, Chief Philip Agbese. A statement from the media organisation said Makinde has admirably proved his capacity as a visionary, who is focused with lofty initiatives and programmes designed to cure the age-long cancer of neglect, poverty, impoverishment and underdevelopment which has plagued the state. Police disperse Shi’ites members during procession in… Mother contradicts Spanish police after family members drown… Boss Mustapha urges Adamawa youths to embrace education,… Yemi Alade back with ‘Lai Lai’ It noted that, “Gov. Makinde’s barely six months’ leadership of the state has restored smiles on the faces of enslaved pensioners, civil servants, youths, farmers and communities with debilitating development issues. “The Emancipator-Governor has indisputably demonstrated that the public commonwealth of Oyo state belongs to the people.” The statement added that Governor Makinde  is deemed worthy for the award of “Human Capital Development Star of the Year,” for enhancing  and sustaining human capital development, securing the state against all criminalities, amazing investments into the promotion of agriculture, launching rewarding economic expansion windows  and a dutiful commitment to the  welfare of public servants. TheNigerian News also stated that Gen. Buratai has dutifully etched on global psyche, the fact that the Nigeria Army has become a nemesis to Boko Haram and demonstrating a dogged determination to secure and  fortify the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Nigeria. It said, “The special recognition is spurred by his extraordinary dedication, sacrifices to the peace, unity and stability of Nigeria, innovations and technological advancement of the Nigerian Army on  the war against terrorism and protection of children and women from crimes against humanity induced by insurgency. The book launch and award ceremony are billed to hold on the 30th of December, 2019 at the NAF Event Centre, Abuja by 10:00 am and will be broadcast live on national television. Other public officials who have distinguished themselves in the course of rendering service would also be honoured. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!