For effective implementation of all health-related projects in Bauchi State, the World Bank has renewed its support to Bauchi State Government so that the citizens will access quality health care services. This was disclosed by the Team Leader for the Joint World Bank Support Mission from the Federal Ministry of Health on the implementation of the Nigeria State Health Investment Project, Fatima Mustapha when she led members of the team on an advocacy visit to Governor Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed. Fatima Mustapha said that the move followed the successes recorded in the ongoing implementation of the Nigeria State Health Investment Project in the state expressing satisfaction that the implementation of the project has improved healthcare delivery in addition to other achievements recorded in the health sector. ALSO READ: Holistic federalism system of government as way forward Bauchi plans to reduce the menace of out-of-school-children Tinubu should succeed Buhari ― Group agitates Polio immunization: Agency targets over 1m children in… ICPC retrieves N13bn from MDAs, receives 7,000 petitions The Team Leader who said that the project is to be ended in June 2020, noted that the World Bank has invested a huge amount of money in the health sector in order to overcome some of the challenges facing the sector in Nigeria. While responding, the Governor, Bala Mohammed expressed gratitude to the World Bank for coming up with an initiative and requested for the extension of the project. He said that to complement the efforts World Bank at ensuring effective healthcare delivery, in next year, the state government will embark renovate 50 per cent of Primary Healthcare Centers across the state. Bala Mohammed while describing their visit as a morale booster, said the prompt payment of the outstanding counterpart funding was in appreciation for the services rendered to the state by the global bodies. Earlier, the State Commissioner for Health, Auwal Jatau informed the Governor that the team was in the state as part of the routine assessment on NSHIP project in the selected local government areas of the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!