THE Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (FCCPC) has described the decision of  merchants, in Nigeria,  to pass on the  N50 Stamp Duty POS  Charge to the consumers as counterproductive and of heavy burden to the consumers. The Commission’s Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Babatunde Irukera, argued that it was wrong for the merchants to make consumers bear such cost; since  businesses, by their very nature, had already captured the operating cost price of their goods and services. Irukera added that to impose an additional fee, exclusive of price, based on the selected mode of payment essentially amounts to a penalty for the adopted mode of payment, for the consumer. The FCCPC’s boss also expressed his concerns that the policy might achieve the exact opposite of what the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) cashless policy was designed to achieve. “For many reasons, including and particularly the CBN’s effort to promote a cashless economy, the merchants’ response of imposing this assessment on consumers, was not only inconsistent with the underlying policy, but also counterproductive and burdensome on consumers. Buhari has taken Nigeria close to Next Level target ― Lai… Wike signs Rivers 2020 budget Trump, Putin discuss Russia attack, arms control, relations Seven killed in Edo communal clash “This imposed fee is supposedly a pass through for onward transmission as a government mandated surcharge,” he stated. He expressed the agency’s position that an assessment imposed on merchants, should, necessarily, be a component of their cost of doing business, and could  only be directly passed on to consumer in limited circumstances. Irukera therefore commended the apex bank’s recent clarification of the above subject, through its Circular Ref. PSM/Dir/CON/02/015 that the directive  was not meant to  pass such fees to consumers. “The Commission welcomes the CBN’s definitive statement on December 23rd, 2019, clarifying its September 17, 2019 directive by Circular Ref. PSM/Dir/CON/02/015 that the directive did not intend to pass such fees to consumers. “This makes it inappropriate and illegal for businesses to pass a stamp duty cost of doing their business to consumers,” he added. While urging consumers to report violations, with evidence, to the agency, the FCCPC boss expressed the readiness of the  Commission to collaborate with the apex bank  and other relevant regulators and law enforcement authorities,  to enforce the law to its fullest extent. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!