Oyo State government said it has no tolerance for quackery in medical practice even as it sealed off five private medical facilities for offences ranging from lack of proper approval and registration to quackery practice in the state. The facilities are made up of two hospitals, two clinics and maternity and one healthcare foundation, all in Ibadan. Apart from the sealed facilities, one clinic and maternity was warned to regularise its registration and documentation to avoid being sealed by the government. The affected private medical health facilities are Gbemisola Memorial Hospital, Boluwaji that had previously been sealed twice; GVM Homoeopathy and IVF Hospital, Adegbayi, Temitope Maternity and Child Welfare Clinic, Adegbayi; Oluwakeeyin Clinic and Maternity Centre, Adegbayi and Adeyinka Healthcare Foundation, Alakia. Head, Oyo State Task Force on Private Health Facilities, Dr Wale Falana, after the sealing on Tuesday said Oyo State has no tolerance for quackery and the reason the task force was moving around to ensure access to good and safe healthcare services. PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens Falana, director, Secondary Health Care and Training, Oyo State Ministry of Health, declared that people have the choice of patronising good private health facilities or government hospitals since there has been a great improvement in them. He declared that the state‘s Ministry of Health will launch a logo to help individuals recognise government-approved hospitals, clinic and maternity centres and medical laboratories to patronise for quality services. According to him, “One of the cardinal programmes of Oyo State government is health. The task force has been directed to ensure that people have access to good and safe health and not be handled by quacks. “Government has no tolerance for quackery in Oyo State that is why we are going out to monitor private health facilities. The governor has made health its priority and so the first requirement of staff in the state is in the health sector. “Government alone cannot do it, so individuals also have the option of patronising good private health facilities. We employ them not to patronise quacks.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!