THE Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has appealed for calm on the loss of a one-year-old child in a church in Akure, with the attendant crisis that occurred on Wednesday. The governor, in a statement on Thursday by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Segun Ajiboye, said: “The loss of the child in a church, no doubt, remains heart-aching and represents a sad commentary. However, it is pertinent to state that the enormity of the incident could not have permitted a hasty rush to make public statements, especially when investigations had already commenced and daily briefs by the commissioner of police were received by the governor.” ALSO READ: Events planning pitfalls and how to overcome them Akeredolu calls for divine support to boost developmental… Akeredolu urges corps members to be security conscious Akeredolu lauds state religious leaders for support, prayers Judges at risk of being arrested during court session ―… The statement said the governor was being briefed in respect of the incident by other relevant security agencies, including the Department of Security Services (DSS) “until the unfortunate action of yesterday (Wednesday), which culminated in needless deaths and destruction of property. “An incident as troubling as the loss of a child requires a thorough investigation with the cooperation of all and sundry. It touches all, including the government. “Therefore, it will be preposterous for people to take laws into their hands and jeopardize a deep probe that could unravel the mystery.” The governor then enjoined the general public, especially those directly or indirectly affected, to be calm and cooperate with security agencies as they have heightened efforts to get to the root of the matter. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!