THE father of the Leader of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), His Royal Majesty, Eze Sir Israel Okwu Kanu is dead. While confirming the news of the demise of the traditional ruler, the Governor of Abia State, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, on Friday, described his death as a rude shock. The condolence message sent to the bereaved family through the state Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu reads in parts: “It was with rude shock that we learnt of the passing on of one of our great royal fathers, HRM Eze Sir I.O. Kanu, the Egwu Ukwu II of Afaraukwu Ibeku, at the age of 86 years. “His unwavering love and sterling contributions to the development of his community in particular, and Abia State in general, are well documented. No doubt, HRM left a lasting legacy and an indelible impression on the minds of Ndigbo everywhere in the world. “Death is not the end of man but a necessary passage to a better place in eternity where there is no strife, sorrow or pain. Indeed, Papa has only gone to that better place, and in his usual manner while on earth here, he is praying for all of us from above, especially for the peace, unity and progress of not just his community but also of our State and Alaigbo. “This should be our consolation so that his beloved family and community he left behind do not continue to weep since we all know that he is resting peacefully now. Sowore: DSS’ attack, rape on court sanctity ― Atiku FRSC boss laments underhand dealings in licensing offices BREAKING: Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi,… AAUA alumni inaugurates education trust fund for indigent… ALSO READ: FRSC boss laments underhand dealings in licensing offices “As a government, we assure the family of late Eze Sir I.O. Kanu and Afaraukwu community of our continued support in all ways we can to help ameliorate the pains of his departure. “Lastly, we pray that God in His infinite mercies grant the soul of our late Eze eternal rest. Amen! While in a reaction, the Media/Publicity Secretary of IPOB, Emma Powerful, said, “We the global family of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu wish to console the family our leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, the entire Kanu family and the community of Afaraukwu over the passing of their father, uncle, brother and traditional ruler, His Royal Majesty Eze Sir Israel Okwu Kanu the Egwu Ukwu II of Afaraukwu who joined his ancestors as a result of health complications arising from the trauma of the invasion of his palace by Nigerian soldiers on September 14, 2017 and most recently over the shock of the sudden death of his wife Ugoeze Sally Nmeme Okwu Kanu. His words: “We are left in no doubt the military attack on Isiama Afaraukwu and the Kanu family by the armed forces of the Federal Government of Nigeria is the principal cause of death of our leader’s parents. “We confidently state, without fear of contradiction, that our leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu have also sacrificed his parents in pursuit of freedom for the people of Biafra. There is no greater act of devotion to a noble cause than this. “Rather than weaken or diminish our resolve to restore Biafra, the passing of our leader’s parents will infuse us with a greater sense of determination because only by accomplishing the liberation of Biafra will we truly mourn them. “We are asking Almighty God Chukwu Okike Abiama to grant the family, friends, lovers of freedom, Afaraukwu Eze-in-Council and entire community the fortitude to bear the great loss and vacuum the passing of His Majesty has created in our midst. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!