Ahead of the Saturday’s local government election in Ekiti, the Onigede of Igede-Ekiti , Oba James Aladesuru has warned political parties against any form of violence before, during and after the poll. The monarch gave the warning while receiving the campaign train of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in his palace at Igede-Ekiti, headquarters of Irepodun/Ifelodun local government area of the state. The campaign train led by the deputy speaker of the state House of Assembly, Honourable Hakeem Jamiu and the party’s chairmanship candidate visited Ensure, Eyio, Iropora, Awo, Igede, Iyin and Odo-Oro areas of the local government. Oba Aladesuru said, ” As we are preparing for the election on Saturday, I want to warn our people to shun all forms of violence during the poll. We don’t want any form of blood because elections recently regardless of the magnitude have witnessed series of violence. ” You, political actors must allow people to vote in an atmosphere of peace and I pray God will see you through.” We won’t rig Saturday’s LG poll ― Fayemi Flooding: Ekiti to dredge waterways with N334 million Seven Ekiti LG chairmen dump PDP for APC Mechanic defrauds client of N235,000 in Ekiti ALSO READ: Gombe governor to create agency for welfare of persons with disabilities The Chairmanship candidate, Mr Shina Ogunleye promised that his administration, when elected, would create a conducive atmosphere for businesses to thrive and take governance closer to the citizens at the grassroots. Ogunleye who centred his agenda on Agriculture, Education, Health and human capital development also pointed out that his administration would establish good working relationship with all artisans in the local government to identify their needs. On his part, the deputy speaker solicited votes of the electorates in the Saturday’s poll for the APC chairmanship and councillorship candidates noting that the Fayemi’s administration has opened a window of opportunities for all residents of the State. Jamiu revealed that the proposed airport project, when completed, would boost the socio-economic life of the people, especially artisans and traders in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!