Gombe State Government has declared that it is the results of the Mock examination conducted for final year students which will soon be released that will determine who will get support from the government in the area of payment for West African Examinations Council (WAEC) fees as it is only those who passed that government will pay for. The declaration was made by the Gombe State Commissioner of Education, Dr Habu Dahiru, who also expressed his willingness to give priority to Science and Technical Education in schools across the state in order to build up future scientists and technicians. Habu Dahiru disclosed this in an interview with newsmen in Gombe on Thursday emphasizing that Science and Technology is an essential tool for rapid manpower development in any society. ALSO READ: BREAKING: DSS allegedly rearrests Sowore, less than 24-hour after his release Gombe gov mourns Sarkin Malaman Gombe Female lawyers protest non-confirmation of Justice Beatrice… Gombe SSG expresses regret at level of neglect at skills… Gombe gets new Acting Chief Judge According to him, countries were classified as developed and developing economies based on the application of Science and Technology in relation to the developmental indices. “The role that science and technology have played in improving the lives and condition of people cannot be overemphasized. I am a Physician and a product of science, I will do everything within my capacity to encourage science and Technology in Gombe schools,” he said. The Commissioner also said that he is going to collaborate with communities across the state in order to enhance the development of education in the state. He said that the Ministry will liaise with Nigerian legion to deploy ex-servicemen to schools to restore discipline among students in line with the priority the APC government in the state has placed on education. The Commissioner then stressed that the government will do everything humanly possible to ensure that the state got back its rightful place in the education sector through the provision of quality education at all levels. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!