A former Secretary to Oyo State Government, Akogun Sarafadeen Alli, and a former Commissioner for Environment, Chief Lowo Obisesan, were among the nine newly promoted Chiefs by Olubadan of Ibadan, Oba Saliu Adetunji. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Alli, Obisesan and seven others were promoted during a traditional event held at the Popoyemoja palace of the monarch. NAN reports that Alli, formerly Asaju Balogun is now an Ekefa Balogun of Ibadanland, while Obisesan, formerly Gbonka Balogun is now Aare Ago Balogun of Ibadanland. Among those elevated are Chief Owoade Jibowu from Aare Alasa Balogun to Abese Balogun of Ibadanland, Chief Akeem Adewoyin from Ikolaba Balogun to Maye Balogun of Ibadanland and Chief Samuel Adeniran from Ayingun Balogun to Agbaakin Balogun of Ibadanland. Also elevated are Chief Adebayo Oyekan from Aare Ago Balogun to Aare Alasa Balogun of Ibadanland and Chief Raufu Eleruwere from Lagunna Balogun to Ikolaba Balogun of Ibadanland. Others are Chief Emiola Onideure from Oota Balogun to Asaju Balogun and Chief Busari Adebisi from Aregbeomo Balogun to Ayingun Balogun. ALSO READ: Ooni appoints Olota as coordinator of Ogunfunminire rebirth Dozens killed in Mogadishu car bomb attack General Assembly approves UN’s $3.07bn budget for 2020 Ooni appoints Olota as coordinator of Ogunfunminire rebirth China to rewrite Bible, Quran to reflect socialist values of… Oba Adetunji commended the newly elevated chiefs for their contributions to Ibadanland, urging them not to relent in supporting developmental projects in the domain. In his remarks, Alli commended the Olubadan of Ibadan land and the Osi Olubadan of Ibadan land, High Chief Rasidi Ladoja for their support to him on the Olubadan linage. “I will continue to support the development of Ibadan land and the Oyo State in general,” he said. Obisesan on his part said that the new chieftaincy was a charge for him to do more for the people of Ibadanland and the state as a whole. He commended the Olubadan for maintaining peace among the Olubadan chieftaincy stool. “Our father, my father, the Olubadan of Ibadan land has proved that despite intimidation, it is possible to maintain integrity. “With this new task, I want to assure him that we shall continue to support the development of Ibadan land and the state, ” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!