The President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chief John Nnia Nwodo, has condemned the alleged Monday police attack and burning down of the residence of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) lawyer, Ifeanyi Ejiofor. To this end, the apex Igbo cultural organization has called for a judicial inquiry into the alleged case of an unprovoked attack on a law-abiding citizen of the country whose only crime is that he peacefully objects to the maltreatment of his people. Chief Nwodo said, “Ohanaeze Ndigbo observed that the spurious claim by the police that Barrister Ejiofor was involved in a case of abduction, assault occasioning harm and malicious damage to property holds no water as nobody was mentioned as the victim of the allegations.” ALSO READ: President Buhari, First Lady Aisha, 30 years after and family to match Ohanaeze calls for thorough investigation into Enugu… According to him, “assuming without conceding that Barrister Ejiofor was culpable on a charge of abduction, the only option in law available to the police is arrest and prosecution under the laws of Nigeria and not deliberate arson and wanton destruction of his family home.” The Igbo leader further stated that even before it’s wrongful proscribing, IPOB had never been a violent group and could not have summoned enough force to attack and kill any policemen to warrant drafting in a reinforcement. The pan-Igbo group frowned at the situation where any mild expression of dissent against the manifest injustice being perpetrated against a particular ethnic group in the country will be met with maximum force by the Federal Government. “We call for a halt to the apparent and incessant physical, economic and political harassment of Ndigbo in a country watered with their blood and who have striven to keep and grow the country with their presence in all nooks and crannies of Nigeria,” he concludes. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!