PROFESSOR Muslih Yahya has assumed office as the Executive Secretary of the Muslim Ummah of South West Nigeria (MUSWEN). He succeeds the pioneer and immediate past holder of the office, Professor Dawud Noibi, whose retirement commenced on November 17, 2019. Professor Yahya assumed office on Monday following the ratification of his nomination by the General Assembly of MUSWEN on the same date of the commencement of Professor Noibi’s end of tenure. According to a statement by the media consultant of the organisation, Dr Femi Abbas, the coincidence of the exit date of the former Executive Secretary and the effectiveness of the appointment date of his successor was to avoid any vacuum in that office and to ease continuity in advancing the administration of the office. The statement said that before accepting the appointment, Professor Yahya had served for decades as a lecturer in Arabic and Islamic Studies Department of the University of Jos where he rose to become a professor. The statement reads in part: “He also served the university as a sub-dean of the Faculty of Arts and later as Director of Academic Planning and Management. PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens “Professor Yahya is internationally renowned for his academic brilliance and equanimity in conduct. “Since his assumption of office, Professor Yahya has curried the satisfaction of the Ummah by displaying the appropriate competence befitting to that lofty office. “His first public official outing as MUSWEN’s Executive Secretary was at the General Assembly of Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) in Abuja where he was duly recognised and accorded a status befitting to MUSWEN. “Shortly thereafter, he gave a landmark keynote address as Executive Secretary at a well-attended international conference jointly organised by MUSWEN and NUSRET Educational and Cultural Company Limited and the Hira Magazine of Turkey on the biography of Prophet Muhammad at the University of Ibadan to the delight of all and sundry that were present. “A multi-lingual personality of note, Professor M. T. Yahya is well-travelled across nations and continents gathering the experience that is now apt for the new post he just assumed. “MUSWEN was inaugurated in August 2008 as the umbrella body for all Muslim groups and organisations in the South West the like of which was never in existence before it in the region. “All State Muslim communities, groups and organisations as well as individuals in the South West are cordially requested to cooperate sincerely with the new Executive Secretary of MUSWEN for a smooth running of the office as well as for strengthening the unity of the Muslim Ummah in the region. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!