The Integrated Data Services Limited (IDSL), a subsidiary of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), can now operate independently without any subvention from the parent company NNPC, according to the chairman of the company and Chief Operating Officer (COO), Upstream Directorate of the NNPC, Mr Roland Ewubare. Speaking at the company’s 23rd Annual General Meeting in Abuja on Tuesday, Ewubare also stated that IDSL recorded a significant increase in its revenue base from N5.5billion in 2016, N7.6billion in 2017 to N19.033billion in 2018. According to a press release by NNPC Acting Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Mr Samson Makoji, on Wednesday, Ewubare said: “If anything, IDSL now contributes to the centre, we will continue to give them the needed support to ensure that they sustain this growth trajectory.” ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/dangote-refinery-takes-delivery-of-world-largest-cdc-equipment/ Senate condemns security contract with Israeli firm for… NNPC targets production of three million barrels per day ―… FID for NLNG train seven to be taken next month ― NNPC boss Senate moves to ascertain crude oil production quantity On his part, NNPC’s Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Mr Umar Ajiya, commended the company’s management on the performance streak, saying, “the only way we can grow is when businesses like this deliver positive results, to enable us collectively overcome our financial challenges’.’ He affirmed that NNPC management would give all necessary support to all its subsidiaries with capacity and prospect to deliver, including recapitalization where necessary and help them to secure businesses across the Industry value change to ensure that they grow their output. Managing Director of the Company, Engineer Diepriye Tariah, attributed the impressive performance of the company to the reorientation of the staff who, he said, had become more commercially focused and efficient. Integrated Data Services Limited, IDSL is one of the Upstream subsidiaries of the NNPC. Established in 1988, the company focuses on seismic data acquisition, processing and reservoir engineering. It also undertakes data storage and management services. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!