General Overseer of Abundant Life Evangel Mission International, Apostle Eugene Ogu, has decried the inaction of the Federal Government towards addressing the increasing pollution in Rivers State saying the government has the capacity to stop the pollution. His call came on the heels of an increased warning by medical and environmental experts that Rivers State and some parts of the Niger Delta are increasingly becoming a high-risk area to live in due to heavy pollution of the environment. Ogu spoke yesterday during the thanksgiving service of the Correspondents’ Chapel of the National Union of Journalists (NUJ), to mark the end of the 2019 Press Week at the headquarters of Abundant Life Evangel Mission International, Port Harcourt. He commended members of the Correspondents’ Chapel for their commitment to fighting against environmental injustices in the Niger Delta region. The cleric said: “There is lack of commitment to the problem facing the masses of this country. Government has the capacity to stop the soot in just one day. ALSO READ: HIV/AIDS: KWASACA screens Ilorin market women APC shielding Kogi election violence perpetrators ― PDP Edo Correspondents’ chapel congratulates new UNIBEN VC TB Joshua charges Bayelsa gov-elect to prioritise welfare of… Bayelsa community protest as Shell allegedly slashes Trans… “The government has the capacity to use any of its agencies that are involved in fighting the menace of soot in Rivers State. If it is the Police that is involved, government can stop it. If it is the Army, government can stop it and if it is the Navy, government can stop it.” He called on the media, especially members of the Correspondents’ Chapel of the NUJ to be committed to the reportage of the menace of soot and other environmental challenges facing the state and the Niger Delta region. Ogu said: “Your profession does wonders around the world. Great Press cannot be compromised; great press does investigative journalism. Great press are not influenced by bribe, by money or any kind of influence to say what is right. “The press needs to give 24 hours commitment to this menace called soot. The press should not just talk or write about it, follow the Ministry of Health until we know what they are doing about it,” he charged. Earlier in his remarks, Chairman of the Correspondents’ Chapel of the NUJ in Rivers State, Sir Ernest Chinwo, said the group came to thank God for his guidance and protection all through the year, especially during the 2019 general elections in Rivers State and the 16th of November, 2019 governorship election in Bayelsa State. Chinwo said the 2019 Press Week was devoted to raising awareness and getting stakeholders to action on issues of the environment as it affects Rivers State as well as the ongoing clean-up of Ogoniland. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!