Following Monday morning clashes between the Nigeria Police Force and the members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), in Oraifite community in Ekwesigo local government area of Anambra state, the state police command has confirmed the killing of its two officers by IPOB members. The Command PPRO, SP Haruna Mohammed who confirmed the killing in a statement in Awka, stated that: ”on the 2/12/2019 at about 11:30 am, there was a formal  complaint against One Barrister Ifeanyi Ejiofor ‘m’ (a member of the proscribed IPOB) in Oraifite on alleged case of abduction, assault occasioning harm and malicious damage to property. “Following the report, Police Patrol teams led by the Area Commander, Oraifite ACP Oliver Abbey mobilised and rushed to the scene in order to arrest the suspect who declined Police invitation.” ALSO READ: Ganduje transmits fresh bill seeking establishment of four new emirates to Kano Assembly Police kill suspected armed robber in Delta Ohaneze lauds Obiano on relationship with South-East… Police recover body of murdered tricycle rider in Anambra,… Anambra govt inaugurates e-registration for foreigners However, he said as soon as Police arrived at the house, armed men suspected to be IPOB members descended on the Police, set ablaze one Patrol vehicle and attacked them with rifles and machetes. ”As a result of the attack, two Police officers whose identities are being withheld were killed by the suspected IPOB members while others were inflicted with machete cuts. The injured personnel were rushed to the hospital for medical attention and are presently receiving treatment. “Consequently, the Command deployed reinforcements from the State Headquarters comprising of PMF, SARS and Special Anti Cult Units in conjunction with the Army/other Sister agencies who cordoned off the area in order to fish out the culprits, while joint patrol is still ongoing in the town to prevent further breakdown of law and order. “Meanwhile, some arrests were made and the Commissioner of Police CP John B.Abang, who is on his way to the scene has vowed to bring perpetrators of this dastardly act to justice. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!