A 2018 Nigeria Demographic and Health Survey (NDHS) report has ranked Ebonyi and Anambra as states with the highest cases of spousal violence in Nigeria. While Ebonyi recorded 54 per cent, Anambra has 53 per cent according to the report presented at the weekend by the National Population Commission in close collaboration with the National Malaria Elimination Programme (NMEP), under the Federal Ministry of Health. The presentation occurred during the Anambra State Dissemination and Official launch of the 2018 NDHS, in Awka, the capital. In Anambra, the report shows that 53 per cent of the married women in the state are undergoing one form of spousal violence or the others from their husbands The report also indicated that 96 per cent of Anambra married women are allowed to decide what happen in their homes and families. Arrest perpetrators of Oraifite killings, Anambra Assembly… Foundation awards scholarship to 23-year-old orphan in… I’ll tackle infrastructure deficit ―  Ebonyi lawmaker FG set to diversify Nigerian economy with Ebonyi salt,… Also, the report indicated that two per cent of men and two per cent of women ages 15 and above have difficulties or cannot function in at least one domain of disability such as seeing, hearing, communicating, remembering and concentrating. ALSO READ: Perpetrators of assault on NPA’s MD must be investigated ―  Group It further stated that about nine per cent of women and 10 per cent of men have some difficulties in at least one domain. According to the report, about 20 per cent of children have sickle cell trait and that overall sickle cell disease in Nigeria in children between the ages of six to 65 months was at 1.3 prevalence. Presenting the report, the chairman of NPC Bimbola Salu-Hundeyin represented by the Federal Commissioner in charge of Anambra State in NPC Mr Chidi Ezeoke said the survey was designed to provide data for monitoring of population and health situation in the country. He commended President Muhammadu Buhari and the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha for the constant supportive role and for graciously granting the National Population Commission the opportunity to contribute its quota to national development through the generation and dissemination of credible data for national planning. The state governor, Chief Willie Obiano, who was represented by the State Head of Service, Barrister Harry Uduh urged couples to learn from the NDHS report and tolerate each other for the sake of their children future. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!