Twenty-three-year-old man, Adeeko Owolabi, and his accomplice, a self-acclaimed pastor, Segun Philips, are now in the police net, over the alleged killing of a final year student of Lagos State University (LASU), Favour Daley-Oladele, for money-making ritual. The duo was arrested by detectives attached to Mowe Police Station, following a complaint of a missing person to the police, by the parents of the deceased. Phillips, a 42-year-old self-acclaimed pastor of a white garment church, was reported to have confessed to the crime, as contained in a release by the Ogun State Police Command Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, on Sunday. Oyeyemi said the victim was lured by his boyfriend to Ikoyi-Ile where the unfortunate incident happened. The deceased until her untimely death was a final year sociology student of the Lagos State University (LASU). She was reported missing on December 8 having left for an unknown destination. Upon the complaint, the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in Mowe, SP Marcus Jaiyeola, was said to detailed his crack detectives to unravel the mystery behind the sudden disappearance of the girl. Crown Poly students allegedly gang-rape colleagues in Ekiti Aduke’s Peace and Light to hit airwaves February Oil discovery: Bauchi makes special case on infrastructure… Gov Bello vows to tackle insecurity in Niger ALSO READ: Crown Poly students allegedly gang-rape colleagues in Ekiti The statement said: “The detectives went into full scale technical and forensic investigation of the case and their efforts paid off when the movement of the deceased was traced to a white garment church in far away Ikoyi-Ile in Osun State, being pastored by one Segun Philip. “On getting to the church, the self-acclaimed pastor was promptly arrested but he was quick to inform the detectives that the girl was brought to him by his boyfriend, Adeeko Owolabi, who was still within the vicinity of the church. The said boyfriend was traced and apprehended immediately. “On interrogation, Adeeko Owolabi confessed to the police that the deceased was his girlfriend and that he lured her to Ikoyi-Ile, where he had perfected plans with the so-called ‘Pastor’ Segun Philip, to use her for money ritual. “He stated further that while the girl was sleeping, the pastor gave him a pestle with which he used to smash the head of the girl and the pastor quickly used a knife to cut off her neck, rip open her chest and remove her heart which he used in preparing a concoction for him and his mother to eat. “Owolabi explained that he decided to go into money ritual because things are not going well with his parents economically, most especially his mother, who used to be the breadwinner of the family; and when he sought for assistance from the pastor, he was asked to bring a human being for that purpose and the available person at that time was his girlfriend.” The Commissioner of Police, CP Kenneth Ebrimson, has ordered the immediate transfer of the suspects to Homicide Section of the State criminal investigation and intelligence department for proper investigation. The CP who described the gruesome murder of the deceased as a superlative degree of wickedness vowed to ensure that all the suspects face the full wrath of the law. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!