Yoruba socio-cultural group, Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC) New Era, at the weekend, issued a 21-day ultimatum to the Nigeria Police and other security agencies in the country to fish out the killers of Mrs. Funke Olakunrin, daughter of Afenifere leader, Pa Reuben Fasoranti. The group, in a statement issued in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, by its National Public Relations Officer, Comrade Adeshina Akinpelu, said failure to find the killers after the ultimatum, its members would embark on an operation to drive out all criminally-minded Fulani herdsmen, their accomplices among Yoruba and other tribes who are perpetrating crimes in all Yoruba-speaking states. It will be recalled that Mrs. Olakunrin was killed on Ore-Sagamu road while coming from a visit to her father in Akure, the Ondo State capital. “Time has come for us to act now. We will no longer fold our hands and allow herdsmen to continue to kill us like cows. We cannot continue to use the blood of our people to keep Nigeria’s unity. We are giving the police and other security agencies 21 days to fish out the killers of Mrs. Funke Olakunrin. “Failure to fish out the killers, we will have no option than to take the destiny of our people in our hands and drive out all criminally-minded Fulani herdsmen, their accomplices among the Yoruba and other tribes perpetrating crimes in Yoruba land,” Akinpelu said. Lone accident kills three on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway Olubadan elevates ex-SSG Alli, Obisesan, seven others Dozens killed in Mogadishu car bomb attack General Assembly approves UN’s $3.07bn budget for 2020 The group, while accusing the Fulani oligarchy of trying to re-capture Yorubaland, after failing in previous attempts in the past, stated that it would resist any attempt to cajole and silence Yoruba leaders for voicing their opinion on insecurity in the country. “We are aware that this is part of the grand conspiracy of the Fulani oligarchy to re-capture Yorubaland, after failing in previous attempts in the past. These Fulani were responsible for the fall of first and second Oyo Empires through cunning methods. Their third attempt which was real war was met with stiff resistance from the Yoruba people who drove them back after they reached Osogbo. “The killing of Mrs. Olakunrin is a part of a grand conspiracy of the Fulani oligarchy to silence some of our leaders from speaking the truth and making critical appraisal of President Muhammadu Buhari’s government,” he said. On Miyetti Allah’s call for the arrest of former President Olusegun Obasanjo over his open letter to the president, OPC New Era warned the group to stop playing to the gallery and looking for scapegoat for their atrocities, noting that Obasanjo is not only a leader in Nigeria, but also an international figure that deserves the respect of all, irrespective of tribe. Akinpelu, however, stated further that the OPC New Era was not in any way surprised by the Miyetti Allah’s call for the arrest of Obasanjo, disclosing that they had a great supporter in President Buhari. The group then called on governors, elected political office holders and Yoruba leaders to come together and tackle the issue of insecurity in Yorubaland, stating that OPC and over 100 other groups were more than ready to do their part to achieve the needed peace in the South-West region. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!