Governor Bello Mohammed of Zamfara state has said the newly appointed members of the state executive council was given three-month probation in order to assess their output. He made this known during the inauguration of 19 commissioners and 28 special advisers as well as permanent secretaries in Gusau on Thursday. Matawalle said the new appointees were selected in recognition of the long years of experience through the various public and private positions they held without recourse to their political affiliations in fulfilment of his promise for an all-inclusive government. He said they are, therefore, collectively ambassadors of this administration who are expected to educate the public about the mission as well as putting hands together to ensure the success of the administration. According to him, the new cabinet members will be on a three months probation during which they are expected to ensure maximum output in their performances as there will be a quarterly review of their performances to measure their capability and efficiency. He said any form of laxity will not be entertained and expressed the hope that they will live above board in order to move the state forward. Shinkafi alleges plan to destabilize Zamfara Zamfara govt to stop children hawking during school hours NGO mobilises lawmakers from Kaduna, Zamfara on social… 8,692 youths to get N10,000 monthly from Zamfara social… ALSO READ: Illegal pension: I’m determined to comply with court order ― Malami The governor also charged members of the general public to allow the new government functionaries to operate and render their contributions to the development of the state and not to distract them from their official responsibilities through unofficial visits and unnecessary demand noting that the state government is putting in place measures to guard against loitering within the premises of government offices. The Secretary to the State Government and the Head of Service are to ensure that government offices are adequately secured for public officials to discharge their functions as expected without any form of molestation or harassment. To the new head of service, the governor said he has the more significant challenge of providing guidance to the entire civil service for higher productivity and efficiency as he is widely known for his vast experience, hard work, and integrity. He said he expects him to deploy these good qualities to bear on the challenging responsibility as the Head of Civil Service, calling on him to device all mechanisms to ensure that our civil servants attain high levels of productivity and quality in service delivery. As for the newly appointed Permanent Secretary, Matawalle urged him to bear in his mind that his appointment is based on the recognition of his hard work and therefore, expects him to work even harder to justify the confidence reposed in him. Matawalle charged the state civil servants as well as the people of the state to continue to support the new appointees with prayers, advises and cooperation for the success of the administration and for more dividends of democracy to come to the state and for the administration to continue to secure people’s lives and properties. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!