Wife of Taraba State Governor, Anna Ishaku, has restated her commitment to ensuring that women are fully empowered to become self-reliant through. This she said when her non-governmental organisation, Hope Afresh Foundation Taraba toured some parts of the state. Ishaku made the pronouncement during the flag-off of 16 days of activism against gender-based violence against women held at Shawuya Primary School, one of the IDP camps in Jalingo, the state capital. The northern governors’ wives set aside Saturday, 30th of November to kickstart the campaign in compliance with the United Nations (UN)’s call for global actions to eliminate violence against women and girls. Addressing the gathering, Ishaku said the Hope Afresh Foundation Taraba selected five persons from each of the nine IDP camps in Jalingo and engaged nine trainers who trained the beneficiaries on various skills as part of the campaign in Taraba. According to her, they have decided to bring together all the nine IDPs camps in one centre to kick off the campaign because of her passion for the less privileged, considering the fact that there are many in the camps that have experienced such abuses. ALSO READ: LASTMA killings: Lagos will not condone lawbreakers ― Sanwo-Olu The wife of the governor also explained over the years, the Hope Afresh Foundation Taraba has been visiting and donated foodstuffs, cloths, uniforms and books to the children as well as ensuring that they are accommodated in schools in the environment they are staying as pupils and students. She added that beside the above-mentioned gesture, boreholes were also drilled at various IDP camps by the foundation in the state. “Since inception, my office has been in the forefront of sensitising and advocating for a prosperous society to change the negative attitude on violence against women such as rape, sexual harassment and to focus on dignity, labour and hard work, so our vision is to make life easy for women in their homes,” Ishaku added. Ishaku, however, appreciated her partners and stressed the need for other stakeholders to join hand with Hope Afresh Foundation Taraba in the fight against all sorts of violence against women in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!