A woman, Lateefat Orija has dragged her husband, Taofeek Orija, before Oja Oba/ Mapo Court Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State seeking for advice. Lateefat in her divorce suit alleged that her husband was troublesome and neglected her and their children. She added that he was always beating her. The plaintiff thus prayed the court to separate them and grant her custody of their three children. She further pleaded with the court to restrain him from harassing her at her place of residence and work. Taofeek did not agree to divorce giving the welfare of their children as his reason. “My lord, I fare better without my husband. My marriage to him has failed, I, therefore, don’t see any point staying glued to him. “My lord, I pray that you separate us and restrain him from harassing me. “He was already married when we met. He impregnated me but denied responsibility of the pregnancy. “I rented an apartment and was living there till our parents mediated in our issue. He moved in with me and was with me till I had our baby. “My lord, he changed immediately the baby came. He failed to take up responsibility of her feeding and clothing and was not bothered about her health care. “He took to beating me any time I demanded that he lived up to expectation. He reduced his visit to my place to once in a month and later abandoned me and our child. Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens Digital movie platforms should opens to growing… Burna Boy, Naira Marley, Flavour, David Tlale, others… “My lord, Taofeek as at today has four wives. Each wife bore him a child each and left him. “He was in the habit of bringing his women to my house to ridicule me. He would introduce them to me as his new wife and make jest of me. I warned him against this but he refused to desist from doing so. “The last time he came, he insisted on taking along with him my bed and I refused. He vowed to come back for it. I went ahead to sell the bed and kept half of the proceeds with me. I offered him the other half when he came back but he refused to take it and beat me to a pulp. “I got him arrested by the police and he was locked up in the cell. I was advised at the police station to come to court,” Lateefat said. “My lord, I should be the one dragging Lateefat to court, but I’m not ready to divorce her now, “Taofeek told the court. “I want her to stay and take care of our children. She can leave if she chooses to when they are mature.  “My lord, I wouldn’t have ended up in this mess if I had listened to my parents’ advice not to marry her. She proved not to be a sincere person from the outset of our relationship. “Lateefat refused that I meet with her parents while we were courting. She took me to her family only after I threatened to call our relationship quits. I got to her home and discovered that her mother was down with stroke. I decided that  she moved in with us after we got married. She was with us until she died. “I was the one who rented the apartment she’s presently staying in while I slept there four times in a week.  She threw out my clothes and other belongings when we had a misunderstanding. “She lied that I beat her.  I have never lifted my hands to hit her. She’s the one who is in the habit of fighting and cursing me. “She dragged me to court because we fought over her misbehaviour. I came across a discussion she had with her lover which she mistakenly recorded on the phone I bought for her. “She of recently aborted a pregnancy belonging to another man. “My lord, I should be the one dragging her to court. Her parents were surprised she came to court and told her they were not in support of her decision, “he concluded.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!