AN aircraft belonging to Air Peace airline suffered a security breach on Friday after a man attempted to gain access to the plane through its wheel well at the Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos. The Owerri-bound aircraft with flight number P47252 was said to be taxiing towards the threshold for takeoff when the man in his 20s emerged from the bush along the runway and tried to gain access to the aircraft through the wheel well. A statement by the spokesperson of the airline, Mr Stanley Olisa, explained that the incident happened at exactly at 9.10 a.m. “There was a private jet behind the Air Peace aircraft. The pilot in the command of the private jet informed the Air Peace pilot in command that a young man, obviously in his 20s, was trying to force his way into the aircraft. “At this point, the security wing of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) was alerted and the man, who was at once accosted and whisked away, was taken into the custody of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA),” the statement said. During his interrogation, the intruder reportedly claimed that he thought the aircraft was heading to overseas. The Accident Investigation Bureau was said to have commenced investigation into the incident. Police disperse Shi’ites members during procession in… Mother contradicts Spanish police after family members drown… Boss Mustapha urges Adamawa youths to embrace education,… Yemi Alade back with ‘Lai Lai’ While commending FAAN for its timely intervention, the airline management gave the assurance of its safety standard. A similar incident happened a few months ago when an intruder later discovered to be a citizen of the Republic of Niger beat security at the Lagos airport to not only gain access to the airport but climb the wing of an Azman aircraft which was taxiing off. Intrusions into the airport have been traced to its porosity. In its reaction, FAAN narrated how at about 0850hrs on 27 December 2019, a young man of about 25 years was sighted around the air field by FAAN Aviation Security (AVSEC) personnel manning the Charlie One (C1) link/holding area. “In a swift response, the AVSEC personnel on static guard duties at the area rushed to stop his further movement towards a taxiing Air Peace aircraft numbered APK 7252 and with registration number CS-TQU and a struggle ensued. All efforts to stop the intruder by the unarmed AVSEC personnel failed as the intruder continued to resist arrest. “While the struggle was ongoing, the AVSEC personnel called for reinforcement and alerted the pilot of CS-TQU of the intrusion, and to delay the aircraft to allow for a successful apprehension of the intruder. “The intruder was eventually apprehended by the AVSEC personnel with the support of the reinforcement and has been taken into custody for investigations. The aircraft was also advised to return to base for necessary safety/security inspections in line with standard procedure. Subsequently, the aircraft departed Lagos at 10.16 with 171 passengers and six crew members,” FAAN said. The Managing Director of FAAN, Mr Rabiu Yadudu, in company with the directors of aviation security services and airport operations, the regional general manager (SW) and the airport chief of security (MMA), inspected the scene of the incident and discussed with the captain of the aircraft who commended the action of the aviation security team. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!