Not fewer than One million children have been targeted for immunization against polio and other child killer diseases by the Bauchi State Primary Healthcare Development Agency (BSPHCDA) during the ongoing campaign exercise across the state. The disclosure was made by the Executive Chairman of the SPHCDA, Dr Rilanamu Mohammmed at a press briefing in Bauchi on Saturday to give an update on the exercise which is currently ongoing across the state. Rilwanu Mohammed said that the Agency is targeting about 1.2 million children under five with 533  personnel who have been engaged and trained to conduct the exercise across the 20 local government areas of the state explaining that the personnel were trained on vaccination of immunisation drops, overdose and good presentation to the parents of the targeted children. ALSO READ: Army conducts free medical outreach in 3 Enugu communities ICPC retrieves N13bn from MDAs, receives 7,000 petitions 1,616 civil servants sit for promotion exams in Bauchi UNICEF reiterates commitment to quality health care in… Bauchi first lady eats lunch with inmates, donates items According to him, the state has for 6 years now not witnessed any case of wild poliovirus (WPV) and the case of rejection was tackled. He added that the Agency received enough Oral Polio Vaccines (OPVs) and other logistics for the smooth conduct of the exercise, adding that the exercise, which commenced on Saturday, 7 December 2019 to end on Tuesday and currently going on in the 20 LGAs. Dr Rilwanu Mohammmed then solicited the support and cooperation of traditional and religious leaders, as well as other stakeholders for the conduct of the campaign just as he also charged parents to present their children for immunisation at designated centres in their respective communities to cooperate with immunisation officials for a hitch-free exercise. The Executive Chairman of the Agency also announced that the state will commence Meningitis and measles campaign as well as Maternal child health care week in the State and assured that the state government is ready to sustain the campaigns against the wide poliovirus, meningitis and measles in the State. Rilwanu Mohammed then commended Federal Government, UNICEF and World Health Organisation (WHO) for supporting the state in kicking out all the deadly child killer diseases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!