Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, has ended the 13-year-old relationship between a woman, Kehinde Ganiyu and Lukman Ganiyu. Kehinde who sought for divorce alleged that her husband was irresponsible and jealous. According to her, he hates to see her with any other man. She added that he was in the habit of beating her and would not leave her until she bled. The plaintiff thus pleaded with the court to declare their marriage nullified. Kehinde also implored the court to grant her custody of their three children so that she might give them adequate attention. Lukman gave his consent to divorce when the claims were read to him. According to him, he feels irritated by his wife’s promiscuous lifestyle. The defendant disagreed that she had custody of their children. Giving his judgment after he had heard both parties, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade said he observed that the love between the two had waned. Ruling, Odunade declared their wedlock terminated. The court president granted custody of the three children produced by the union to the plaintiff while the defendant was instructed to pay N10, 000 monthly for their feeding. This according to him must be carried out through the court. Lukman in addition was to be in charge of their education and health care. “My lord, that I’m alive today is the mercy of God.  My husband behaves like someone who has lost his mind and descends on me with severe beatings, “Kehinde told the court. “Lukman doesn’t believe in taking care of the home. He cares less about my welfare and that of our children and starves us on daily basis. Women more important than men in politics —Ekiti deputy gov UI makes Olaniyan, Oyo dep gov’s wife; Animasahun, 7 others… $1.2m Malabu oil scandal: EFCC secures court order to detain… N40.6bn export goods depart Lagos port in 2019-Customs “I work hard to cover up his lapses because he’s in the habit of complaining of paucity of fund. “While my friends wear the latest clothes and shoes, because their husbands lavish them with money and attention, I spend my income feeding and clothing my family. “I have come to Lukman’s financial aid countless times, but he fails to appreciate me. Being an ingrate, he beats me blue black after taking my money. “My lord, the worst of it is his jealous nature. He hates to see me with any other men. He accuses me of sleeping and taking money from them. “My body is full of bruises and it aches as a result of his punches. My lord, I pray that you end our marriage before he kills me. I also ask that the custody of our children be given me in order that I may give them adequate care, “she stated. “My lord, if I knew Kehinde was a harlot, I wouldn’t have married her, “Lukman stated. “Kehinde is skilled in two vices; lying and promiscuity. I take her words with a pinch of salt. “My lord, my wife is always happy to hear that I’m travelling because it is an opportunity for her to hang out with her lovers. Kehinde returns home late any time I’m out of time. “I discover of late she’s dating a particular man who takes her to hotels and joints on regular basis. She once abandoned our children at home for three days when I was away from home and lodged with this man in a hotel. “I again returned from a trip a few weeks ago and met an empty house. I waited for Kehinde’s return for hours but she failed to come home. I got angry and decided to check her at the beer parlour I was told her lover took her to and there she was. “Her lover on sighting me abandoned her and took to his heels. My wife was shocked to see me. She stayed glued to her seat, afraid. “I ordered her out of the joint and dragged her home. My lord, I beat the hell out of her and I have no regret for doing so. “My lord, she lied that I’m not interested in our children’s welfare. She enrolled them in a private school which fee to me is unaffordable. I advised that we put them in a public school but she failed to see reason with me. “My lord, my wife has given me enough problems. I can’t wait to have her out of my house and life. Please, separate us,” he concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!