No fewer than 5000 people from the four local government areas of Akoko in Ondo State, will benefit from a free medical outreach programme initiated by a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), Miteda Wellness Initiative. This was disclosed during a press conference in Thursday by the initiator of the outreach, Dr Mrs Adefunmilola Williams-Daudu, who said the programme was specially designed to reach people living in the rural communities but lacked medical facilities. Dr Williams – Daudu said the NGO will attend to all forms of illness and screening, which will include breast cancer examination, diabetes, Hepatitis, oral health, Blood Pressure, eye problems, malaria, free eyeglasses and attending to other health challenges. ALSO READ: 100% Kwara LG monthly allocation goes for salary ― Governor She said apart from attending to the health of these people in the rural communities, the NGO has assisted in funding the education of some pupils in some schools. She said this was to assist some indigent students within the community and said “some parents cannot afford to provide school uniforms, books and sandals for their wards. We have provided all these for pupils in LA Primary School, Ikaram Akoko. NGO commences 3 days evacuation of solid waste in Bauchi NGOs encouraged to seek funding internally Ondo Police arrests ten over protest, burning of church Akeredolu lauds state religious leaders for support, prayers According to her, government alone cannot cater for the health and education of all its citizens and said the initiative was introduced by her on the need to give back to the society, during her birthday some seven years ago. She said “the number of people who have been coming to the yearly event to get treatment for various ailments had been increasing since then. “Over 5,000 people had been treated and the programme has been expanding year after year and it has brought health benefits to thousands of people in the area. She disclosed that medical experts including doctors, nurses, laboratory scientists and other health workers from all parts of the world would be visiting the communities for the three days medical outreach. She said the medical programme will take place at Ikaram Akoko in the Akoko North West local government area of the state, saying “the medical initiative by Miteda Wellness Initiative would help reduce deaths among rural inhabitants. “Some of the illness would be treated free and if there is any need for more medical attention, we will arrange for them and finance it” She said more than N15 million has been expended on the project by the NGO in the last six years but sadly this year edition would be more elaborate and more people would be accommodated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!