IN a bid to cater for the housing needs of businesses, professional service providers and high net worth individuals operating in the Lekki Free Trade area  and beyond, Shareholders of Coral Beach Estate has commissioned the first block of 24 flats  ready for letting/leasing. At the commissioning ceremony held in Lagos recently, the  Chairman, Board of Directors, Coral Beach Estate FZE, Mr. Dave Inyere said the main objective of Coral Beach Estate is to seek out and develop real estate opportunities in Lekki Free Trade Zone for the benefit of  the company and her shareholders. The Lagos Free Trade Zone is built on a vision of diversified opportunities and booming economic potential. Its aim is to develop a satellite city with advanced infrastructure to attract not only manufacturers, but also other businesses like real estate and commerce. His words: “In her business dealings, Coral Beach Estate FZE is committed to upholding of excellence in service and product delivery, safe work practices and highest ethical standards as well as consistently seeking the best interest of her clients.” According to Inyere, the journey that started in January 2014, with a trip to the Lekki Free Zone by Mrs. Aladesulu, Mr. Uzo Nwosu and Mrs. Bose Odubanjo has already metamorphosed into the union of 37 visionary individuals (shareholders) spread across various professions and business interests. “These investors saw a modern luxury living where others saw forest and we are here today to celebrate the landmark of successful completion of the first block and utility services out of the planned seven blocks of apartments for construction within the Coral Beach Estate FZE,” he stated. Buhari’s govt, not El-Zakzaky deserves criminal trial BREAKING: Confusion in Abuja as miscreants attack, disrupt… Keystone Bank partners Medplus to promote healthy living… NLC chairman regains freedom in Cross River The company’s primary focus is in estates, lands, building casements or other interests in residential, commercial, shopping mall and office buildings in the Lekki Free Zone. Currently, the company is pioneering the development of an ultra-modern Estate of 318 luxury dwelling units consisting of 24 units of 3-bedroom flats, 36 units of 2-bedroom flats, 24 units of 2-bedroom maisonettes, 144 units of studio apartments, 54 units of 1-bedroom apartment, 24 units of 1-bedroom maisonettes and 12 units of executive penthouses. These are exquisitely and uniquely designed serviced-apartments at the Lekki Free Zone in Lagos. “The estate is structured in an affordable manner and the project is really going to impact in the housing deficit in Lagos especially those who work in the lekki free zone where there are non yet. It is going to be one of its kind in the area and it is going to help those who come from Ikoyi and its environs. “The target people for the estate are those who work in the Lekki free zone and the idea behind it is to enhance their productivity, by eliminating the traffic pressure from Ikoyi and island in getting here everyday, especially in the rainy season,” the Chairman board of directors further explained. The estate seats on a land area of 20,000 square meters and is the first real estate in Lekki free zone, with a lot of opportunities and demand in commerce in the with the expectation of the commencement of the lekki seaport in next  30 months. Describing the first building  commissioned on the 12th day of December 2019, Inyere said it has 24 flats of three bedrooms each. All the 24 flats are fully furnished and equipped with modern facilities including, air conditioners, washing machines, 24 hours power supply, CCTV, intercoms, and a recreational center that will admit externals in a club format, stressing that when the six buildings are fully completed, coral beach estate will be about 400 flats. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!