The Correspondents’ Chapel of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, (NUJ), Edo State Council has congratulated the new Vice-chancellor of the University of Benin, Prof. Lillian Imuetinyan Salami. Prof. Imuentiyan assumed office on Monday, December 2 as the 10th and second female vice-chancellor of UNIBEN after Prof. Grace Alele-Williams. In a joint statement in Benin yesterday by the Chairman, Mrs Nefi Yakubu and the secretary, Mr Osaigbovo Iguobaro, they said that her willingness to volunteer her time and effort, as well as express her opinions, has contributed to her being selected for the post. ALSO READ: Transport institute to tackle Apapa gridlock with NYSC members While wishing her the best as she extends her contribution to the development of human and capital resources in the nation’s educational sector especially at the school, they noted that many people work to pay the bills and live a happy life, but very few her like live to work at a job that gives everyone happiness. Mrs Yakubu and Iguobaro said that the university gained a lot when she was chairman of its integrated enterprise in 2011, adding that her record still stands tall. Struggle under my leadership shall be students oriented —… APC chieftain petitions Edo CJ, seeks removal of magistrate… Ahead of NEC meeting, Oshiomhole unveils fact finding… Ize-Iyamu formally dumps PDP, joins APC The chairman and the secretary urged the new vice-chancellor to continue on the path of hard work which had also uplifted her to becoming the first female professor of Education in the school. They advised: “Always remember that it was your courage and desire to make your own destiny that pushed you forward and we want you to be that “team player” to enable you to take the university to its pride on a place among the best institutions of higher learning. “Just like one plus one naturally makes two, your new job easily found a deserving contender like you. “Congratulations on your appointment once again and wish you every success in your new duties. “Please be aware that you have the full support of correspondents’ chapel as we look forward to working with you as you once again put forward your intellectual dexterity for the betterment of the university of our dream.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!