President Muhammadu Buhari has challenged Nigerian universities to engage in researches that can help the expansion of Agricultural activities in the country. The President, who was speaking at the 3rd, 4th and 5th combined convocation of the Federal University, Kashere in Gombe state on Saturday, said that his administration has put in realisable measures to address food shortage in the country. Represented by a Deputy Director in the NUC, the President congratulated the graduating students for attaining a milestone in life, encouraging them to look into the direction of Agriculture for self-sustainability. In his speech, Gombe state Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya assured people of the state that his administration will continue to work in partnership with the Federal University, Kashere in ensuring the promotion of quality education in the state. The governor said that his administration is well on course to support the institution towards the establishment of a College of Medical Sciences for the training of medical professionals for the state and county at large. Aisha says ‘bad people’ took over Nigeria from Buhari Buhari wants states to simplify land ownership process Gombe gov mourns Sarkin Malaman Gombe Female lawyers protest non-confirmation of Justice Beatrice… ALSO READ: Your corruption report is dubious, horrendous, Kogi govt challenges NBS Inuwa Yahaya said that as a governor, he would do everything necessary to ensure that Gombe state-owned institutions become the citadel of academic teaching and learning and the springboard of professionalism and excellence. The governor congratulated the Governing Council, Management and staff of the university for the convocation ceremony, challenging the graduating students not to waiver in their quest to attain greatness through self-determination. He also said that for the university to succeed, it must position itself in conducting researches with a view to addressing human challenges in the 21 century and paid glowing tribute to those that worked for the realisation of the university,  singling out former governor of the state, Senator Muhammad Danjuma Goje for special commendation. Inuwa Yahaya, who expressed satisfaction at the level of development so far witnessed at the institution, said that the doors of his administration will remain open for partnership with the university for mutual benefit and cooperation. The ceremony which had in attendance Nigeria’s Senate President, Dr. Ahmed Lawan, Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Pantami, Managing  Director of Nigeria Ports Authority, Hadiza Bala Usman, Emir of Gombe, Alhaji Abubakar Shehu Abubakar III, other traditional  rulers as well as government functionaries, witnessed the conferment of Honourary Doctorate degree to three distinguished persons, including Senator Mohammed Danjuma Goje who bagged Doctor of Science ( Honoris causa). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!