One of Nigeria’s fast-rising music acts, Ademola Taoreed Ojugbele, otherwise known as Big Drip, is gradually putting his music on the map and has assured his fans that he would rule over the industry in 2020. The singer, whose new single, Omalicha, which he featured Lojay, is currently topping music charts in an interview with Tribune Online said the new song would cap the year for him as he looked forward to the New Year with so much optimism. After enjoying airplay with his last single, London Girl, Big Drip whose music career started in 2015 when he got back from the United Kingdom (UK) after completing his high school education hinted that Omalicha came at a time when most of his fans were asking him for a new tune. Aisha says ‘bad people’ took over Nigeria from Buhari 1,616 civil servants sit for promotion exams in Bauchi DSS abduction of Sowore in Court barbaric, contempt of court… APC not at risk of losing Edo ― Oshiomhole ALSO READ:  BREAKING: DSS allegedly attempts to rearrest Sowore The singer, who is currently studying Business Administration at Caleb University disclosed that his music career has assumed a new dimension since he dropped the song as people now reckon him as one of the hottest music acts currently dominating the music space. Signed to Drip Nation Entertainment, Big Drip has associated with acts like Terri, Lojay, Scarface, Wes7er 22, among others as he continues to build his music brand that is fast becoming a popular one among many music lovers within and outside the country. Speaking on the journey so far, the London Girl crooner said while he has had a great year, he looked forward to a bigger year in 2020, adding that “I have had a massive year so far. I think my latest single and the positive reactions I have received so far speak volume of my career. 2020 is going to be a better year,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!