A retired professor of Islamic Studies, University of Ibadan, Dawud Noibi and the Muslim Media Watch Group of Nigeria (MMWG) have picked holes in the calls made by the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) and the Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA) for the resignation or removal of the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Justice Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad. CAN and HURIWA had criticised the CJN for calling for the improvement of the status of the Shari’ah in Nigeria through the amendment of the relevant sections of the constitution. They described the CJN as heating the polity by thus calling for what they described as the Islamisation of the country. But Prof. Noibi, who is the immediate past Executive Secretary of the Muslim Ummah of South West Nigeria (MUSWEN), in a statement personally signed by him, described the comments of the two bodies as preposterous. According to the retired university teacher, the CJN ought to be commended for making the call and his suggestion should be acted on quickly by the National Assembly. The statement reads in part: “The comments of the two bodies reminded me of those of an Ibadan high court judge back in 1990. In the course an expert evidence that I gave before him under cross examination on Shari’ah provisions on succession and inheritance by the renowned legal luminary, Mrs Folake Solanke (SAN), the trial judge, a Christian, expressed surprise at, and profound appreciation of, the depth and breadth of the Shari’ah. “Openly before the whole court, he lamented his lack of knowledge of a law in force in his own country even as a judge. Consequently, he advocated that every student in Nigeria should be made to study the Shari’ah. “How does that compare with the attacks of the HURIWA and the CAN on the CJN? What a huge contrast! Who knows better the constitution and the law, a judge or a biased human rights writer and a layman scribe of CAN combined? “Section 38 of the 1999 Constitution as amended guarantees freedom of religion both in belief and in practice. The whole life of a Muslim is governed by the laws of his religion. Therefore, it is the duty of the nation to provide for a judicial system whereby the relevant laws are interpreted correctly and disputes among adherents arising from such laws are resolved peacefully. “Hence, there are provisions in the constitution for the establishment of Shari’ah courts anywhere this is required in the country to cater for the needs of Muslim citizens. If HURIWA and CAN are not asking that these provisions be expunged from the constitution, why do they want to crucify the CJN for calling for the improvement of the Shari’ah as other laws in force in the country are open to improvement? PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens “In what way is the improvement of the application of the Shari’ah for Muslims in Nigeria offensive to non-Muslims?  And in what way does it constitute a violation of the provision of Section 10 of the constitution which prohibits the adoption of a state religion by the state? “Incidentally, the critics contradicted themselves by suggesting that Nigeria is both a ‘secular’ and ‘multi-religious’. Aren’t the two terms mutually exclusive? Nowhere in any constitution of Nigeria is the country described as ‘secular’. “Those who are pathologically hostile to anything Muslim to the extent of denying fellow citizens who happen to be Muslims rights even as simple as the use of hijab by female Muslim pupils and students are better advised to purge themselves of such hostility for the good of all. “Meanwhile, we should salute the courage of the CJN, commend him for making the call and urge the National Assembly to take quick action on his suggestion and do the needful.” In the same vein, MMWG condemned what it called the overreaction of CAN and HURIWA on the matter. In a statement by its national coordinator, Alhaji Ibrahim Abdullahi, the MMWG argued that Shari’ah had been in existence in Nigeria for decades, before the arrival of the colonial masters. The group’s statement reads in part: “With their advent, the law was retained by the colonial rulers but reduced to Muslim personal laws. The negative effects of its reduction are what we now face in Nigeria today with everything turning upside down. The call by the Chief Justice of Nigeria is, therefore, apt and relevant this time more than ever before. “In this nation today, Muslims have overwhelming majority and even if we are in the minority, we are entitled to our rights, including right to be governed by the Islamic laws that we believe in. Today, Muslims are more than 70 per cent of the nation’s population and no law forbids our demand to be governed by our choice of laws. “It is, therefore, unfortunate, confrontational, ill-motivated and abuse of liberty to air opinion for any individual or group to accuse the CJN of heating up the polity by calling for the improvement of the status of the Shari’ah in the country. “We call on all Muslims to join hands with Muslim bodies and leaders to demand for any right that would better the lot of this nation. Shari’ah is not meant for non-Muslims. It is for Muslims only and in a multi-religious (not secular) state like ours.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!