As the nation enters another New Year, the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has charged all Nigerians, especially the Christian community to remain steadfast in their faith, confidence and hope. This was contained in the goodwill message of CAN’s President, Rev Dr Samson Ayokunle signed by his Special Assistance on Media and Communications, Pastor Adebayo Oladeji in Abuja. He said God is deeply concerned about Nigeria and His plans and purposes would be fulfilled in the nation against all obvious odds. His Eminence, Ayokunle anchored his message to the nation on Jeremiah 29:11 where God Almighty reassured the nation of the Israel saying: “For I know the thoughts I have toward you, saith the Lord, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end”. According to him, it is instructive that when the Lord gave this message to the people of Israel, they were languishing under a draconian captivity, just like the present Nigeria. However, at the set time, He gave them a new beginning according to His word. Buhari has taken Nigeria close to Next Level target ― Lai… Nigeria in dire need of trained health workers ― Yayale CAN urges Kogi gov. to improve on LG workers salary. FG attacks US, accuses it of sowing seed of religious… ALSO READ: Poor vision in children increasing concern —Experts “As a nation, Nigeria has been in captivity of insecurity occasioned by the menace of unending terrorism, banditary, herdsmen, kidnapping, religious persecution, nepotism, economic predicament and its attendant consequences, graduate unemployment, food scarcity, Naira devaluations, political turmoil and electoral manipulations and a host of others. “Nigerians are groaning and it is as if our government is helpless but our God is not. God is stepping into the situation and we will soon rejoice and celebrate, in Jesus Name, when God returns our captivity. “The siege is over and we should rejoice in hope and in expectations of divine help and intervention. Year 2020 is our year of complete Deliverance, Freedom, Liberty, Peace, Recovery and Restoration. Let no one consider suicide as an option. “Let those who are engaging in suicidal trips to Europe through the Mediterranean sea shelve the ideas. Let those who are engaging in all forms of criminalities repent and return to God who is ready to forgive and position them for the coming victory and celebrations. It will not be long when God will heal our Land and there will be unprecedented celebrations in Nigeria in Jesus Name. It is a New Dawn”, he said. “CAN therefore congratulates every Nigerian on this New Year celebration and wishes all a prosperous, peaceful and glorious year ahead”, Reverend Ayokunle added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.