The House of Representatives Committee on Finance is to begin work on the implementation of the 2020 budget (Appropriation Act) from January 16, 2020, as signed by President Muhammadu Buhari early in the week. The Chairman of the House Committee on Finance, Hon James Faleke in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja said that the Committee would be receiving weekly /monthly reports on revenue generation and remittances to monitor the revenue projections in the 2020 budget. Hon Faleke urged all MDAs, Collecting Banks, Corporate bodies of Government to cooperate fully with the Committee in carrying out these functions. According to him “With the passage and signing of the 2020 Appropriation Act, the House Commit Finance wishes to commend all members of the House for the time spent to work on all source documents towards the passage of the Appropriation Act. We are being called all manners of names for supporting… Buhari congratulates APC governors on Supreme Court… AfCFTA: Buhari inaugurates action committee Buhari urges police to embrace policing devoid of complicity ALSO READ: Makinde approves N300m for Ibadan poly for accreditation, capital projects “The Appropriation Act remains a plan on paper and can only become reality if funds are available for the execution of the projects as contained in the Act “The plan will not come to fruition if the appropriated revenue is not generated and remitted to the appropriate Government Accounts “The Committee on Finance whose key area of oversight is revenue generation and remittances has the job of ensuring these revenues are achieved and remitted accordingly “The Committee on Finance will also use the new Federal Government transparency initiative on expenditure disclosure by MDAs to ensure extra-budgetary expenditures are curtailed to enhance revenue remittances to the treasury”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!