Six United States of America (USA) lawmakers have written a joint letter to the Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, over continued detention of the Convener of #Revolution Now protest and publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore. Sowore and his co-defendant, Olawale Bakare, are facing trial for alleged conspiracy to commit treason, money laundering and insulting the president. The accused were granted bail on December 11, after spending 123 days in the detention facility of the Department of State Services (DSS). But Sowore was rearrested within the premises of the Abuja Federal High Court, shortly after Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu, who presided over his trial, had adjourned the case till next February. The United States lawmakers noted that Nigeria, under the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari, had been trampling on citizens’ rights and had failed to be an example of respect for the rule of law on the African continent. They maintained that ‘”as the largest democracy in Africa, Nigeria has an opportunity and responsibility to serve as model for following the established rule of law under its own constitution.” The lawmakers who signed the letter are Senators Robert Menendez; Charles Schumer; Cory Booker and Christopher Coons, as well as Congressmen Bill Pascrell and John Gotheirmer. The lawmakers expressed grave concern over what they perceived to be state impunity and secrecy surrounding the trial of Sowore, whom they submitted was not getting the right to a fair trial. Their letter stated further: “Disturbing videos of the melee in court are circulating, which appear to show armed agents in court and Mr Sowore being placed in choke hold after which he was re-detained by DSS, though no new charges have since been filed to justify this re-detention. ‘In 20 years, Nigeria hasn’t made tangible progress in… Makinde and the principle of reciprocity Christmas: Church leaders preach hope, love among… Christmas without chicken “We understand that his case has since been placed within your purview. “We are pleased to stand alongside Nigeria as a democratic country. “As the largest democracy in Africa, Nigeria has an opportunity and responsibility to serve as model for following the established rule of law under its own constitution. “And as with all advanced democracies, this includes the lawful application of prosecutorial powers and actions as well as ultimate compliance with judicial rulings. In the case of Mr Sowore, this does not appear to have happened.” The lawmakers said Nigeria ought to learn to uphold basic human rights of citizens, including their “freedom of expressions and political affiliation without fear of government reprisal and harassment, particularly for opposing or dissenting voices.” The further urged the AGF to “take immediate steps to ensure the safety and security of Mr Sowore while he is held in government custody; work to facilitate speedy and fair resolution to the circumstances of his re-detention; and ensure he receives a legally sound and credible trial.”  Rights groups converge on Abuja tomorrow Meanwhile, as the 14-day ultimatum given the Federal Government by 200 Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) for the release of Mr Sowore and others from detention lapses tomorrow, Comrade Deji Adeyanju, on his twitter handle, appealed to Nigerians to join members of CSOs who, he said, will gather at the Unity Fountain in Abuja by 6:00 p.m. on Monday for a solemn assembly and prayers to call on thre government to release Sowore, Agba Jalingo, Dadiyata and every prisoner of conscience before the New Year. Also, a tacit release from Professor Wole Soyinka, made available by EIE Nigeria Weekly Update on Friday reads: “May I remind this government that disobedience calls for disobedience, and that disobedience of the orders of the constitutional repository of the moral authority of arbitration – the judiciary – can only lead to a people’s disregard of the authority of other arms of civil societies.”     SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!