The Non-Academic Staff Union of Educational and Associated Institutions (NASU) has lamented that Nigerian workers have been consigned by the Federal and State Governments, under the weight of the burden of overtaxation. While decrying the situation, the union pointed out that despite the existing burdens, new tax burdens are introduced daily by the present administration in the country. Speaking at the Seventh Quadrennial National Delegates Conference of the union, NASU President, Comrade Chris Ani, warned that the tax burden, and the recently introduced charges by the Central Bank of Nigeria on bank accounts are provocative to the workers that are already overburdened by the excessive PAYE tax. Comrade Ani said: “The increase in Value Added Tax and the increases in the charges of withdrawals and deposits by the Central Bank of Nigeria to say the least are very provocative to a workforce that is already over burden with excessive PAYE tax. The tax system in Nigeria is not broad base as it is very clear that only workers pay taxes in this country. No going back on NOUN’s one million enrollment target… When the law is helpless Transportation channels for agricultural business An honour from the cradle of journalism “It is unacceptable that the country is ever ready to give tax concessions and tax holidays to business while increasing taxes that affect workers adversely. The Chairman of Federal Inland Revenue Services (FIRS) has indicated government’s intention to cap it up with what he calls communication tax because according to him, Nigerians talk a lot. “These mindless taxation is carried out to prove to Bretton Wood Institutions and other foreign lenders, that the country can internally generate sufficient revenue to settle the ever increasing foreign debts. We must rise as a movement to challenge this insensitivity of Governments to the tax burden, that is crushing Nigerian workers.” On the issue of corruption, the NASU President pointed out that corruption remains a hydra-headed monster that is destroying the economic, political and social fabrics of this nation, regretting that it has become a way of life in the country, and a culture. He called on the Federal Government to stop paying lip service to the fight against corruption and develop the political will and courage to tackle the issue. “To us, giving political appointments to persons who have pending cases of corruption in court or have ever been indicted by any tribunal, amounts to administrative pardon,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!