The decision by the All Progressive Congress (APC) in Bauchi state to further challenge the election of the State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir at the Supreme Court after it lost at Appeal Court has been described as taken in bad faith just to distract the governor from carrying out his developmental projects and programs. A founding member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Bauchi State Alhaji Bibi Dogo while speaking with Journalists said that, “the only option left for the APC is to accept the judgment of the Court of Appeal which dismissed their petition against the election of Governor Mohammed and to jettison the idea of any further legal tussle over the judgment for the sake of Bauchi” . Bibi Dogo who stated this when he reacted to the stand of the APC’s press conference pledging to challenge the appeal court judgement in favour of the incumbent Bauchi Governor said that, “what we expect from the APC is to compel the former Governor to explain the allegations against him by various anti-graft agencies”. ALSO READ: Kogi election: Anambra spiritualist predicts victory for Bello/Onoja He added that “like recently, it was discovered that there is a direct purchase of landed property at No 22 Arrakan road GRA Kano State at the cost of over N283, 892,555,00 only, by the former Governor, Mohammed Abdullahi Abubakar. Let the former Governor come out and explain the purchase, we have all documents on the purchase and we have taken them to the appropriate authority for further action, we will not relent until we recover all the items and properties belonging to the state that was frittered away by the ex governor”. Why APC is against electoral reforms ― PDP TB Joshua charges Bayelsa gov-elect to prioritise welfare of… Bauchi guber legal tussle: We are heading to Supreme Court,… Oshiomhole: APC UK wants party to focus on delivering… Bibi Dogo further said that the protracted legal fireworks over the elections were not in the best interest of the state , “even though we are not afraid of litigations with Mohammed Abubakar after we defeated him five times, first at the polls, second, supplementary election, third in the court, fourth at the tribunal and fifth at the Appeal court and by the grace of Allah we will carpet him again in the supreme court”. He said if APC were patriotic, they will let go the decision of the appeal court after they suffered defeat five times they should allow the will of Bauchi people to prevail not to make political attempt to distract the governor with the aim of going to supreme court rather they should defend the interest of the state. The politician thanked Governor Bala Mohammed for executing viable projects in the area of education, healthcare, road network, commerce, environment and many other laudable projects that will uplift the living standard of Bauchi State. Effort to speak to adviser media to the Former Governor Ali Mohammed Ali failed but one of his closest aides said that, “ the former governor has constitutional right to challenge the election up to the supreme court, he is now exercising his constitutional right, on the issue of the direct purchase of landed property, he challenged Bibi Dogo to take Mohammed Abubakar to court if he thinks he committed any offence while in office.. It will be recalled that the APC has vowed to seek redress at the supreme court, following the judgement delivered by the court of Appeal in Jos, that upheld the victory of the Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir as the duly elected Governor of Bauchi State under the banner of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the last 2019 general elections. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!