As the Deputy Speaker in a House of Assembly dominated by members of a political party other than yours, how will you describe your experience so far? I see it as another opportunity to get more experience and acquire more legislative knowledge. Remember that it is not the first time that I have been in the House of Assembly, this is my second coming to the House and I have garnered leadership experience; I know the workings and operations of the House. So, it is not difficult for me to function even in the midst of opposition members. Since we were elected by our people, our responsibility first is to ensure that we come up with legislation that will make life easier for them without minding political differences because for now politicking is over. It is now time for the business of legislation for the good of the people of Bauchi State. So, simply put, the experience is a positive one which is building me for higher levels.  As a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), how do you cope when you are presiding the session of the Assembly? Like I said, time of politics is over since the completion of the elections, it is now business time. It is time to fulfill our campaign promises to the people who elected us. For me, it has been a rewarding experience presiding because all of us members are willing to support and are united in ensuring that the House does not fail as we all know that there is no party barrier in every Assembly after inauguration. We normally speak one tongue and in voice even though there will always be arguments for or against any motion brought before the Assembly but at the end the collective interest of the state is mostly considered.  The Assembly witnessed leadership raucous at the inauguration. What is the situation now? Everything is normal now. All 31 members have come to understand that we are representatives of our people and we are all indigenes of Bauchi State and we all know we need everybody’s support. So we don’t remember any crisi in the House of Assembly. In a nutshell, the leadership crisis is now over and the business of legislation is now paramount and our focus in order to support the executive arm to deliver dividend of democracy to the people of Bauchi State. There are no more crises here.  Now that the crisis that engulfed the House is over, how will you describe the current situation? The situation has since returned to normal. It is indeed very normal now and every member is eager to contribute towards developing our state. Each one of us is striving to provide quality representation and this resolve has made things easier for a smooth operation of the House. You can go round the country and you will find out that the current Bauchi State House of Assembly is the most peaceful and most vibrant considering the fact that three different political parties have members in the House, and we consider this a beautiful thing to have.  What steps are you taking to ensure that you win the confidence of the opposition members for maximum legislation? Though the beginning was tough but gradually things are becoming increasingly easier for me and for all of us. What I did was to ensure that I provide a transparent leadership, which has endeared me to my colleagues. I ensure that everything we do is done collectively and in unity, I try not to leave anyone out in taking any decision. This has made me become trustworthy and has earned me the respect of my colleagues.  The executive in the state was formed by a political party different from the one that dominates the House of Assembly, which is the legislature. How has this affected the relationship between the legislature and the executive in Bauchi State? Supreme Court verdict: Expect more, Makinde tells Oyo… No panic over Finance Bill ― Finance minister Nigerian universities’ curricular must be reviewed in… EFCC arrests former AGF, Adoke, on arrival from Dubai The relationship between the executive and the legislature has been excellent. Everybody plays his constitutional role and remember that the governor and his deputy are former national legislators who made marks positively when they represented the state. The governor has an open mind and he has been able to impress it on the people of Bauchi State that he has them at heart. So far so good, our partnership is a robust one. Even when we have reasons to disagree, we come to terms for the collective interest of the state. I can beat my chest that our relationship is the best in this country.  Has the governor related with the House of Assembly as a legislature, that is, has he related with the Assembly without considering political party affiliation? I can say emphatically yes, the governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has been sensitive to the needs of the House to the best of his ability and availability of resources at the disposal of government. Let me even tell you that because we are enjoying a cordial relationship, sometimes we forget if any member is from any political party because we have become one and pursuing a common goal.  What is the House doing about the ongoing bank verification number (BVN) crisis in the state, which has affected the discharge of certain duties in the state? This is public service function and government has the constitutional rights to know the exact number of its workforce. So, we don’t have any quarrel with the exercise, we are closely monitoring it to ensure that the exercise is not used as a witch-hunt. Immediately we notice any wrong causes, we will act but for now, there is no reason to doubt the process.  How will you rate the performance of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) administration in the state? Regardless of the fact that I am a member of the PDP but as a citizen of Bauchi State, I will make bold to tell you that it is the best ever administration in the history of all democratically-elected governors in Bauchi State. Of a fact, this administration can be likened to the first civilian administration of late Alhaji Abubakar Tatari Ali under the defunct National Party of Nigeria (NPN). Within just six months, go round the state and see what transformation in terms of projects and programs is taking place. This administration is indeed for good of the people of Bauchi State. It has been a great beginning and we hope and pray that it will definitely end well.  People of the state have high hopes and expectations for a better state under the PDP, what promises do you have for them? You are very right, considering the wasted four years of All Progressives Congress (APC) government. People are yearning for a better government. I want to assure them that they will be happy at the end of the day with the delivery to be given by the PDP-led administration. The government will not let them down.  You are a leader of the legislature and a principal officer of the House of Assembly, but you have a constituency. What should your constituents expect from you? Yes, I am representing the people of Zungur/Galambi/Miri constituency. The people are mostly farmers considering the fact that the area is made up of villages outside Bauchi metropolis and therefore in need of great attention. Although I have been doing my best to develop the area, I promise to do more for them. I intend to let them have more benefits of democracy at all times. They should expect more from me based on availability of funds and priority needs of each community.  At the end of your tenure, what do you want to be remembered for? I wish to be remembered by the many things I would do for the development of the people of my constituency, but I most importantly want to be remembered for providing good representation and contribution to the wellbeing of the area that I represent and Bauchi State.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!