The new attacks by Boko Haram or the Islamic State`s West Africa Province, popularly known as ISWAP on communities of Yobe and Borno states is worrisome and a major setback to the Nigerian counterterrorism effort.  I recall that the group formerly known as Boko Haram until March 2015 when there was a misunderstanding between the Abubakar Shekau camp and that of the son of the late Muhammad Yusuf gave birth to ISWAP, a Jihadist terrorist organisation active in the Lake Chad Basin Areas. I came across the name in 2015 when a renowned terrorism reporter, Ahmed Salkida, tweeted that Boko Haram splinted into major groups. The group that time seemed non-violent; their modus operandi was like humanitarian workers helping the extreme or poor communities with water, shelter and other basic amenities. The group was doing so to gain trust with the host communities and also create avenue of recruiting more young people into their group. The group, reported to have a strong allegiance with the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria appears to be working hard to gain more favour and support from ISIS. The renewed attacks are very disturbing and came at a time the government was claiming that, the group had been defeated technically but it seems there is a lot to do. This month, the group has made several attacks at different locations in Borno and Yobe states; ambushed travellers along the Maiduguri-Monguno road where six people were killed. In Damaturu, the Nigerian army successfully pushed them back and killed many of them before they were sighted along the Miringa axis of Biu firing gun at communities. The major concern is that, ISWAP is growing in power and influence, especially in its territorial base on the banks and Island of Lake Chad areas. The group has cultivated a level of support among local civilians that Boko Haram destroyed their communities and neglected by government. International Security Sector Advisory Team (ISSAT) reported that, there is strong bond between ISWAP and these neglected communities as the group provides economic support to them and treat them better than the parent organization, Boko Haram, by filling gaps in governance and service delivery. Filling this gap in governance and service delivery is very essential in winning this war and of course getting information from the communities that will help in tackling the conflict. Pepsi delights consumers with new campaign N50 POS Charge, counterproductive, burdensome on consumers… US on religious persecution in  Nigeria Open market sales of powdered milk: LASCOPA sensitises… ISWAP approach appears to have paid dividends in terms of recruitment and support from the communities, displacing them will not be easy because of their deepening root in the population, especially those communities of Cameroon, Chad and Niger. The group reportedly extends micro-loans to local communities, especially to women, youths and farmers. The government should not use force alone in fighting them; non-kinetic approach should be also considered to weaken their ties with those communities. For Nigeria to win this war, one step to start is to address the issue of human rights abuses committed by security personnel. They should conduct themselves more professionally in discharging their duties in affected communities. This will win the heart of rural communities to provide the necessary information needed to counter ISWAP terrorists in the region.  Idris Mohammed, Abuja. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!