The national president of N igeria Association of Tour Operators (NATOP),  Hajia Bilkisu Abdul, has continued to open new doors  for the tourism industry in Nigeria in her drive to engage more core stateholders in the promotion of domestic tourism. Recently, the governor of Nassarawa State, Mr Abdullahi Sule,  hosted the President of NATOP in Lafia to brief her on the state’s plan to host an annual cultural festival. The governor who is also looking at tourism as an area of comparative advantage to boost the economy of the state commended Hajia Bilkisu for her commitment and passion to take tourism promotion to an enviable level. He said he was impressed with the news he had been reading about her work as NATOP president, adding that NATOP is becoming a household name among many government agencies as the new president has reached out to major Nigerian organisations and state governments in her new drive to give domestic tourism a vantage position in Nigeria. “I want to join NATOP so I can drive Tourism in my state,” declared the governor. PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens The governor asked the NATOP president to bring her members, including board of trustees member and executives, to meet with the state’s Commissioner for Tourism to arrange a tour of Nassarawa state for NATOP members. In her the response, Hajia Abdul thanked the governor for his kind gesture and pleasant reception, promising to come back with a bigger team of the best tourism experts in Nigeria. “Engaging NATOP to help promote Nassarawa State will yield great result sir.  We shall not disappoint you  in our quest to support the tourism dream of Nassarawa State because my members are capable,” she said. NATOP president was also hosted by the chairman, House Committee on Tourism, Senator Owelle Rochas Okorocha, at the National Assembly. NATOP executives also held a memorial for the past president, Mrs Fatima Garbati, who died after the Ife AGM hosted by the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi. The memorial was held in August. Many activities of the association  been lined up for the end of year for NATOP members, including Carnival Calabar, Igue Festival in Benin and the Nassarawa Cultural Festival. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!