President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated Nasarawa State Governor, Abdullahi Sule, on his 60th birthday. According to a statement issued in Abuja on Thursday by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), the president urged him to make good governance his priority in order to leave a lasting and favourable legacy. “Life is the most invaluable gift from God and we should use our birthday to thank our creator and reflect on life, with humility,” Buhari stated. The President, who wished the governor “many more years and good health’’, advised him “not to rest on his oars because the task of fulfilling campaign promises is even greater than the campaign efforts.’’ “I urge you to make good governance your watchword because your good performance will be the yardstick by which your tenure will be judged for years to come. I wish you happy birthday and more prosperous years ahead,’’ President Buhari added. Terror attack: Buhari assures Burkina Faso of support President Buhari greets Ganduje at 70 Buhari condoles with Kogi governor over sister’s death Human rights abuse: My conscience is clear ― Buhari In a separate statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity), President Buhari joined the media, particularly the advertising industry, in celebrating foremost advertising practitioner and Chairman of Troyka Holdings, Biodun Sobanjo on his 75th birthday. ALSO READ: Christmas is a mystery same as Easter, Catholic Priest replies Olukoya He congratulated the marketing communications consultant for many years of lofty achievements, recognitions and awards, following his investments in an integral part of the economy that has created jobs, equipped many with skills for start-ups and attracted the global spotlight. President Buhari felicitated with friends, family members and professional associates of Sobanjo, who carefully and painstakingly explored advertising as a profession and business, and diligently mentored many to follow his steps by creating a learning hub and supporting academic institutions with ideas and facilities. The statement added that as Sobanjo turned 75, the President expressed his belief that his wealth of experience and knowledge will continue to inspire more people into entrepreneurship, especially in the creative industry which has turned more dynamic and vibrant with many opportunities for the adventurous. Buhari prayed that the almighty God will grant the advertising expert longer life, good health and more wisdom to keep investing in the country and her citizens. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!