THE immediate past Chairman, Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), Oyo State chapter, Bishop Taiwo Adelakun, has handed over to Reverend Samson Ajetumobi after completing his tenure. Ajetumobi, along with the new executive, is expected to pilot the affairs of the christian body for the next four years. At an inauguration service held at Men of Issachar Vision, Ibadan, Adelakun, who is also the Presiding Bishop of Victory International Church and Chancellor, Dominion University, Ibadan, stated that: ”I have no ambition in life to contest for any elective position. I just want to follow God’s leading and stick to his plans for my life. “Eight years ago, I accidentally walked into a meeting where the main agenda was to choose the next chairman of PFN in Oyo State. My predecessor in office nominated me for the position and I eventually won the election to become the chairman of the state fellowship. “After seeking counsel from the fathers, the work of reconciliation and reuniting the body started in earnest. Today, I can say with confidence that PFN in Oyo State is one strong entity,” he said. PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens While delivering a sermon, General Overseer of Christ Life Church, Bishop Francis Wale Oke, said: “I am happy today that a capable hand is handing over the mantle of leadership to another capable hand. What happened here today is an example to all churches and particularly to all political parties that transition can take place without bloodletting or any form of rancour.” Ajetumobi, while reading his acceptance speech said: “We are trusting God to advance PFN in Oyo State. Those who led before us have done a great job, We trust God to help us in order to improve on what they have done.” Governor of Oyo State, Mr Seyi Makinde, who was also present on the Occasion described the transition at Oyo PFN as a reference point to the  political class in the country. He, however, pledged government support for PFN in the State whenever there is the need. Also present on the occasion were:Arch-Bishop Joseph Imariabe Ojo and other servants of God. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!