Gombe state Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has declared open the 8th NIPOST Sports festival urging the contingents from the 36 states of the federation and FCT to be a source of inspiration to young talents in the host state. The Governor made the call while declaring open, the 8th NIPOST Sports Festival, tagged Gombe 2019, taking place in Gombe identifying sports as one of the unifying factors that strengthen ties not only among states but beyond the shores of the country. The Governor who guaranteed the contingents a hitch-free and peaceful tournament applauded the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami and NIPOST’s Governing Board Chairman, Barrister Maimuna Yaya Abubakar for bringing the tournament to the jewel state. Gombe gov flags off N3.7b 21 km road in Balanga LGA Gombe gov, Inuwa Yahaya presents 2020 budget FG delegation pays condolence visit to Gombe over demise of… Embark on researches to expand agriculture, Buhari charges… ALSO READ: FG determined to transform NIPOST into world best ― Minister Inuwa Yahaya said that “Gombe is endowed with sports talents who excel in various fields of sporting activities nationally and internationally, so you will have not made a better choice for a host state. It is our hope, that our young sports talents here in the state will have so much to learn from this competition”. He inspected the match past by the contingents along with other officials urging Gombe state Sports Commission and Ministry for Youth and Sports Development to accord all the desired support to the NIPOST Local Organizing Committee to ensure the success of the festival. With this festival, Gombe state is hosting more than 1000 contingents from the 36 state branches of the Nigerian Postal Service, NIPOST, who will compete for honours in several sports, including athletics, football, badminton, egg race, table tennis, postmen race, thug of war, volleyball among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!