The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has commenced measures to ensure safe use of pesticides and agrochemicals in Nigeria through stakeholders’ awareness campaign and the institution of regulatory measures to effectively avert the dangers associated with it by immediate ban on importation and manufacture of 100ml pack size of Dichlorvos (DDVP) and Crop Protection Products (CCP). This was declared by the Director-General, (NAFDAC), Professor Mojisola Adeyeye, who was represented by the Deputy Director, Veterinary Medicine and Allied Product Directorate (VMAP), Dr Sani Maiyaki, at the agency’s collaboration with stakeholders in agrochemicals and pesticides to sensitisation workshop for Agro-input dealers on safe and responsible use of pesticides and agrochemicals in Ibadan. The Director-General said the forum is to enlighten the public on harmful effect and safety measures as it relates with the use of pesticides or agrochemical and the need for a mandatory listing of agrochemical dealers in Nigeria. He said: “In recent times, the agency has observed and received several complaints from concerned citizens on misuse, abuse, presence of counterfeit, substandard and fake pesticides in the country, which has impacted negatively in the wellbeing of human, agricultural produce, trade and environment. This has become a source of concern for NAFDAC and quite troubling are the health hazards these pesticides could pose to people. “Due to injudicious and indiscriminate use of some pesticides, many accidents have occurred in different parts of the country, and presence of pesticides in foods, fruits, vegetables and environment and its use as a suicide tool by youths and vulnerable persons is of great concern to NAFDAC. “The agency along with relevant stakeholders are taking the initiative to ensure the safe use of pesticides and agrochemicals in Nigeria through stakeholders’ awareness campaign and the institution of regulatory measures to effectively avert the dangers associated with it. ALSO READ: Border drill: Boost for rice production, self-sufficiency ― FG “It is in this disposition that the agency released a public statement on qDichlorvos which highlighted the following regulatory l pack size of measures but not limited to: immediate ban on the importation and manufacture of 100m pack size of Dichlorvos (DDVP), ban on the sale of DDVP 100ml pack size in open market and supermarkets from August 1, mandatory listing of agrochemical dealers, restriction of sales of Crop Protection products (CPP) to NAFDAC approved/accredited agrochemical dealers and mop up of ddvp 100ml pack size from open markets and supermarkets by manufacturers, importers, and distributors. NAFDAC to sanction master bakers in Kogi NAFDAC moves to reduce substandard, fake drugs Processed food, herbal medicine killing Nigerians ― NAFDAC… FG to spend over N1bn as compensation for codeine seizures ―… “NAFDAC has developed a phase-out croon plan to ban the manufacture, importation, sale and use of Paraquat in Nigeria because it has been banned in several countries of the world. In line with the agency’s mandate of safeguarding the health of the nation, the agency thereby banned the use of tallow amine as inert material in the formulation of glyphosate products with effect from 1st January 2020.” The President, West Agro Input Dealers Association(WAIDA), Mr Kabir Umar-Fara, commended NAFDAC on the awareness campaign and recognition of relevant stakeholders. The WAIDA president, who was represented by the National Secretary, Mr Ayoola Isiaka, raised several observations ranging from association membership, professional certificate recognition, major importer competitors, listing pre-review and product testing before marketing. “In Nigeria today, the marketing of pesticides is not limited to agro-dealers alone. Some major importers are competing with us, sending directly to the end-user that our farmers cleaneth. EVC permit is in essence to market agrochemicals. “Major importers and their staffs that are not listed are not qualified to market to end users in this country. If only NAFDAC could intervene and stop agrochemical importers from taking over agro-dealers responsibility,” he said. Also, the National Vice-President (South-West), Alhaji Olayinka Akinmade, commended the federal government for establishing a law that created NAFDAC about 21 years ago. “With the sensational exploits of our late Prof. Dora Akunyili to the several international and foreign feats of Dr Paul Orhi and now our Professor Moji Adeyeye, you have done very much. “NAFDAC job requires a collaborative effort. You can’t do it alone, but when we want to assist you or collaborate with you, you should look at us as being interested in what you do and you are doing, safeguarding the health of the nation. “Health, they say is wealth, and when you safeguard our health, then we will be able to have the strength to forge ahead and go on to expand the Nigeria economy, and therefore get the nation to survive,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!