The Brigade Commander, 4 Brigade, Benin, Brig.-Gen. Greg Omorogbe, has said the Nigerian Army Staff is committed to ensuring that Nigerians live in a healthy and civil environment in the country. Omorogbe said this while speaking with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) during a free medical outreach by the brigade at Uhiele community near Ekpoma in Esan South West Local Government Area of Edo. Explaining that the free medical outreach was the brainchild of the Chief of Army Staff, Tukur Buratai, he said that it was part of activities for the exercise crocodile smile IV presently ongoing in the state. He stressed that the Nigerian Army, apart from ensuring the security of lives and property through various operations, would also ensure that the health needs of the civil populace were met. Osun: Lagos-Ibadan rail line repairs stall Yuletide free… Comptroller-General, Immigration officers to undergo drugs… Sowore: Follow, respect rule of law, US congresswoman tells… No controversy over turbaning of Aregbesola as Waziril… ALSO READ: National Parks repositioned to serve Nigerians better ― Conservator-General According to him, the outreach will also help in improving the civil-military relationship in a bid to building the confidence of the civil populace in the military. He disclosed that no fewer than 500 persons benefited from the outreach, which had the medical team from the Brigade Medical Corps comprising doctors, pharmacists, medical laboratory scientists, dentist, counsellors and educators. Omorogbe told NAN that the choice of Edo Central for the outreach was in fulfilment of his pledge during the inauguration ceremony of the exercise Crocodile Smile IV at Ikpako, Ovia North East Local Government. He noted that with the Uhiele community exercise, Edo South and Central have been covered; adding that the next point of call was Edo North Senatorial district. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!