Multi Lord, born Egwuonwu Chukwuka is hip-hop, rap and trap singer, rapper, music producer and songwriter and co-owner of the record label, Sound Gang whose career took a flight in 2019 with the single ‘150k’ and the video which racked up 30,000views in about one month. The Sound Gang man has had a stellar 2019 but nothing will please him more than a collaboration with the ‘African Giant’ and Grammy nominee, Burna Boy. To him, the ‘Ye’ crooner is the best artist of 2019. Burna Boy is unquestionably the best artiste of 2019 because his career started off a bit controversially and many didn’t believe in him, but he proved them all wrong and put himself and Nigerian music as a whole on the map this 2019 more than any other artist,” he quipped But would he go as far as comparing the African Giant to the duo of Davido and Wizkid who have dominated the scene in the past few years? The Igbinedion University graduate beat a retreat. Burna Boy’s ‘African Giant’ makes history on UK Albums Chart Wizkid lands second Billboard entry with Beyoncé’s ‘Brown… Beyoncé features Tiwa Savage, Wizkid, others in new ‘Lion… Burna Boy’s new single `Anybody’ is another party starter ALSO READ: 2020: FRSC boss seeks collective action against road carnages “I believe Davido, Wizkid and Burna Boy music all get the same buzz or attention at the moment but Wiz and David are indisputably ruling the Nigerian music scene considering the number of years they’ve been at the top. So yes. They; Wizkid and Davido are the kings of Afrobeat/pop music in Nigeria,” he said. But when it comes to collaborating with anyone of them at the moment, Multi Lord will gladly opt for Burna Boy and his reasons are in order. “Burna Boy definitely, because he’s super talented and can blend better into my genre of music than any other local artist I know. My genre of music is HipHop/Rap/Trap. That has been my style of music from day one even before I started creating my own music. I believe Burna Boy can blend easily into it,” he said. Multi Lord has worked with renowned musical artists and producers like DJ Coublon, KirkoDrilz, Hitman etc. He has written, produced and co-produced viral hit songs like Dolla sign, $150K, Never Race etc. He also released a total of three singles off his forthcoming EP this year and an official music video for one of the singles titled ‘$150K’ SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.