THE issue of Tax Identification Number (TIN) as a requirement for every bank account holder as well as the confidentiality of Bank Verification Number (BVN) were among important issues raised by stakeholders as the Lagos State government rolled out its new Enterprise Tax Administration system. But the Lagos Inland Revenue Service (LIRS) has ruled out the incidence of giving out (data breach) of payee’s sensitive information submitted for tax payment purposes. At a recent stakeholders’ engagement forum where the service addressed the concerns and issues raised, the executive chairman of the service, Mr Ayo Subair assured that no information relating to any tax payer would be divulged to a third party as it is statutorily prohibited. Among the issues of serious concern to stakeholders at the meeting were the confidentiality of personal information imputed on the platform, especially BVN confidentiality. Other issues include who takes responsibility in the event of data breaches; integrating of payee tax identification with FIRS tax identification number (TIN) which is going to become mandatory requirement for every bank account holder from January 2020, and lots more. Addressing data security concerns, Subair said “Let me assure you all that the platform is secure, confidential and protected. No information relating to any tax payer will be divulged to a third party as it is statutorily prohibited. “In addition, rules and privileges on e-Tax are designed and executed to ensure restricted and monitored access to data and information available on the platform,” the LIRS boss assured. The new Enterprise Tax system is a digital, end-to-end, multi-channel solution for tax filing and payments which has capabilities for tax registration, tax calculation, filing of returns, payment and processing of treasury receipts. According to the LIRS boss, with eTax tax registration, tax calculation, filing of returns, payment and processing of treasury receipts can now be done from the comfort of the payee’s home or office, and the issue of individuals not being able to know their tax history has become a thing of the past. He said “For anyone who wants to know his tax history, all that he has to do is to go online, log on to his profile and see the payee’s historical transactions.” Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens Digital movie platforms should opens to growing… Burna Boy, Naira Marley, Flavour, David Tlale, others… At the meeting well attended by tax managers, consultants and administrators, companies finance executives and other key stakeholders, LIRS demonstrated how Lagos residents can perform tax civic responsibility from the comfort of their homes. He told Nigerian Tribune that Lagos State places a lot of premium on tax generation and collection because that is the most sustainable means of mobilizing funds and resources to be used for the development of the state, adding that the state has large infrastructure gap. “With this new solution, we expect to widen the tax base. And that will translate to more revenue for LIRS and more revenue for the state which our able governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu will use to develop the state and deliver dividends of democracy. “We are taking note to see how we can improve the platform’s capabilities to promptly address the issues and concerns raised in the feedback received,” Subair told Nigerian Tribune. He implored all companies and organisations registered under the payee scheme to register all their staff before the year runs out, stressing that deployment of the new tax portal would be necessary for companies 2020 annual returns cycle. “Our staff at various locations and designated call centres will be available to attend to all complains and inquiries arising from your experiences,” LIRS boss assured. Also speaking, the Managing Director of Alpha Beta Consulting, Otunba Akin Doherty, stated that the whole idea of e-Tax solution is to make it much easier for all residents of Lagos State to transact their tax business. He said “It makes life very easy for them because they don’t have to come to our offices as they used to come in the past. “So, we implore all residents of Lagos State to take benefit of this solution by registering, coming online. “That way, they are guaranteed that all their transactions will be properly reflected, that all their transactions are transparent, as I said, they can do it from the comfort of their homes,” Doherty stated. Commenting on the process, tax experts present said it is efficient, effective, simple, engaging, transparent, creative, done with ease, and above all technologically driven. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!