Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has disclosed that arrangements are on top gear to attract a sum of $100 million from development partners in aid of critical infrastructures. Fayemi said some development partners have visited the state on how best they can collaborate with his administration in the areas of investment and economic empowerment for the people of the state. The governor disclosed this while rendering account of his stewardship and receiving feedback from chairmen and secretaries of community development associations and town unions in his hometown, Isan-Ekiti. Represented by the Deputy Governor, Chief Bisi Egbeyemi, Fayemi said his administration has injected some valuable inputs into the system to make Ekiti marketable to local and foreign investors. A statement signed by the Special Assistant (Media) to the Deputy Governor, Odunayo Ogunmola, revealed that the community leaders at the forum hailed Fayemi for touching every nook and cranny of the state with visible projects that have made life easier for residents. The governor disclosed that from the beginning of the year 2020, the state will witness massive construction of rural roads in a bid to tackle one of the problems militating against agriculture and rural development, one of the five pillars of his administration. Fayemi told the elated representatives of communities that a total of 1,000 kilometres of rural roads will either be reconstructed of rehabilitated while dredging of waterways for erosion control is already ongoing. Fayemi explained that the state had witnessed the commissioning of 36 projects through the support of the World Bank with an affirmation to complete all other projects within the allotted scope of time. He said: “On the economic situation of the state, this administration has taken a pragmatic approach by engaging and partnering development agencies and multinational organisations with a view to getting them to invest in our state. BREAKING: Buhari meets Chairman of Governors’ Forum, Fayemi,… We are boosting our economy through agriculture ― Fayemi We won’t rig Saturday’s LG poll ― Fayemi Appeal Court Verdict: Fayemi Congratulates Olujimi, says… ALSO READ: Wike rejects PDP’s reconciliation moves, calls for Dickson’s resignation “To boost our infrastructure development, efforts are in top gear to attract a sum of $100 million to be invested in some critical infrastructure that are important to the acceleration of the socio-economic development of our dear state. “For example, Promasidor has taken over Ikun Dairy Farm, and this is expected to provide jobs for our youths, improve our internally generated revenue and enhance the socio-economic standard of our people. “To realising our dream of optimising the full potential of our relationship with development partners, we have paid huge counterpart funds to many agencies, which has culminated to tremendous support that we have received, while others are under processing for Ekiti development.” Fayemi, while soliciting for continuous cooperation on how to boost the Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) of the state, assured that his administration would continue to invest in participatory governance, social investments, knowledge economy, agricultural and rural development, and infrastructural and industrial development to move the State forward. Earlier, the Commissioner for Local Government and Community Development in the state, Prof. Adio Folayan explained that the forum was to give room for discussion on issues bothering on the development of the state. The commissioner commended Fayemi for running an open and transparent administration by creating an avenue where community leaders can directly relate with the governor and “hear about the journey so far from the horse’s mouth.” Folayan described the forum as the “beauty and benefit of the democratic system to have a platform where leaders of communities will freely share their views with the government without any fear of molestation.” He said Fayemi is committed to working assiduously round the clock to make sure that Ekiti is better than he met it and providing enabling environment for business to thrive and engagement of international organisations to assist the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!