OPERATIVES of the Oyo State Police Command have arrested an commercial motorcycle rider who abducted a woman with her five-year-old son, before raping the woman and severing the head of the boy. The police said that the crime was committed at the house of the suspect in Igbo-Ora community in Ibarapa Central Local Government Area of the state. Speaking while parading suspected criminals at the state police command headquarters, Eleyele, Ibadan, on Friday, the state Commissioner of Police, Mr. Shina Olukolu, said the woman, Bosede Jimoh (34) and her five-year-old son, Fadeyi Opeyemi Ramadan, had boarded a commercial motorcycle ridden by Gbenga Oduola (37) on December 8, but instead of taking them to their destination, he took them to his house, where he raped the woman and severed the head of the boy. The police boss said the suspect had unlawful carnal knowledge of the woman three times before day break. “The following day, December 9, the motorcyclist took the victim’s son to another room in the house where he beheaded him with a cutlass. “He confessed to have dumped the remains of the boy at a nearby bush beside his house, where they were recovered and deposited at the General Hospital mortuary for autopsy,” Olukolu said. However, speaking with Saturday Tribune, the suspect, Oduola, while admitting to the crime, said he only wanted to marry the woman. He said while he was conveying the woman and her child, he decided to woo her and she agreed. Bode George to Makinde: Use current opportunity to heal old… Two Nigerians shortlisted for Africa  engineering innovation… This Christmas, eat the beach! How to cope with unforgiving spouse/partner? “I then took her to my house where we had sex. I didn’t know why I beheaded the boy. “I didn’t abduct them; I made love advances to the woman and she agreed, so I took them home. “She had even agreed to marry me but I didn’t know why I killed the boy; it was the devil’s work.” Oduola said he had previously married two women but the two had left him and that was why he became desperate to marry another woman. The police also nabbed a man with 373 live cartridges at Challenge area in Ibadan. Olukolu said the suspect and his accomplice were travelling on a motorcycle at Challenge area on December 22, when a team of police patrol officers decided to stop. “Immediately they were stopped, one of the suspects jumped down from the okada and escaped, while Mustapha Saheed was arrested.” The police boss said upon interrogation, the suspect confessed to being an arms dealer and that the ammunition recovered were smuggled into Nigeria from a neighbouring country. Olukolu said all the suspects would be charged to court upon completion of investigation into their cases.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!