Abductors of the two Catholic priests in Ondo State have demanded the sum of N100 million to secure the freedom of the two priests. The kidnappers were said to have contacted the church for the ransom for the release of the  Catholic priests who were kidnapped on Friday evening. The two priests, Rev. Fr. Joseph Nweke and Rev. Fr. Felix Efobi from Awka Catholic Diocese were kidnapped on Benin-Owo Expressway at Elegbeka area of Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State, while on their way to Akure, for a wedding ceremony billed to take place on Saturday. Confirming the development, the Director of Media and Communications of the Ondo Catholic Diocese, Rev. Fr. Leo Aregbesaola said that the abductors had called and demanded the ransom. ALSO READ: We have recorded huge success in HIV control ― Oyo health commissioner Gunmen abduct two Catholic priests in Ondo Octogenarian crushed to death in Ondo Ondo driver’s killing: Alleged killer cop  declared… Robbers kill night guard  in Ondo He said: “I was told from their parish today that the abductors have contacted the church and they were demanding a ransom of N100million. That is the latest for now. They have not been released.” The state Police Public Relations Officer, (PPRO), Mr Femi Joseph, said the state Commissioner of Police has ordered the men of the command to comb the forest in the area and go after the hoodlums. He said the command had begun an investigation and assured that detectives from the command will bring the perpetrators of the crime to book. He said: “We have moved in our men to go after the bandits. In this type of operation, we are being very careful because we want a situation that the victims would be rescued unhurt. So we are working on it. “We are also employing scientific means to search for the hoodlums and I want to assure you that the victims would be rescued and reunited with members of their families without being hurt. Very soon the abductors would be arrested.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!