Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has enjoined the Chinese business community in the state to strengthen the good relationship with people of the state to promote the existing commercial activities. He made the call during the meeting of Founding Congress of Chinese Business Community Association of Nigeria, held at the Central Hotel, in Nasarawa Local Government Area. “It has been known for long that Kano has a very good relationship with Chinese Community and Chinese Government in general and that is why we even signed sister agreement with Shandong Province in the Republic of China,” Ganduje pointed out. He noted that the Chinese Business Community forms the largest number of foreign nationals that reside in the state, hence the need for them to collaborate with the state indigenes in seeing that they build a strong relationship. His words: “In our own part, the government would be committed to seeing that this relationship is maintained and even improved for the future of both the community.” The governor who congratulated the Chinese Business Community for the successful conduct of the meeting expressed optimism that issues to be discussed at the meeting would be of economic benefit to Kano and Nigeria at large. In his remark, the Emir of Kano, Malam Sanusi Lamido Sanusi II who is the Chairman Kano Economic Advisory Committee, represented by the Sarkin Shanun Kano Alhaji Shehu Muhammad Dankadai announced that the economic committee was created in 2017 by Kano State Governor, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje as a result of Kano’s delegation visit to China under the invitation of the Chinese People Association for friendship to foreign countries. “During this visit, our delegation experienced the Chinese cultural heritage, hence we requested for that visit to incorporate our economic activities so that Kano can benefit the progress China has made in the last 40 years of economic development,” he revealed. BREAKING: Court stops Ganduje from creating Kano State… Kaduna Appeal Court upholds Ganduje’s election,… Customs seize N210 million contrabands in Kano, Jigawa Kano Police rescues 4-yr-old from kidnappers who demand… ALSO READ: Our free education policy doesn’t cover WAEC/NECO payment ― Oyo govt Malam Sanusi added that since then, the committee had been to China three times from the year 2017 to 2019, stressing that “it is our hope another delegation will leave for China early next year 2020.” Earlier, the Wakilin Mutanen China in Kano who is also the President, Chinese Business Community Association in Nigeria, Mike Zhang acknowledged that for over 2000 years, Kano is the centre of Hausa people and centre of the Nigeria economy and transport which has the potential of big markets. He said, “Kano people are friendly, so all our people who have been in Kano for many years see Kano as their second home town.” He reiterated the commitment of the Chinese Community to work with the state government towards promoting the economic sector of the state for the benefit of its teeming populace. Zhang, however, thanked the Emir of Kano for turbanning him as Wakilin Mutanen China in Kano. “This honour is a demonstration of trust on everybody here. I will carry this responsibility as my fellow Chinese will join hands together since it is not only an honour for me but an honour for all the Chinese living in Kano, in the North and even in Nigeria,” he maintained. It could be recalled that the administration of Governor Ganduje had recently sent a powerful delegation to Shandong Province in China led by the Deputy Governor, Dr Nasiru Yusuf Gawuna during which an MoU was signed to enhance mutual investment relationship. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!