In an emergency plenary, the Oyo State House of Assembly on Monday evening unveiled the names of caretaker Chairmen designates for the 33 local government areas and 35 local council development areas of Oyo State. Reeling the names as contained in a letter addressed to the Assembly by Governor Seyi Makinde, Speaker of the Assembly, Honourable Adebo Ogundoyin said processes leading to confirmation of the Chairmen was billed to be concluded on Wednesday. While announcing that screening of the Chairmen designates will commence on Tuesday, Ogundoyin added that names of Secretary and five members of the caretaker committee of each local government area would follow. The Chairmen designates include Olumuyiwa Ayobami, Akinyele East LCDA; Kazeem Gbadamosi, Lagelu West LCDA; Olaide Popoola, Oluyole LG; Saka Abiona, Ido LG; Ibrahim Akintayo, Ibadan North East LG; Mrs Kehinde Eboda, Ibadan South East LG; Obanowo Olugbenga, Ibarapa East LG; Okediji Daniel, Ibarapa North LG; Sarafadeen Olaoniye, Ibarapa Central LG. Others are Okeleye Joseph, Afijio LG; Akindele Sunday, Afijio West LCDA; Ibrahim Sulaimon, Atiba LG; Seun Olunloyo, Soro LCDA; Ibrahim Ajagbe, Ogbomoso North LG; Seun Adeyinka, Ogbomoso Central LCDA; Moruf Gbadamosi, Surulere LG; Wahab Kareem, Oriire North LCDA; Makanjuola Joel, Atisbo South LCDA; Yakub Adesola, Oorelope LG; Ojo Akintola, tesiwaju LG; Adeniran Ramat, Saki East LG; Sunday Busayo, Ifeloju LCDA; Adeleke Tajudeen, Wewe LCDA. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Abducted Delta Catholic priest regains freedom Only true federalism can solve Nigeria’s problems ―… Dehumanisation of Nigerians is resonant to situation… Yuletide: Lagos, Ogun will be crime-free ― AIG Zone 2 ICPC gets final forfeiture order against 25 properties… Meanwhile, the Oyo state government, on Monday, began the distribution of 100,000 copies of compendium of past questions in 10 subjects for SS3 students, calling on the students and teachers to reciprocate by having a much-improved result in the forthcoming external examination. Secretary to the state government, Mrs Olubamiwo Adeosun who did a symbolic presentation of the compendium, at the Western Hall, Secretariat, Ibadan, particularly tasked students on hard work, constant study and optimal use of the compendiums. Noting the huge role of teachers in achieving the desired result, Adeosun urged teachers to be punctual and regular at the intervention lessons organised for SS3 students. She cautioned the students against rough handling the books to enable handover of the books to another set of students. State Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Professor Dahud Shangodoyin, had in his remarks, said the 100,000 copies of compendium to be given free to students in public and private schools cost N170 million to produce. While enjoining the students to reciprocate by coming out in flying colours, Shangodoyin said the compendium was to enable students and teachers to be familiar with current questioning methods of terminal examination. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!