The House of Representatives on Monday raised the alarm over the incessant air crashes in the country leading to loss of lives innocent citizens and vowed to curb the ugly trend. The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon Femi Gbajabiamila raised the alarm in Abuja while declaring open the public investigative hearing organised by the House Committee on Air force on the incessant non- combatant related Air crashes by the Nigerian Air Force. Hon Gbajabiamila who was represented by the Acting Leader of the House, Hon Peter Akpatason declared that the House would do everything humanly possible in order to forestall the repeat of such embarrassing and ugly incidents in the future. According to him, “regrettably, in recent times, the Nigerian Air Force has been witnessing incessant air crashes. Between the years 2015 and 2019, there have been, at least, 8 air crashes in various Nigerian states that have endangered lives and property. ALSO READ: P&ID: Court dismisses Nolan’s plea for bail variation “As joint partners, we are determined to proffer lasting solutions to this problem. Promised on the above, a member of the House moved this motion; “Need to Investigate the Incessant Non-Combatant Related Air Crashes by the Nigerian Air force.” Hon Gbajabiamila assured that the House would do everything possible to improve the abilities of security agencies to deal with challenges and prepare for future threats. Declare state of emergency on country’s education,… Reps Minority will insist on full implementation of 2020… House of Reps pledge speedy passage of aviation bills Reps pass 2020 budget of 10trn “We have decided, through legislative impetus to allow for investments, innovation, and growth with a firm and more active role in the management of Nigeria’s national security architecture “Consequently, the House elected to work with relevant national security agencies to determine the present needs and provide funding for recruitment, training, and equipment for a dynamic and proactive security apparatus, in this case -air power”. He also hinted that the House would address the issue of compensation for the victims of the crashes. Speaking earlier, Chairman, House Committee on Air force, Hon Shehu Mohammad Koko stated that the investigation was pursuant to the House Resolution HR.195/11/2019. According to him, the committee was carrying out the investigation based on its responsibilities as contained in Sections 88 and 89 of the Nigerian Constitution 1999 as amended in addition to “Order 18 Rule 13 (1&2) of the House of Representatives Standing Orders. He assured that the House would do justice to the enormous task before it after due consultations with all stakeholders in finding lasting solution to the incessant clashes in the country. In his brief remarks, the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadiq Baba Abubakar commended the House of Representatives and its Committee on Air Force for their support to the Nigerian Air force. The Air Force boss who noted that the Nigerian Air Force was doing everything humanly possible to ensure its Officers and Men fly safely stated that despite all odds, the Nigerian Air Force has the best quality of training. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!