When and how did you get into the fashion business? I started the business when I was a bit younger. I bought my first machine in 1972. I didn’t start the business then; I just bought it because I knew I had a flair for fashion. I was inspired by my mother. The business started while I was still in service, I have retired now. I went to a fashion school. Nikky Africana, Lagos. I retired in 2013 and by 2014, I was into it full time.  I am a member of Medium and Small Scale Enterprise, Lagos, CFAO CANADA, Nigerian American Chamber of Commerce. I have international accreditation.  What were the challenges you faced when you ventured into fashion fully? When you retire, you would think two plus two equals four but it doesn’t always work that way. The challenges I faced were how to enter into the fashion market, how to get clients, how to source for funds and how to get the necessary information about the business. Government is paramount in any business one engages in because of its policies which can affect what you do. In fashion, for instance, we import fabrics, if there is a ban on importation, increase in foreign exchange, it will affect your business. Also, the cost of production is so high and that is why things that are produced abroad are cheaper than the ones produced in Nigeria. Hence, the reason some prefer to buy imported goods. Most of the time, we run on generator and per litre of diesel was about N300.00 at a time, all these expenses would be part of the production cost. Getting a competent hand to work with you is another great challenge. As someone who is just starting, you would want to employ experienced hands. In Lagos here, many of them usually want to earn more than what a master’s degree holder is earning.  We have tailors earning N250, 000 per month in Lagos and you will still provide accommodation for them. How can a starter cope with that? All these are the challenges that one faces in business. When going into business in Nigeria, you have to be determined if not, you will be discouraged by everything around you. But once you are determined, you will succeed in the end.  How have you been coping with competition in the industry? Everyday, people enter into the fashion industry so the competition is so high. The best way to cope is for you to put value on what you are doing. You also need to attend shows so you can see what others are doing and how you can improve on what you are doing. Once you have been able to carve a niche for yourself, look for ways to add value to what you do, advise your customers on the best outfit for them, how they can combine their colours and so on. Listen to your customers, they are always right. You cannot be too perfect, when you make mistakes, you must make amends. Be knowledgeable about what is happening on the international fashion scene because we imbibe some of their trends into ours. You need to also be knowledgeable about the fabrics you are using. I am a registered exporter with the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC). Going from one country to another, they have their own fashion trends and policies, if you don’t meet up with their requirements, you will not be able to export your goods to those countries. Your goods will be scrutinised and verified before they could be imported.  You must be able to tell them about the source of your fabric, the texture and so on. You need to know all these things if you want to export your goods abroad and that was why we were given all these rudiments of export shipping. The competition is high, it is the value you put on your own that will stand you out.  What distinguishes your design from those of your competitors? What stands us out include our honesty, neatness, fitting and excellence in what we do. We go the extra mile to add value to whatever style you pick so that when you wear it people would complement you and ask you where you made it. We also listen to our customers because their words attest for us.  Electricity workers shut down power installation, DisCos and… Go for excellence, Adeleke varsity VC charges fresh students Ghana, Nigeria top list of markets to watch for key project… Blackout in Osun as NUEE shuts down transmission facility of… How easy was it for you to combine the home front with your career and business? As I said, I started fashion while still working but because I was in the personnel department, it was not too difficult to combine the two. I was able to manage my time. Time management is one of the important things in business and career.  Where do you get inspirations for your designs? I get inspirations from everywhere; go to shows, trade fairs, magazines, conferences, books, bottles, jewellery, nature, looking at scenery and from people around you. You can sleep, wake up and get inspirations.  Everything around you is speaking fashion so you can pick inspiration from anything and anywhere.  You must be ready to learn at anytime. When you see someone wearing a style, you can look at it and get inspiration from there. There is no specific place or time that you cannot get inspired to create new designs.  What is your assessment of the Nigerian fashion industry? The Nigerian fashion industry is doing great. Nigerian designers are making their marks even on the international fashion scene. We have gone very far in fashion, everyday, designers are inspired to make beautiful pieces and the internet is there to showcase them. People are thinking fast and coming up with exquisite designs. Nigerian designers cannot be pushed behind anywhere in the world. Though the government still needs to put some things in place for us so that we can have an enabling environment for our businesses to thrive. Government should put in place policies that will make it easier for us to source for fabrics abroad and they should also produce us with electricity supply.  What advice do you have for young people? Young people should identify their passions and have a goal of what they want to achieve with it. They should acquire knowledge about what they want to do. Know government policies about it. Know the culture of the people you would be dealing with, how to access fund and also get mentors and role models. Have an open mind and be willing to learn from others. Start with what you have, don’t start with a loan. Go one step after the other, don’t be in a hurry to get to the top. If you do, you will fall heavily.  Make good use of the social media, use it to blow your own trumpet. Honesty and integrity are important in business. As a young designer, don’t start and make it a habit to disappoint customers, always deliver on. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!