A Lagos/Owerri bound aircraft belonging to Air Peace airline yesterday suffered a security breach in the hands of a man who attempted to gain access to the aircraft through its wheel-well at the Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos. Confirming this in a statement issued by the spokesperson of the airline, Mr Stanley Olisa, the management of the airline explained how the incident happened “when exactly at 9:10 am, the Lagos/Owerri bound aircraft with flight number P47252 was taxiing towards the threshold for take-off when a man in his twenties emerged from the bush along the runway and tried to gain access to the aircraft through the wheel-well. ALSO READ: BREAKING: NLNG takes Final Investment Decision for Train 7 Project According to the airline, “there was a private jet behind the Air Peace aircraft. The pilot in the command of the private jet informed the Air Peace pilot in command that a young man obviously in his twenties, was trying to force his way into the aircraft. At this point, the security wing of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria ((FAAN) was alerted and the man who was at once accosted and whisked away was taken to the custody of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA).” During his interrogation, the intruder claimed that he thought the aircraft was heading overseas. The regulatory body including the Accident Investigation Bureau has commenced an investigation into the incident. While commending FAAN for its timely intervention, the airline management assured of its safety standard. Lagos, FBRA, others to rid Badagry of plastic waste Police detain Shina Peller for allegedly attacking station… Yuletide: Lagos, Ogun will be crime-free ― AIG Zone 2 FAAN streamlines protocol activities at airports A similar incident reared its head a few months ago when an intruder later discovered to be a citizen of Niger Republic beat all security network at the Lagos airport to not only gained access to the airport but climbed the wing of an Azman aircraft which was taxiing off. The ability of the too many intruders to access the airport have been traced to the porosity of the Lagos airport. In its reaction, FAAN narrated how about 0850hrs of 27th December 2019, a young man of about 25yrs was sighted around the airfield by FAAN Aviation Security (AVSEC) personnel manning the Charlie One (C1) link/holding area. “In a swift response, the AVSEC personnel on static guard duties at the area rushed to stop his further movement towards a taxiing  Air Peace aircraft numbered APK 7252 and with the registration number(CSTQU) and a struggle ensued. All efforts to stop the intruder by the unarmed AVSEC personnel failed as the intruder continued to resist arrest. “While the struggle was ongoing, the AVSEC personnel called for reinforcement and alerted the pilot of CSTQU of the intrusion, and to delay the aircraft to allow for a successful apprehension of the intruder. “The intruder was eventually apprehended by the AVSEC personnel with the support of the reinforcement and has been taken into custody for investigations. The aircraft was also advised to return to base for necessary safety/ security inspections in line with standard procedure. Subsequently, The aircraft departed Lagos at 10:16, with 171 passengers, and 6 crew The Managing Director of FAAN in company with the Directors of Aviation Security services, and Airport operations, the Regional General Manager (SW) and the Airport Chief of Security (MMA), inspected the site of the incident and discussed with the Captain of the aircraft, who commended the action of the Aviation Security team. According to the FAAN MD, “It was timely and professional in protecting the flight as he was not even aware of any intrusion until they alerted him. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!