The underprivileged, physically-challenged and neglected were hosted at the annual giveback programme of the Care People Foundation, an initiative of the General Overseer of the Bible Way Crusader Church International, Reverend Paul Tunde Tioluwani, last Sunday. The event afforded them to showcase their talents and they also used the opportunity to glorify God to the admiration of dignitaries that attended the event. According to the organisers of the event, the initiative was part of the efforts to ensure that the underprivileged also experience and excitement of the Yuletide and also to have a sense of belonging in the country. Highlights of the event were musical presentations by the physically-challenged children from various homes, presentations of gifts and certificates to granduands of the free computer training programme. PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens The convener, Reverend Tioluwani, also led other dignitaries to donate wheelchairs to 10 physically-challenged, sewing machines, grinding machines, bags of rice and financial assistance. As part of the event to mark this year’s programme, the management of the Care People Foundation inaugurated a dormitory to house more underprivileged in the state. Speaking on the importance of the initiative, a member of the management board, Mr Olamitoye Habeeb of the Ibadan Central Hospital, noted that the foundation had impacted the lives of the underprivileged positively. In his remarks, the chairman on the occasion, Benjamin Obada, commended the convener on his passion for the underprivileged in the country, just as he charged the government at all levels and all well-meaning Nigerians to emulate him. Reverend Tioluwani noted that his passion in putting smiles on the faces of the underprivileged and physically-challenged was divine and that he was delighted that many lives have been restored through the initiative. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!