Church of Christ in All Nation (COCIN) has condemned the level of kidnapping and banditry in Nigeria and called on the government at all levels including security agencies to address the situation and also find solution to the activities of herdsmen who go about to destroy people’s farms. This was contained in a communique issued by the church at the end of its 97th General Church Council meeting held at the Church of Christ of All Nation in Jos, Plateau State, on Saturday and signed by its President, Reverend (Dr.) Dachollom Datiri and General Secretary,  Reverend (Dr.) Amos Mohzo. It lamented the continuous increase of corruption which has eaten deep into the fabric of the country despite the promises by the Federal Government to eradicate it and called on the government to do all it takes to ensure the release of Leah Sharibu who has remained in the hands of Boko Haram since February 19 2018. Afe Babalola backs border closure, says measure in interest… NYSC DG tasks corps members on religious tolerance Senator Ubah bags Distinguished Service Award Kogi West: Oshiomhole congratulates Senator Adeyemi Earlier in his address during the opening ceremony, Datiri enjoined both the federal and Plateau State governments to address the lingering problems confronting the IDPs in the state. “Victims of man’s inhumanity to man that occurred in many parts of Plateau State last year and especially in Barkin-Ladi Local Government Area remain in their sorry predicament. Their situation is made worse by the fact that individuals and NGOs that used to offer assistance have all become tired,” he said According to him, the spate of  kidnappings and attacks on innocent villagers in the country was alarming and expressed disappointment that the trend has continued  u without any cogent approach to  address the menace. “The rate, frequency and widespread  coverage of kidnappings and armed robbery we are witnessing today in Nigeria has reached an alarming and very disturbing proportion. A cloud of uncertainty regarding our lives covers the entire nation and yet, government is acting as if nothing is wrong,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!