The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has described the Accountant General of the Federation as a frustrated ‘account clerk’ over the refusal of ASUU members to enrol into the Integrated Personnel and Payroll Information System. ASUU revealed that the AGF had in a letter dated 2 December 2019 and signed by Ahmed Idris, advised some Vice-Chancellors who are yet to enrol on the IPPIS to do so on or before 6 December failure of which will attract appropriate sanctions. The union condemns the Accountant General of the Federation for threatening to sanction Vice-Chancellors who have refused to enrol into what it called ’fraud platform’. ALSO READ: We won’t rig Saturday’s LG poll ― Fayemi The Chairman University of Ibadan Chapter of ASUU, Professor Deji Omole stated that it was unfortunate that Vice Chancellors have become errand boys that will now be threatened by an ‘account clerk’. Invest in girl-child education, encourage women… Police, declaring Nnamdi Kanu’s lawyer wanted, a plot… Women march to demand justice for slain PDP woman leader Outrage as #Moradeun, lady stabbed by robbers, dies after… According to Omole, “the threat against VCs was an indication of the massive failure being recorded by the government with lecturers not enrolling into the system.” Omole stated that it is unfortunate that the likes of Ahmed Idris whose office have continued to extort public University Bursars via unlawful kickbacks is the one claiming he wants to use IPPIS to ensure transparency and accountability. The ASUU boss who hailed some Vice-Chancellors who refused to be enslaved added that woe to a nation where intellectuals become errand boys to those who cannot pass ICAN. “It is a very sad development for any nation having the likes of Idris as the chief accountant of the nation. It takes someone with scholarship to appreciate scholars.” Omole stated maintained that the Union has made useful suggestions to the federal government but stated that Nigerian intellectuals would not be turned to errand boys of corrupt civil servants. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!