The Acting Executive Secretary of the Nigeria Christian Pilgrim Commission (NCPC), Mrs Esther Kwaghe has said that pilgrimage provides the opportunity to reposition the destiny of Nation through prayers. Kwagbe who disclosed at a prayer convocation in Jerusalem on Sunday affirmed that the need to pray for our nation at the moment cannot be overemphasised. According to her, “pilgrimage provides us a platform to see and meet God personally as we connect with the physical realities on sites of the things we heard and read in the Bible about the words of God. Kwaghe admonished the pilgrims to take advantage of this year’s convocation prayer to worship God and build fellowship with one another. She urged them to pray for the nation, her leaders and their loved ones. The Federal Commissioner representing North Central Zone on the Board of the NCPC, Rev Israel Akanji, who represented the Acting Executive Secretary,. prayed that the church in Nigeria should be modelled after the worship Jesus had during his baptism in river Jordan. He stressed that the church should be a place known to preach repentance. “the church must stand to preach against what is wrong.” Stop negotiating with kidnappers, NCPC boss urges Nigerians NCPC tasks leaders to invest in entrepreneurial development… Despite challenges, Nigerian will thrive ― NCPC Boss NCPC airlifts 334 pilgrims to Isreal, others, warns against… ALSO READ: Bandits who invaded Kogi fomenting trouble ― Government Rev. Akanji explained that a model church should be a place of surprises and there must be mutual humility. “The kind of church we want in Nigeria is the one that must be humble.” He prayed that God will give Nigeria humble servants of God. The NCPC Board member averred that God would help the church to be what it should be so that Nigeria would move from glory to glory. Prayers were offered for Nigeria church, advancement of the gospel, development and leadership, nation-building and service. This prayer is one of the series of convocation that the commission has conducted since the commencement of this year’s pilgrimage on December 1, 2019.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!