No fewer than 447 pensioners have received cheques for their gratuities from the state government since the inception of the present administration in the state. The Executive Secretary, Pension Transitional Arrangement Department(PTAD) Mr Afolabi Adebiyi who disclosed this while distributing gratuity cheque to another set of 62 pensioners in Ado-Ekiti added that the gesture was a clear demonstration of the Dr Kayode Fayemi’s commitment to the welfare of the retirees and the elderly in the state. He noted that with the commitment of the Fayemi-led administration to the welfare of the pensioners and payment of gratuities saw to the increase of the money allocated for settlement of gratuity from 10 million to 100 million monthly. He assured that the government was doing everything possible for all retirees to get their entitlements as soon as they bow out of service. Ekiti varsity lecturer protests dismissal over sexual… Fayose lied over selling of our secretariat ― Ekiti PDP Ekiti to spend N2bn to revamp ailing Ikun dairy farm Fayemi announces partnership with Promasidor on $5m dairy… ALSO READ: Lagos concerts: Accidents waiting to happen ” The issue of outstanding gratuities will soon become a forgone issue and retirees will soon begin to take their gratuity as soon as they leave the service,” he said. The Executive Secretary who advised beneficiaries to beware of fraudsters and keep their bank details including BVN urged them to engage in profitable ventures with their gratuities. The Chairman of Nigeria Union of Pensioners(NUP) in the state Mr Ayo Kumapayi commended the management of Ekiti State Pension Transitional Arrangement Department for the timely payment of gratuities to the senior citizens. Kumapayi charged the pensioners to place more priority on their health, promising that the union would continue to improve on the welfare of members. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!