Almost a week after the Supreme Court pronounced Mr Dapo Abiodun as the duly elected governor of Ogun State, candidate of Allied People’s Movement (APM) in the 2019 governorship election in the State, Abdulkabir Adekunle Akinlade, has led thousands of his supporters back to the All Progressive Congress (APC). Akinlade and his supporters left the APC to form APM following what they described as irregularities in the party primary which produced Dapo Abiodun as the party’s candidate. His decision and that of his supporters to return to the APC is coming after losing the legal battle challenging the election of Mr Dapo Abiodun as governor of Ogun State right from the election petition tribunal to the apex court. ALSO READ: NGOs encouraged to seek funding internally Edo factional APC chairman slams Obaseki over refusal of… Buhari congratulates APC governors on Supreme Court… Ogun APC cautions aggrieved leaders, members against using… APC mourns Imo Senator, Benjamin Uwajumogu Akinlade, while addressing his supporters at the APM secretariat in Abeokuta noted that the move became imperative following series of talks with party leaders and other stakeholders on the need to make a return to the party which they all built together. Akinlade, a former member of the House of Representatives who was welcomed by a mammoth crowd at the APM secretariat told his supporters that the outcome of the legal tussle must be seen as an act of God. He stated further that: “At the stakeholders meeting which held on Sunday, 22nd of December, 2019 in Abeokuta by leaders, elders and members of our great party, APC,  it was agreed that it is time for those of us who left the APC to contest the elections under the platform of Allied People’s Movement (APM) to return to the fold. “As loyal party members, we accepted and wish to use this opportunity to thank them for allowing us to explore our aspirations even when it came at great political and personal cost. “ SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!