THE University of Ibadan has announced the promotion of additional 19 members of its academic staff to the professorial cadre and 54 others to other grades. Professor Abel Idowu Olayinka, in a statement he personally issued on Friday, after a meeting of the Appointments and Promotions Committee for Academic Staff at the University of Ibadan, said nine people were promoted to full Professor and 10 to the grade of Reader. Among those promoted to the post of Professor are wife of the Oyo State deputy governor, Amudalat Olaniyan of the Department of Agronomy and R. A. Animashaun of the Department of Guidance and Counselling. Other newly promoted full professors are Drs Olajumoke Morenikeji from the Zoology Department; T. O. Ososanya, Animal Science; Olufunke Ola-Davies, Veterinary Physiology and Biochemistry, and A. E. Orimadegun of the Institute of Child Health. Others are Drs R. A. Sanusi of the Human Nutrition Department; S. T. Ogunbanwo and A. A. Ogunjobi of the Department of Microbiology. $1.2m Malabu oil scandal: EFCC secures court order to detain… N40.6bn export goods depart Lagos port in 2019-Customs US moves against Nigeria over rights violation Okada rider abducts, rapes woman, kills her 5-yr-old son in… Those promoted to the grade of Reader are Drs V. O. Lasebikan of the Department of Psychiatry; Folake Samuel, Human Nutrition; A. M. Alabi of the Department of Urban and Regional Planning; J. O. Arowosegbe, Political Science; O. A. Adebiyi of Animal Science Department and O. O. Adeoluwa of the Department of Agronomy. Other newly promoted Readers are Drs F. O. Akinyemi of Wildlife and Ecotourism Management Department; G. F. Ibironke of Physiology Department; Airen E. Adetimirin of the Library, Archival and Information Studies Department; and Ruth O. Adio-Moses of the Institute of Peace and Strategic Studies. Two members of the academic staff were promoted from Assistant Lecturer to Lecturer Grade II; 25 from Lecturer Grade II to Lecturer Grade I; 26 people were promoted from Lecturer Grade I to Senior Lecturer, and one person was promoted from Senior Librarian to Principal Librarian. The vice chancellor has since congratulated the newly promoted members of staff. With the new development, the University of Ibadan now has a total of 262 full professors and 85 Associate Professors/Readers, making a total of 347 academic members of staff in the professorial cadre. “We send warm congratulations to all our colleagues for their well-deserved elevation to the respective grades. We equally wish them the best in their career,” Professor Olayinka said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!