The member representing Ikwo/Ezza South Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, Hon. Chinedu Ogah has indicated his support for the N37 billion appropriated by the Federal Government for the renovation of National Assembly complex. According to Ogah, the renovation will assist the country to stabilize and also pass good and quality law in the hallowed chamber. Ogah disclosed this to journalists at his resident on Sunday while commending Federal Government for the availability of fuel commodity in the country during this year Christmas season. ALSO  READ: Mixed feelings in Sokoto over FG’s release of Dasuki, Sowore He then urged marketers not to sabotage the Federal Government by hoarding the commodity in this yuletide period. Lawan leads delegation on condolence visit to Benjamin… Reps grill NPA management over N5.1bn renovation contract Reps pass bill seeking for establishment of Fed College of… Reps pass bill seeking to make principal officers security… In his words: “Where you have 109 senators with their aides, you have 366 Reps members with their aides and other staff in that area. By the time the construction is done, you will see that the amount people are complaining about, you will see that the money is not even enough. “Electricity has not been stabilised and the National Assembly is still burning diesel. Part of the money is going to be used for alternative power supply and you know the cost of power. So, the budget is not bad at all, it is something that can help this country to stabilise. If the National Assembly is not properly taken care of, there is high tendency that there won’t be good laws,” he added. “This Christmas can only be interesting when there is availability of fuel in all the filling stations in the country unlike the previous ones. Any filling station that one enters should have fuel for motorists. He further urged the Christian faithfuls to be law abiding in this yuletide period, as it only through that they can be united and liberated. Ogah who is a month old in the House of Reps, following the restoration of his mandate by the tribunal and appellate courts urged his constituents to continue to support President Mohammadu Buhari’s administration to reposition the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!