Lawmakers of the National Assembly have commended the Federal Government for its revolutionary drive in the railway sector. This is even as the lawmakers hoped that the Lagos-Ibadan standard gauge rail line project would be commissioned in April 2020. The Joint Committee on Land Transport which comprises of the Upper and Lower Chambers of the National Assembly during their oversight inspection of the Lagos-Ibadan standard gauge rail line on Saturday assured Nigerians of unflinching supports to the President Muhammadu Buhari led administration. The Chairman, Senate Committee on Land Transport, Senator, Abdulfatai Buhari who led the delegation on inspection from Lagos to Abeokuta in Ogun state, expressed satisfaction over the ongoing project. Buhari while addressing Journalists at the ongoing Abeokuta train station said that the railway sector has justified the monies appropriated to it as enshrined in the 2019 budget. He noted that another fund had just been appropriated three days ago for further work and that appropriation bill has been changed from January to December. ALSO READ: Ajanaku, a great politician, democrat ― Buhari According to Senator Buhari, “our intention was to get to Ibadan but we couldn’t. However, the beauty of it all is that the train has been taken people freely from Lagos to Ibadan. OAU lecturer dies in office Buhari condoles with UAE President over brother’s death Bonnke’s death, great loss to Nigeria ― Buhari Ajanaku, a great politician, democrat ― Buhari This idea of free train ride is to ameliorate the suffering of our people especially during this festive period where our people would want to go home for Xmas or New Year celebration. “We are looking at April 2020 for the official commissioning of the Lagos-Ibadan standard gauge rail line and as soon as possible, Ibadan-Kano axis will begin. The project that was initially pegged for three years has been achieved within two years, this is a reflection of good governance and better administration. “Rail system will serve as an alternative to road transport and it will expand the life span of the Nigerian roads. “This project was extended from Ebute Meta to Apapa and Tin Can seaport and by this time next year, we would start the Eastern zone from Port-Harcourt to Maiduguri.” Sen Buhari also noted that the ongoing Lagos-Ibadan standard gauge rail line, Itakpe-Warri rail and completed Abuja-Kaduna rail has added values to the transportation system in Nigeria and believed would add to the economic development of the country upon completion. The Managing Director of the Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC), Engr Fidet Okhiria explained that the next time the committee members would visit the project, the journey will begin from Agege area of Lagos state due to ongoing works. It would be recalled that the minister of transport, Rotimi Amaechi had last week declared free train ride along Lagos-Ibadan gauge rail line. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!