The member representing Jos South/ Jos East Federal Constituency of Plateau State, Hon. Dachung Musa Bagos condemned the recent abduction of some indigenes of the state especially that of a Medical Aide worker with Alliance for international Medical Action Miss Jennifer Ukambong Samuel by Boko Haram In the North East. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Friday, the lawmaker called for immediate action to be taken by the Federal Government to facilitate the release of the victims great Plateau citizens who were abducted in the North East. ALSO READ: Foundation donates 4,300 bags of rice to APC supporters in Anambra According to him, ” am deeply saddened by this situation where Plateau citizens are being abducted, and the recent is that of a Medical Aide worker with Alliance for international Medical Action Miss Jennifer Ukambong Samuel. Plateau to collaborate with FG to secure release of abducted… Plateau PDP demands election in four LGs President Buhari has demonstrated unparalleled leadership in… Gunmen abduct two Catholic priests in Ondo “I plead for the immediate release of these innocent citizens of Plateau State who are mostly youths with professional callings and have dedicated themselves to working in the northeast to provide humanitarian help to victims of insurgency This is a sad moment that calls for immediate security and the Government’s attention, very unfortunate that   Ukambong, who is an orphaned, was kidnapped along with several others in a brutal ambush along Monguno-Maiduguri road on Sunday, 22nd December 2019, the day she was marking the 21st remembrance of her father’s demise. ” I want to join other spirited individuals by condemning this act of in inhumanity, I also pray that the Federal Government through the various security agencies will take immediate action to ensure the safe release of the innocent victims” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!