THE joyous roller coaster of celebration and fun berthed in the ancient city of Benin this week as another set of winners received what seemed like Christmas gifts from telecommunications giant, Globacom which has continued to keep its promise to its subscribers through its Recharge and Win Big promo popularly known as My Own Don Beta. The expansive grounds of New Market, Benin City was agog as one hundred and twenty winners who won in Benin from the draw done openly in Enugu one week before the event were slated to receive their prizes. It was the ninth presentation ceremony since the promo began in October when the debut presentation of prizes started in Ojuelegba in Lagos. It has since cascaded to other cities including Port Harcourt, Abuja, Ibadan, Kano, Onitsha, Jos and Enugu. Globacom’s Regional Manager, Mid-West, Augustus-ndu Offor, congratulated the Benin set of  winners, adding that the promo had touched the lives of hundreds of Glo subscribers in different parts of the country since it was launched. “The various inspiring stories winners shared of how the prizes have changed their lives are remarkably heartwarming. For many of the winners, the prizes are divine and timely. They are life savers. Hundreds of the winners in their tributes expressed optimism that the prizes won in our promo will significantly transform their lives,” he said. Offor assured the audience that all promos from Globacom are transparent, saying all the winners across the country emerged from a process witnessed by the general public, the media and representatives of the Nigeria Communications Commission (NCC) and the National Lottery Regulatory Commission (NLRC). Lending credence to Offor, Akhimien Osasuyi Blessing, a 400 Level Medical Laboratory student of the University of Benin who won a power generator said the notification from Globacom came as a pleasant surprise. “It was a huge surprise to win a generator. I feel so excited that I have won something from Glo for the first time. I will give the generator to my mother to use in the house. Now we can drink cold water and drinks, even if there is no light. Thank you, Glo,” she said. Freedom Osa Ogbahon, a civil servant and a Pastor, working with the Primary Health Care, Oredo Local Government Area also won a power generator. With smiles of joy coursing across his face, he enthused, “I am very happy and excited. I will use the generator in my new house. I am packing in this week and I did not make provision for electricity. This is a God sent and many thanks to Glo”. Hate Speech Bill: Senator Abdullahi adamant, says it will… After 28 years: Gov Bello inaugurates chapel in Kogi… Stop alleged auction of 24 seized tankers, petrol marketers… Over 10,000 less privileged people benefit from free health… In the same vein, a tricycle winner, Momoh Oyakhilome Sheu, who is a security guard with Uyi Technical, Mission Road said he also did not expect the winning. “I did not expect such a thing. I thank God for everything. I will use the Keke for transport business to support my salary”. Another keke winner who is a photographer, Amos Friday, also expressed excitement as he disclosed that he would be using the Keke for part-time transport business after close of work by 6.00 p.m. “I can still do some two hours and make extra money. With Glo, my own don beta”. For Adade Kenneth, a grinding machine winner, the prize is a miracle as it would be used for his business to generate more income to cater for his family. The baker and cake designer enthused that he was overjoyed and extremely delighted that Globacom had given him the prize. Winning an industrial machine is a dream come true for Aiguokhian Collins, a business man who deals in Plaster of Paris materials. Said he, “I am very happy and excited. I am planning to open a fashion business soon. This is empowerment from Glo and I intend to employ others too.” Also Zion Gabriel, graduate of Banking and Finance from Auchi Poly who won a Generator was full of praise to God and Globacom for the prize which he said was very timely in view of the current power situation in the country. According to Zion, “I am happy. I will use this generator because I could not afford to buy it. I will give it to my parents to use at home. This is my thank you gift to them.” Zonal Coordinator, Benin Office, National Lottery Regulatory Commission Anselm Ejiogu commended Globacom for organising the customer empowerment promo. He disclosed that the exercise was legitimate as Globacom is giving back to the society that has been supporting the company. “We are here to ensure that everything is done accordingly. All the winners will go home with their prizes. I congratulate Globacom on the promo which they know how to do best,” he posited. The prizes, consisting Keke (tricycles), grinding machines, generators and industrial sewing machines, were presented to winners at the Benin event which was witnessed by the Zonal Coordinator, Benin Office, National Lottery Regulatory Commission, Anselm Ejiogu; Head, New Benin Market, Mrs. Kehinde Ehondon; Coordinator, Commercial Tricycle Riders, Benin, Mr.  Okafor Samuel; Chairman, GSM Village, Benin, Mr. Aminu Abraham; ace comedian, Godwin Komone, aka Gordons, and Social Media Influencer, Brodashaggy. “My Own Don Beta” promo was launched by Globacom on 3rd October, 2019 with the aim of empowering Nigerians, particularly those at the bottom end of the pyramid, to win trade-establishment prizes that will enable them to set up business of their own. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!