Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Monday warned that government will not condone any form of disobedience to the laws of the state, vowing his government was resolved to mete harsh punishment on anyone who attacked men of the state’s law enforcement agencies in line of their duty. Governor Sanwo-Olu gave this stern warning at the residence of the late Ola Ganiyu Oyeshina – the slain officer of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), who died last Saturday after an attack on him by two trailer drivers in Sifax-Iganmu area of Apapa. The late Oyeshina, 34, hailed from Osun State and was said to be an orphan. ALSO READ: PTCIJ’s Dubawa commences ‘Week for Truth’ across Nigeria The Governor, who expressed displeasure over the gruesome murder of Oyeshina, said the incident of his unfortunate death was a wake-up call to all Lagosians, even as he described the attack on the LASTMA officer as “mindless and callous.” He vowed that the state government would “thoroughly prosecute” the arrested culprits in order to send a clear signal to those who had a penchant for attacking law enforcement agents in the line of duty. Task Force to auction 108 forfeited, abandoned vehicles LASG draws battle line with traffic, environmental offenders Police arraign 47 alleged homosexuals in Lagos Lagos commences payment of N35,000 minimum wage Nov 1 The governor, who expressed worries on why some members of the public would take pride in brutalising those working to make the society better and safe, vowed to make Lagos inhabitable for those inclined to disobey the state’s traffic laws. “In the last 48 hours, we’ve had heavy brutality on men of LASTMA who were doing their work. We’ve had people whose legs have been amputated in the last 48hours whilst on the assignment that was given to them to bring about enforcement of our laws and orders. “I think this is the level at which we need to make this very stern warning that we will not stop at ensuring that we implement and enforce our laws not minding which force is involved. Lagos will not condone people that will not obey our laws,” Sanwo-Olu said. “We cannot be condoning reckless killing and sending our young men to an early grave. This government certainly will not stand for that. “We are using this opportunity to tell people that Lagos wants to remain secure and safe for all of us,” he added. Members of the State Executive Council, including the Deputy Governor, Dr Obafemi Hamzat, were part of the delegation that visited Oyeshina family house in Surulere. Commissioner for Special Duties, Dr Wale Ahmed, led a short prayer session held for the deceased. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!