The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged Nigerians not to lose hope despite the tough economic times it blames on the four and half years of the All Progressive Congress (APC) administration. In a message saluting Nigerians on the occasion of this year’s Christmas, the main opposition party urged them to use the period to rededicate themselves to exhibiting the virtues of love, forgiveness and selfless service to others and the nation at large. The party posited that “though many Nigerians are hurting and are not able to celebrate Christmas and yuletide the way they use to do in the past due to the biting economic hardship of the last five years, they must keep hope alive by being one another’s keeper, particularly at a time like this.” ALSO READ: Christmas: Kwara Speaker preaches peace, sacrifice In a statement issued by its National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbodiyan, in Abuja on Tuesday, the party said it was deeply disturbed that most Nigerians were celebrating the season “under serious economic stress; many did not travel to celebrate with their loved ones because of pervading economic deprivations, insecurity and sorry state of our highways; many have become despondent, they have lost confidence in those who manage the affairs of our nation at the centre and it appears that there is no hope in sight.” Christmas: Gov Ishaku felicitates Christians Dasuki, Sowore release won’t change anything ― PDP Christmas: Buhari assures Nigerians of good tidings Kwara gov salutes Christians on Christmas It added: “However, in the midst of these challenges, Christmas offers a great lesson that all hope is not lost for us as a people and a nation. “The birth of Jesus Christ, at the manger, assures us that God has not given up on us; that no matter how long darkness, with its attendant oppression, economic repression, hunger, violence, abuse of rights and corruption in high places, may appear to endure, light will surely come to our nation as exemplified in the birth of the Saviour into the sinful world.” The party, therefore, urged Nigerians to remain united, share in love with one another and bring brotherly succour to those who lack, so that all will partake in the joy of this celebration. The PDP, however, tasks those at the helm of affairs of our nation to use the period for serious introspection and show concern to the people by being remorseful, reviewing all harsh and anti-people policies, the focus of governance and curtail their excesses so that Nigerians can benefit from our national God-given resources. It prayed for the stability and prosperity of the nation and wished all Nigerians a blissful Christmas and yuletide celebrations. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!