As part of its continuous quest to always avail its customers with unmatched products and services, Smile Communications, Nigeria’s leading broadband service provider, has introduced an innovative Voice and SMS only product dubbed, eSIMVoice. Early adopters, industry watchers and technology enthusiasts have hailed the latest product as “the future of seamless access”. An official statement from Smile Communications, disclosed that Smile eSIMVoice comes as a Free downloadable application and when activated, the consumer can enjoy 10 minutes free local calls, unlimited on-net calls and SMSs. The customers can also savour zero roaming charges, free on-net audio and video calls and the lowest call rates to any network. PHOTOS: Tribune’s Book Launch and #TribunePlatinumAwards… 22 former governors under probe, trial — Malami Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens The company advised that customers and prospective subscribers eager to enjoy its latest innovation to simply walk into any Smile shop, kiosk or contact an authorised dealer. The service, it said, comes with varying voice plan options that will suit every need. Notable among the Voice Plan options are SmileVoice Only plan for 65 minutes, which costs  N500, SmileVoice Only plan for 135 minutes, which goes for N1,000 and the SmileVoice Only plan for 430 minutes at a cost of N3,000; all the options have 30 days validity period each. To enable as many customers as possible to take advantage of this offer, Smile has simplified the process towards adopting and enjoying the new product. To activate the offer, the customer needs to buy a Smile eSIM, complete the mandatory KYC and get their assigned SmileVoice number. Thereafter, the customer will download the SmileVoice app from Google play or App store, click “get activation code”, enter their registered email address to get their activation code and follow other instructions. To make a call, the customer can simply launch their SmileVoice App, dial the number they wish to call and enjoy SuperClear voice calls. The Smile eSIMVoice adds to the long list of the company’s wide range of offers to its broad-based clientele. Indeed, Smile prides itself as provider of the authentic Fourth Generation-Long-Term Evolution (4G-LTE) mobile broadband in several Nigeria towns that include Ibadan, Lagos, Port Harcourt, Abuja, Kaduna, Asaba, Benin, Onitsha and a host of others. Smile’s overriding objective is to become the broadband provider of choice for SuperFast mobile broadband internet and SuperClearvoice services in each of its markets and to provide fast, reliable and high-quality broadband internet that will help greatly to accelerate development and wealth creation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!