FOR the umpteenth time, the president, Women in Aviation, Nigeria chapter, Mrs. Rejoice Ndudinachi, has declared that providing career role models is a powerful tool in helping people see the options life can offer. Speaking at this year’s Women in Aviation Annual Conference held in Abuja, Ndudinachi stated that one of the objectives of Women in Aviation Nigeria is to encourage the young ones to build up their future in aviation, and that the group pledges to pursue vigorously with all their resources. While emphasising the principle of catching them young, the Women in Aviation leader said this would help contribute immensely to the advancement of the aviation sector and the society in general. Speaking on the just-concluded 2019 annual conference, the Ndudinachi declared:, “It was a whole day event that featured a tour of airport facilities, including forecast office, aircraft familiarization etc. The prospective young aviators were also exposed to a lot of hands-on activities in the various aviation endeavors. Today we have about 18 aviation clubs in various schools.” Why Lagos Airport is yet to be certificated —NCAA Pakute politics in Oyo State Securing data against cyber attacks Expert says eating adequate proportion of onions can control… During this year’s conference, according to Ndudinachi, the group reached out to schools to sensitise students about career opportunities in aviation, thereby empowering them for better career choices. Special gifts were given to outstanding children to inspire them to pursue careers in the aviation Industry. While soliciting the unflinching support of all to enable the organization reach its goals to effectively CONNECT, ENGAGE and INSPIRE the next generation, the Women in Aviation president thanked its partners for their support over the years. The First Lady of Nigeria, Mrs Aisha Buhari, who was recognised with the Platinum award for her dedication and outstanding contributions to the development and uplift of women and the girl child while the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika, got the Man of the Year award. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!