The ongoing Local Government (LG) Elections in Adamawa has been described to be characterised with a lot of election irregularities in all the 21 LGAs in the state. Dr Hassan Musa Dabuto, the All Progressives Congress (APC) Chairman of Song LGA, lamented over the suspicious move by the State Independent Electoral Commission (ADSIEC) to have failed to move sensitive and non-sensitive election materials to the 161 polling units where the election have been scheduled to hold. Musa, who granted an interview with our correspondent in Yola, described the ongoing election to be a deliberate action by PDP, the ruling party, to disenfranchise thousands of people from the election process. He accused ADSIEC to have connived with the ruling party to sabotage the mandate of APC in Song. Dabuto, who is the ALGON Chairman of all the 21 LGAs under the APC, the opposition party, said it was a similar report they have been receiving from various LGAs, adding that materials have not been taken down to the polling units but kept and safeguard at the LGA headquarters. ALSO READ: Police deploy new CP to Adamawa for LG Election Police deploy new CP to Adamawa for LG Election SDP National Publicity Secretary joins APC We won’t rig Saturday’s LG poll ― Fayemi APC sweeps 22 chairmanship positions in Niger “As I’m talking to you right now, no materials either sensitive or non-sensitive has been transported to the polling units for the election to be conducted. “All we notice at the ADSIEC office in Song is that no Adhoc or any agents from other party has been called upon to sort or receive election materials, and the police bared anybody to go close to the materials but movement vehicles of PDP candidates are going in and out the office collecting materials to an undisclosed place,” he said. He, however, called on all APC loyalists to remain calm and peaceful as they cannot be disenfranchised for no just cost. “If our rights of voting cannot be guaranteed after huge promises by the government of the day and ADSIEC to conduct a very credible election, we don’t have an option than to go to court to seek redress,” he added Efforts to speak with the state Chairman, Adamawa independent Electoral commission (ADSIEC), Alhaji Isa Shettima, failed as his telephone rang severally without answering. It would be recalled that the Chairman had earlier assure the people of Adamawa state of peaceful poll, saying all materials would be transported to all LGAs for onward distribution to the polling units. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!