The Adamawa State government, member representing Yola North constituency, Hamidu Sajo Lekki, the district head of Jimeta Alhaji Inuwa Baba Paris as well as other stakeholders have commended the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) Boss Mustapha, for the various developmental strides he is bringing to the state. The stakeholders made the commendation Saturday in Yola during the inauguration of a computer centre, borehole, and empowerment scheme which the SGF facilitated in Nasarawo Primary School, Yola, the SGF’s former primary school. They particularly commended the SGF for giving back to society by supporting education, the supply of clean water, and initiating empowerment programmes, urging other prominent sons and daughters of Adamawa to emulate him. Also speaking, some elders in Yola, Abdulrahman Adamu, Phineas Elisha, and Baba Lautai, extolled some of the SGF’s virtues, which endeared him to the people of Adamawa irrespective of tribe and religion. In his remarks, the District Head of Jimeta area of Yola metropolis, Inuwa Baba-Paris, who also commended the SGF for his contribution to the development of the state, narrated how the SGF rebuilt his office that was gutted by fire six years ago. ALSO READ: Ongoing strike at Ojukwu Teaching Hospital may become permanent, doctors warn “For six years after my office got burnt, I had to operate in my house hoping on empty promises until Boss Mustafa intervened. SGF charges political office holders to be accountable Ebonyi govt set aside over N1b to empower widows, youths,… Buhari committed to lifting 100 million Nigerians out of… UPDATE: Buhari reappoints Boss Mustapha, Abba Kyari, others “And today I have a beautiful office with a conference hall and borehole,” Mr Baba-Paris said. Commenting, Mustafa, advised the youth in Adamawa State to embrace education, hard work, patriotism, and discipline to facilitate their success in life. It was gathered that the primary school has a lasting impression in the life of the SGF being a former pupil of the school and where his father, late Baba Wesley Mustafa served as the longest headmaster. Mr Mustafa said with education, the right attitude, and hard work, the youths would be able to achieve their dreams in life. “If the son of a headmaster like me can rise to be the SGF, any youth can aspire to any position. “We have many children of the poor, who passed through this school to become big men today in a society based on their hard work, discipline, and the blessing of God. “Therefore, any youth, no matter his background, can rise to be somebody,” Mustafa said. He assured the people of Nasarawo Ward and citizens of the state of his commitment to giving back to the society from which he had gained. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!