Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has restated his administration’s commitment to adopt technology to fight crimes in the state, saying the state government’s plans to build a one-stop technology hub where data would be collated for efficiency in the handling of security issues. Sanwo-Olu disclosed this on Tuesday while speaking at the 13th Annual Town Hall Meeting on security, which was organised by the Lagos State Security Trust Fund (LSSTF) themed: “Transformational Security.” The town hall event is organised as a feedback mechanism where residents and other stakeholders in the security framework converge to get a first-hand report on the state of security as well as a forum for fundraising towards improving the security situation in Lagos State. ALSO READ: Oyo govt to engage more PSPs to address waste challenge “The Trust Fund will be taking a higher responsibility and new initiatives will take place. We are going to build a smart city project. We will use technology to ensure that the state remains safe. We will build data rooms and install lots of security cameras across the state. “Other security apparatus will be complementing the work of the police. Lagos State is working with other neighbouring states. “In partnership with all the states in the South-Western region, a regional security outfit code-named ‘Amotekun,’ has been established to combat banditry and kidnapping. This group will work interstate and all modern gadgets and facilities will be provided. It will make it impossible for anyone to abscond to the neighbouring state after an offence in one state,” Governor Sanwo-Olu said. Sanwo-Olu names Onikan stadium after late Mobolaji Johnson LASTMA killings: Lagos will not condone lawbreakers ―… Security: Sanwo-Olu mulls amnesty for cultists, kidnappers,… We’ll continue to support ex-service men ― Sanwo-Olu “We are revamping our Command and Control Centre. We are doing a complete overhaul of this centre,” he added. The governor further said that focus had been placed on the youth of the state to ensure that they were placed in a position where they would voluntarily shun cultism as nexus had been established between young people and security. He said: “Very importantly, we are fully aware of the nexus between young people and security, and therefore very much focused on putting young people at the centre of our security strategy. “To this end, we are engaging youths and educational institutions, right from primary school level, in order to empower them to shun cultism and criminality, and to help them build skills to be active and responsible citizens.” He called for support for law enforcement agents while they discharged their duties of safeguarding the state. The Chairman, Board of Trustees of LSSTF, Mr Our Hassan-Odukale, noted that crime-fighting was mandatory, saying the Fund would not stop promoting the fight against crimes. According to him, “The theme of today’s event is, ‘Transformational Security’ which means that at the Fund, we are reviewing our response to security challenges in furtherance of our goal.” “After 12 years, our Trust Fund is still very relevant as we continue to provide critical support for the Police and other security agencies. This is because our esteemed donors have continued to contribute to the Fund. This continuous support is not only a vote of confidence in LSSTF, but a recognition that our collective resolve to continue the fight against crime is an absolute necessity,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!