The Presidency on Sunday asserted that the only to change of any government is through democratic means and not through violence. Reacting to the statement credited to a former Chief of Defence Staff, Gen. Alexander Ogomudia (rtd) who it said submitted that, “Nigeria may be restructured violently,” a statement issued in Abuja by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media and Publicity), observed that “this vituperation, coming from a former military Chief speaks volumes about the mindset of groups of citizens who have yet to accept democracy as a form of government.” The statement said it was very important to stress that as a nation, Nigeria was a constitutional democracy and “changes to the country in structure, its systems, policy and politics must abide by the norms of democracy, otherwise they would be extrajudicial and therefore unconstitutional.” The statement added: “This system has subsisted, uninterrupted, for upward of 20 years and still going, and the country’s law courts, with its armed forces, are primed at all times to defend it using all means that are lawful. “The biggest challenge to the country today is not necessarily from perceived regional or state imbalances or conflicts between the government at the centre and states but from the mindsets and entities rooted in the idea of violence as a means to change. CSOs laud Buhari over payment of pension SIM swap: 113 fraudsters arrested, prosecuted in 2019 ―… Alleged N7.65bn fraud: Court to deliver judgement in Orji… Dangote Refinery takes delivery of world largest crude… ALSO READ: TB Joshua charges Bayelsa gov elect to prioritise welfare of citizens “Such individuals, groups and entities peddling ideologies of violence and hate are closed to the notion of healthy dialogue through popular platforms including elected parliaments, hence only open to violence and destruction as their means. “This administration under President Muhammadu Buhari is strongly of the view that democracy that is self-correcting under the laws as we have is the answer to growing calls for violence and a means to change in the structure, form and content of the union that binds us as one country.” The Presidency also denied that not much had been done on the case of the murdered former Chief of Defence Staff, Air Chief Marshal Alex Badeh, as it noted that the case was before the police. The statement added: “Equally important is to deny the General’s assertion that nothing had been done on the unfortunate gruesome murder of Air Chief Marshal Alex Badeh, a former Chief of Defence Staff. Truth is, the investigation instituted by General Olonisakin, the current Chief of Defence Staff, has led to the arrest of 14 suspects based on their alleged involvement in a report that has been sent to the police and the Nigeria Air Force for further action.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!