The Senate has appealed to the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, to as a matter of urgency reduce the number of checkpoints on Federal Highways in the country. This, according to the Senate, has become necessary to reduce the gridlock on the roads. The upper chamber also urged Adamu to direct officers of the Police Force to eschew all forms of extortion of motorists, while carrying out stop and search to establish the validity of vehicle particulars. The resolutions were reached following the consideration of a motion brought to the floor by Senator representing Enugu  North, Chukwuka Utazi. Utazi, coming under order 42 and 52 of the Senate standing rules, in his motion titled “National Security versus Disproportionate Road Checkpoints on Federal highways in the country,” said that the National Security architecture of Nigeria has been stretched beyond its elastic limits. ALSO READ: ASUU: AGF is frustrated over IPPIS enrollment failure He noted that one of the direct consequences was the imposition of road checkpoints on almost all federal highways in all geo-political zones of Nigeria. BREAKING: Senate passes 2020 Appropriation Bill, raises… Banditry: Senate tasks IGP to ensure police patrol across… Why Senate has not constituted Constitution Review Committee… Senate condemns Boki killings, urges IGP to secure lives and… The lawmaker stated that while roadblocks were necessary to curb criminal activities, its abuse for the unintended purpose was reprehensible. He stated that the Senate “will not renege in our responsibilities when the masses of this country complain that government police meant to protect them has been turned into oppressive conduct by those concerned and which the IGP and people of his ilk may not be aware.” Meanwhile, the Senate has referred President Muhammadu Buhari’s request for the confirmation of the appointment of the Chairman and Members of the National Hajj Commission to its Committee on Foreign Affairs. The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, referred the request to the committee shortly after the commencement of plenary on Thursday. The nominees for screening and confirmation are; Zikrullah Olakunke Hassan, Chairman, Osun State, South West; Abdullahi Magaji Hardawa, Executive Commissioner – Operation, Inspection and Licensing; Nura Hassan Yakassai, Executive Commissioner – Policy, Personnel, Management and Finance, Kano State, North West, and Sheikh Momoh Suleman Imonikhe, Executive Commissioner, Planning, Research, Statistics, Information and Library, Edo State, South-South. Part-time Members are; Halimat Jibril, Niger State, North Central; Abba Jato, Borno State, North East; Garba Umar, Sokoto State, North West; Ibrahim Ogbonnia Amah, Ebonyi State, South-East; Sadiq Oniyesaneyene Musa, Delta State, South-South, and Akintunde Basirat Olayinka, Ogun State, South West. Representatives of Ministries, Departments and Agencies are: Shehu Dogo, Ministry of Aviation; Nura Abba Rimi, Ministry of Foreign Affairs; Rabi Bello Isa, Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning; Zainab Ujudud Sherrif, Ministry of Health; Aminu Bako Yarima, Nigeria Immigration Service, and Ibrahim Ishaq Nuhu, Central Bank of Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!