No fewer than 182,422 primary school pupils benefited from the Federal Government’s Home Grown School Feeding programme in Ogun state in 2019, an official of the programme has said. Operations Officer of the programme in Ogun State, Mopelola Osolukoya added that the programme also employed the services of 2,779 food vendors in the year under review. Osolukoya who made this known at the Joint year-end high-level dissemination meeting on the programme, held at the MITROS Hall, Oke-Ilewo, Abeokuta, the state capital, said there is an increase in the population of pupils in Ogun public schools. While noting that the pupils were drawn from different schools spread across the state, Osolukoya added that two deworming exercises were carried out in the year when the level of complaints grew higher than what was obtained in 2018. She noted that cooperation enjoined by the programme in the state earned it the award of the best-performing state in the country. Amosun defects, leads supporters to PDP 19 jerry cans of petrol concealed in caskets seized in Ogun NIM to honour outgoing Ogun Head of Service, Bisiriyu Ogun LG retirees send SoS to Abiodun over eight years unpaid… ALSO READ: Under my watch, Ogun people will sleep with eyes closed, CP Ebrimson assures Osolukoya said: “We are glad to inform the cohorts that all cooks have paid up the loan for the cooking utensils given to them at the inception of the programme. “From the first disbursement in the year till the end, pupils were fed as and when due with cooks providing one hot nutritious meal for pupils. “HGSFP is a programme where you keep learning and improving and we remain open to innovations that can improve the programme and performance in Ogun State.” While speaking earlier, Executive Director of Action Health Incorporation, Adenike Eseit noted the impact of AHI, the centre for Women’s Health and Information, Women Consortium of Nigeria and the education partnership centre at supporting the state government in the monitoring of the homegrown school feeding programme in the 20 local government areas of the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!