THE Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello on Sunday, described Senator Smart Adeyemi’s victory as the restoration of people’s mandate while congratulating him for his victory at the polls as announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The governor, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Onogwu Muhammed in Lokoja, described the victory “as a collective manifestation of intellectual, moral and cultural virtues, and mandate given by the good people of Kogi West.” The governor stressed that the victory was a testament to the decision of the people of the area to move away from ineffective and rascal representation of the immediate past for a progressive and development-oriented one. Bello commended the APC supporters and the people of Kogi West for exercising their civic rights in a peaceful manner, notwithstanding the pockets of unrest recorded in some locations on November 16, which prompted INEC to declare the election inconclusive. Lawal Idirisu retains rep seat in Ajaokuta rerun election Kogi West Supplementary polls: I’ll head to court if… ―… Kogi/Bayelsa polls: INEC’s claim on card reader, admission… Supplementary poll: Govt declares public holiday for schools… ALSO READ: Pharmacists council seals 301 illegal medicine stores in Ondo He also applauded INEC officials and security agencies for doing their best within the ambit of the law to ensure free, fair and credible elections in the re-run. Bello restated his commitment to use his second term for groundbreaking developmental strides in all parts of the state while expressing his gratitude to the people for their support for his administration. “The APC as a party is particularly grateful to the people of Kogi West for their peaceful conduct at the polls and embracing the promise of the party to work assiduously to ensure the development of the area and the state in general. “Now that we are having all three APC senators representing Kogi at the National Assembly, my administration would work in synergy with them and other APC lawmakers to attract more projects to our state, to make life more meaningful for its citizens,” Bello said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!