The Oyo State House of Assembly, on Wednesday evening, rejected the nomination of Mr Oyedokun Oyeniyi as caretaker chairman for Ogbomoso South local government, while it confirmed the Chairmanship nominations for the remaining 32 local government areas and 35 local council development areas. It would be recalled that Governor Seyi Makinde had on Monday forwarded the names of 68 Caretaker Chairmen designates for screening and confirmation. Chairman, Local Government, Chieftaincy Matters and State Honours, Honourable Olusegun Popoola who presented report of the screening of the nominees on Tuesday, however, failed to give specific reasons why Oyeniyi was deemed “not appointable”. Oyeniyi’s rejection comes on the back of protests against his candidature by leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from Ogbomoso South at state Secretariat, Ibadan, on Tuesday. Supreme Court verdict: Expect more, Makinde tells Oyo… Help develop Oyo, Makinde urges NYSC members 2020 budget shows Oyo’s commitment to SDGs ― UNICEF Kwara House bars visitors from Assembly complex ALSO READ: N1bn suit: Pinnacle asks court to dismiss ICPC’s objection The protesters had alleged that Oyeniyi was an imposition on them by some powers that be, was a new entrant into the PDP, and did not contribute meaningfully to the party’s success in the last election. Among those confirmed Ahmed Kazeem, Akinyele South local council development area; Arowosaye Saheed, Oyo East local government; Ojo Akintola, Itesiwaju local government; Olaoniye Sarafadeen, Ibarapa Central; Yinka Oladimeji, Irepodun local council development area; Adeniran Ramat, Saki East local government; Ibrahim Ajagbe, Ogbomoso North local government; Ogunleke Timothy, Araromi local council development area; Sanda Sikiru, Egbeda local government area; Kehinde Akande, Ibadan South West local government. Meanwhile, members of the major opposition party, the All Progressives Congress (APC) were conspicuously absent from Wednesday’s sitting. When contacted, Minority Leader, Honourable Asimiyu Alarape said it was a coincidence that APC members were not present at the sitting, adding that he was within the Assembly premises for several hours before leaving before the plenary held. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!