Properties worth millions of Naira have been lost to an early morning inferno that razed down about twelve shops at the Phones and accessories market attached to the popular Wunti market. A reliable source told our Correspondent that the Fire Incident which source is yet to be identified gutted and burnt down no fewer than 12 main shops while other container shops were also affected in the early morning fire. He, however, said that electrical problem is suspected as the cause of the fire incident saying that it could be as a result of power surge from the sudden restoration of supply by PHCN. ALSO READ: Board suspends 8 correctional officers over electrocution of inmates in Ikoyi Bauchi govt to support women in export development UNICEF collaborates with Bauchi govt to improve family… 500,000 women benefit from EU-UNICEF CCT /SPP intervention… Bauchi gov to receive Nigerian sustainable and good… While Speaking during a sympathy visit to the scene of the disaster on Friday, Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed expressed shock over the incident and sympathized with the victims urging them to take it as an act of God. The Governor who was represented by his Deputy, Sen Baba Tela assured the victims of immediate government’s support saying that already, the State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) has commenced assessment of the damages in order to provide the basic assistance to the victims. While responding, Chairman of Wunti Market Traders and Artisans Association, Nura Zango expressed gratitude to the Governor for pledging to support the victims saying that it will serve as temporary succour to them. Nura Zango requested that a Fire Service station be sited around major markets within the metropolis in order to ensure prompt response to emergency situations. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!