Police in Lagos State has arrested a 19-year-old suspected internet fraudster, who allegedly set his lover, Tolani Mariam Alabi,  ablaze for cheating on him. The suspect, Ifeanyichukwu Orji, set her 24 years old lover ablaze after reading her love chats and nude pictures with another lover on her phone. The deceased and Orji had been cohabitating in an apartment, rented by the suspect since they met on one of the dating sites, since March 2019. Alabi had reportedly promised the suspect that she would stop prostitution and remain faithful to only him. The image maker-in-charge of the state police command, Bala Elkana confirmed the arrest of the suspect to the Tribune Online and added that the lady died a day after she was set ablaze. The police PRO said: “On 7/12/2019 at about 1145hrs, operatives of Iba Police Station arrested one Orji Ifeanyichukwu Victor ‘m’ 19 years old of G54 Army Post Service Housing Estate, Ojo, Lagos for setting one Alabi Tolani Mariam ‘f’ 24 years, ablaze.” He Lagos police image maker also continued that “the suspect confessed that he used petrol to set the victim ablaze. “The suspect who is 19 years met the victim, a 24-year-old girl on 28/2/2019 through a hookup and she moved into his house in March.” He also said that “they have since then, inhabited as lovers. The suspect finished his Secondary School in 2016 at Gbagada Senior Grammar School and is seeking for admission into tertiary institution.” ALSO READ: El-Zakzaky’s daughter raises fresh concerns over El-Zakzaky, wife’s health Buhari pays tribute to Sarkin Malamai Gombe, Wabili PDP sweeps Adamawa LG chairmanship election Declare state of emergency on country’s education,… WACT donates Teachers Quarters, waste disposal skips to… Elkana also said that the suspect confessed that “he has been into internet fraud popularly known as Yahoo for the past three years.” Also that “the N600,000.00 he used in renting the apartment they live in, is a proceed of internet fraud and that he brought the victim into his house with conditions that she would quit prostitution and stick to him alone.” Trouble started last Thursday when the deceased reportedly left home to fix her hair and did not return until the next day. She equally left the house on Friday under the guise of visiting her father but ended up seeing another man. The 19-year-old suspect told the police that he got to know the deceased’s movement between Thursday and Friday when she returned home on Saturday. Elkana said, “he saw her chats, video calls and pictures of herself naked that she sent to the client she spent the night with.” The police also said that Orji “became angry and used the petrol he had kept for his generator to set her ablaze.” A team of detectives visited the scene. The victim was taken to General Hospital, Igando were she was admitted but died in the early hours of Sunday. The Commissioner of Police Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu, has directed the immediate transfer of the case to Criminal Investigation Department Yaba. The police assured that the suspect would be charged to court for murder. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!