The Magistrate Court sitting in Akure, Ondo State capital, has ordered the remand of 13 people to Olokuta Correctional Center, over their alleged involvement in the killing of a policeman and setting ablaze of Sotitobire Miracle Centre. The accused who were dragged before Magistrate Charity Adeyanju, on a six-count charge bothering on murder, arson, theft, and vandalism. The Police Prosecutor, ASP Moses Adeosun, prayed the court to remand the accused at the Olokuta Correctional Centre pending the ongoing investigation into the matter. Reading the charge sheet read in part, he said “that you Udeme Eyo ‘m’, Ikechukwu Njoku ‘m’, Ayodimeji Jimoh ‘m’, Bamisaye Ojo ‘m’, Balogun Ayomide ‘m’, ‘Steve Adekunle ‘m’, Agbi Sesan ‘m’, Stephen Omotosho ‘m’, Omogbolahan James ‘m’, Ademola Aderibigbe ‘m’, Oluwadare Rotimi, ‘m’, Ayo Ifedayo ‘m’, Samuel Shitu and others at large, on 18/12/2019, at about 9.45 am, Sotitobire church, Oshinle, Akure, in the Ondo State Magisterial District, did conspire together to commit felony to wit: murder, arson, malicious damage and stealing and thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 324 & 516 of the Criminal Code, Cap 37, Vol.1, LAWS of Ondo State of Nigeria 2006 respectively. ALSO READ: Missing boy: Prophet weeps as court orders his remand, six others, adjourns till Jan 17 Ebonyi lawmaker supports Buhari’s approval of N37bn… Mixed feelings in Sokoto over FG’s release of Dasuki,… N30,000 Minimum wage: Gombe gov constitutes negotiation… IGP approves deployment of two AIGs, seven commissioners of… “That you Udeme Eyo ‘m’, Ikechukwu Njoku ‘m’, Ayo Dimeji Jiomoh ‘m’, Bamisaye Samson Ojo ‘m’, Balogun Ayorinde ‘m’, Steve Adekunle ‘m’, Agbi Sesan ‘m’, Stephen Omotosho ‘m’, Omogbolahan James ‘m’, Ademola Aderibigbe ‘m’, Oluwadare Rotimi ‘m’, Ayo Ifedayo ‘m’, Samuel Shitu and others at large, on same date, time committed the offence In the aforementioned Magisterial District, did unlawfully kill Sgt Sheidu by smashing him to death with tyre ream and stones at Sotitobire church, Oshile, Akure while performing his lawful duty and thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 319(1) of Criminal Code, Cap 37, Vol.1 Laws of Ondo State of Nigeria 2006.” However, the Counsel to the defendants objected to the prayer of the prosecutor counsel, arguing on the need for his clients to be granted bail. He told the court that the prosecution had a lot of defects and said that “In order for them to put their house in order, they had to come back another day with the application to remand them as the Magistrate Court lacks jurisdiction to prosecute the offences charged. Following the arguments of the prosecutor and the Defence Counsel, the defendants were subsequently remanded with the trial adjourned till January 3, 2020. It will be recalled that on some angry youths attacked the church which belongs to Prophet Alfa Babatunde who was alleged of being behind the mysterious disappearance of a one-year-old baby, Gold Kolawole. The enraged youth during the attack burnt down the church as well as the vehicles of church members after which they proceeded to the Prophet’s residence where they allegedly looted valuables. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!