Head of Department of Psychiatry, University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Dr Bibilola Oladeji, has said that female medical doctors are at an increased risk of developing mental health anomalies. This was said at the opening ceremony-cum-scientific session of the 2019 Biennium of Medical Women Association of Nigeria(MWAN), Oyo State branch, themed ‘Mental Health and the Career Woman.’ While declaring that women are multiple role players, Dr Oladeji noted that there  is a need to maintain a balance combining these roles. “Mental health is a state of well-being in which individuals realize his or her abilities. Women, especially professionals or career women such as doctors, must fill several roles. Juggling multiple roles as a worker, wife, home worker and care-giver is actually good for the psychological well–being but a lack in balancing these roles could lead to a poor mental disorder,” she noted. She cited a study conducted on resident doctors in Nigeria, which showed 31 per cent of doctors reported poor mental health. Similarly, in another study, she noted that 15 per cent of doctors had mental health problems. According to her, the factors associated with poor mental health in female doctors include work overload, physician burn-out, non-participation in social activities and low income and income inequality. Others are untreated medical cases, genetics, gender-based violence, socio-economic disadvantage, low decision-making power and depression. Counter-terrorism: Oyetola commends NAF over ‘Operation Buje… Ibadan Poly set to hold 34th convocation ceremony JUST IN: Kano Assembly approves bill on creation of 4… Police arrest 6 suspected kidnappers, 4 armed robbers in… Dr Oladeji, who linked depression, a common mental disorder in most medical women, to low income or unemployment, noted that being paid well as a worker could boost the level of self-confidence thereby increasing health quality. She said: “Studies have proven that female doctors are at higher risks of developing mental disorders. This could be associated with work place stress, playing multiple roles like being a care giver, parent and handling managerial functions. “Work overload is a risk factor for mental health anomaly, while consistently being a care giver has also been associated with poor mental problem. “Women doctors play a whole lot of roles in care giving. They are predominant providers of medical care. They give more attention to patients with various medical conditions and disabilities than doctors who are men. They attend to patients all day without taking adequate rest.” She urged medical doctors, to watch their health status closely and not neglect themselves while caring for others. Deputy vice chancellor, Research and Innovation, University of Ibadan, Professor Olanike Adeyemo, said that there is a crucial need for women doctors to impact and build more people, urging them to be supportive towards one another. The chairman of the occasion, Dr Victor Olaosebikan celebrated ‘womanhood’ and lauded the contributions of his mum towards his success in life as a medical expert. Explaining the importance of early medical treatment of diseases, president, MWAN, Oyo State branch, Dr. Hannah Adegbola-Dada,  advised women, especially medical health practitioners, to always observe a period of rest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!