YULETIDE affords both faithful and critics alike the opportunity not only to exchange the season’s greetings but also to ask probing, even if troublesome, questions about Jesus Christ and Christianity as a whole. For instance, was Christ actually born on the December 25 that Christians celebrate as his birthday? The Jehovah Witnesses’ sect especially has made an issue of this, insisting, with “proofs” that Christ could not have been born anywhere in December but that September/October looks more like it. Right or wrong, the important thing is that Christ was born into this world! That we may not have known the exact date does not vitiate that fact or reduce its importance. We read about other (lesser) great men and women whose exact dates of birth are unknown; yet, we learn useful lessons. When queried why he had multiple dates of birth, a former president of this country responded that he relied on the account of elders, since his date of birth was not recorded. He had picked a date on the calculation of family elders until superior evidence surfaced that another date was more like it. So, he shifted ground. The joke he added was the clincher: If superior argument arrives tomorrow to prove that another date of birth appears more authentic, he would shift ground again! The overarching importance of the celebration of the birthday of Christ is the understanding that he came into the world – and the prophecy he came to fulfil. No one disputes that! Is the celebration of Christmas justifiable, evidence having been led by some that the date was originally devoted to pagan worship and celebration? Christians, it has been argued, seized upon that date and, over time, crowded out the pagans and converted what used to be a pagan day to one of Christianity’s holiest dates. That is strategic, if I may say! And if I may ask, what were we before we became Christians or whatever? Traditional religions, customs, traditions and practices alien or antithetical to Christianity existed from the beginning of times – and are still with us to this very day. Of all the converts to religions other than theirs, Africans have been one group that jettisoned their culture along with their traditional religions, accepting hook-line-and-sinker the new religion and the culture of the missionaries, be they Christian or Muslim. Other peoples have held on to their religion or culture or both. New thinking is that this wholesale rejection of what had served the African people well from time immemorial, ranking their civilisation as, perhaps, the first human civilisation, and the aping of alien culture, is at the roots of the dysfunction that has stunted the growth of the continent and arrested its development. Religion emerged out of, or has paganism as its origin: True or false? Indeed, what some call paganism is itself a religion: True or false? Should Christians celebrate Christmas or is it a mere waste of time and resources? Is Christmas one of the “ceremonies” Christ commanded while departing this earthly plane that Christians or his followers do in remembrance of him? Of course, it is trite that Christians were not called Christians during Christ’s lifetime. They were so-called first time at Antioch after the death and resurrection of Christ and it simply means “people whose conduct, speech and beliefs were like those of Jesus Christ.” While he walked this earthly plane, Jesus never celebrated himself; in fact, he preached that the leader should be servant to others and he washed the feet of his disciples to give a graphical demonstration of this. While departing, Jesus commanded Christians to preach the gospel to the uttermost end of the world. He also commanded that Holy Communion be observed, “… as often as ye do this, in remembrance of me.” There is no denying the fact, then, that the celebration of Christmas is a latter-day phenomenon. Does that make it sacrilegious? I doubt! We remember our earthly mortals, like our departed parents and other loved ones. We, too, will love to be remembered by those we leave behind. “Remembrance,” as Christ commanded, is not a bad idea at all! It is not a surprise, however, that questions will always be raised about Christ and the mode of worship adopted by different denominations, peoples, places and climes. The face of religion is changing more radically in our own days than in other times before. Technology is the major decider – and definer – of what religion is today and shall be in the future. The best “megaphone” Jesus used was asking Peter to pull his boat a little away from the shore so he (Jesus) could address the people. His best and fastest means of transportation was a mule. Today, the best of electronic gadgets, including the ubiquitous social media, are available. Pastors cruise in supersonic jets. The Apostle Paul’s missionary journeys will be done in a twinkle of an eye in today’s global village that our world has become. But always, there is the negative side to technology, which will “kill” religion if care is not taken. Indeed, the tell-tale signs are already there for all to see. A trend is emerging – and it is that of Christians without churches. In Europe where Christianity was spread to Africa, the tides have turned. Ironically, African missionaries are those trooping to the advanced and industrialised world today to preach the gospel and turn the lost sheep of Europe and America back to Christ. When you have separated the real evangelists from the mercantilist, emergency, 419-ner “evangelists,” Africa still appears (seemingly?) more Christian than Europe and America. Recent studies show that close to 70 per cent of Christians in Europe do not go to church or, better still, have no church. Their phone is their church. They listen to the preachers they like. They choose the time and place to “worship.” They pay their tithes and offering online. They do all of these from the comfort of their home. No jumping into the car and burning needless fuel. No traffic to contend with. No time-wasting by pastors who don’t keep to time. No sweating in the hellish heat that defines many of our churches. No inconvenience of unusable toilets. No stalking by those who have turned themselves into beggars’ lurking by the “Beautiful Gate.” In 10 or 15 minutes, “church service” on the go is over and one can get on to other activities. Nigerian churches are already keying-in into some of the features of the church of the future where the influence and excesses of religion barons will be seriously curtailed. Christians without churches mean empty churches during service. Only a handful of people – the oldies especially – are to be found in big cathedrals in Europe these days. The younger elements have no time and patience for the shenanigans of pastors. A technology-crazy generation must put to use the i-phone that cost them a fortune to procure. They still answer the name “Christian,” but their “pastor” may never know them one-on-one. Their church is no longer a church premises or any known address; their church is in their pocket. How we fared in 2019, Nigerians speak Unabated Fulanisation of Ekiti Adeboye winds up 2019 with marathon evangelism When House on the Rock fed 30,000  in Lagos communities Every Sunday, as I drive from my home in the Agege area of Lagos to Ketu where my church is located, my family listens to, discuss and pray the Open Heavens for the day. In addition, we listen to four or five other preachers, local and foreign. Internet has given a quantum leap in opportunities to a wider audience like never before; this, however, has come with its own unique challenges. Charlatans of all hues thrive on social media. As more and more people remain in the comfort of their homes to enjoy services hitherto provided exclusively in church premises, digital churches will, in no time, reduce the influence and potency of traditional churches exactly the same way the digital press has done to the traditional media. The shenanigans of church leaders – the church bourgeoisie – have also not helped matters. The ostentatious lifestyle of men and women of God in the face of crippling poverty of church members; the suffocating financial demands made on church members by the church bureaucrats on a daily basis; the heavy burdens placed on the church at the bottom rungs of the ladder by church leaders to maintain, even expand, privileges competing with those Martin Luther railed against to kick-start the Reformation; the preponderance of wolves in sheep’s clothing these days; and the dire economic condition of many church goers to which many church leaders maintain a straight face – have all combined to impact negatively on church attendance and revenue. I dare to say that runaway corruption and financial malfeasance in our churches/mosques make a mockery of the one in the polity. Like the polity, our churches/mosques cry for restructuring. The prognosis for the future is bleak, very bleak indeed, except the leaders of religion leave their comfort zone to seize the bull by the horns. They have to do so ere it gets too late and they slip into irreverence and irrelevance. —————————————- …Olukoya: E tu Jehovah’s Witness? THE opinion above (“Christians without Churches…”) was penned on Tuesday and first published on Wednesday in my “TREASURES” column (Back page, New Telegraph newspaper) A colleague asked if I had a premonition that Dr. Daniel Olukoya, the “oga at the top” at the “fall-down-and-die” Mountain of Fire Ministries (MFM), would make his controversial “we do not celebrate Christmas” faux pas. No, I didn’t. Olukoya premised his statement on the “fact,” as stated above, that Jesus Christ, the reason for the season, was not born on December 25th that the world has come to adopt and celebrate as His birthday. The God’s Kingdom Society people, aka Jehovah’s Witnesses, have been in the forefront of those campaigning against December 25 as Jesus Christ’s birthday, insisting He was not born on that date and that His date of birth remains unknown. I wonder why the Holy Ghost has not revealed the exact date of the birth of Christ to us, rather than leave us in the dark about it. Is it that we have not asked? The Holy Spirit, which knows all truth, is in a position to reveal even this unto us. Maybe we are lazy or some people revel in and relish the needless controversies surrounding the birth date of Christ.  But I digress! Only Olukoya can tell us why he chose to dabble into this controversy at this point in time: The controversy is not new; neither are the points or facts canvassed original to the MFM man. Mike Bamiloye and other commentators on the issue have taken Olukoya to the cleaners already; it will take a long time before Olukoya can regain the aura of infallibility which once surrounded him but which, sadly, he has now lost to a needless controversy. He, obviously, did not get good advice or he spurned one. The beauty of Christianity is that millions of adherents can read the Bible and, with Holy Spirit inspiration, form an opinion, just like Peter Abelard had posited. Thanks to Martin Luther and the Reformation he kick-started, right-thinking Christians do not need any Church leader to lead them by the nose on doctrinal matters. The veil of the temple is parted – thanks to the sacrifice made by Christ on the Cross for us all – everyone can boldly come to the throne of grace and drink from the unpolluted fountain of knowledge, which is Christ Himself. It is strange, however, that Church leaders – especially the new “nouveau riche” church leaders – have developed the penchant to go Afghanistan or maintain criminal silence in the face of unwarranted, unprecedented and unmitigated oppression of Christians since 2015 especially. Many have said the reason for this is that the Church leaders have, wittingly and or unwittingly, compromised themselves by venturing into business – schools especially, where they need licences and government approvals – and their violation of extant building laws and regulations in the indiscriminate planting of churches, thereby making them susceptible to the blackmail of the authorities. Until the Church purges itself of these, it will remain a toothless bulldog. Any vox populi today will confirm the frustration of a large chunk of Christians with unthinking, lame-duck, cringing and fretful church leaders who busy themselves with the good life while their followers pine away in abject poverty. The Church needs a voice. Sadly, church leaders’ voice is muted! They are busy eating! And you don’t talk when you are eating! How forceful are Church leaders on the relentless war waged against Christians since 2015? What have they done on the case of Leah Sharibu? The current bunch of Church leaders is a disappointment. It has taken the intervention of the US President Donald Trump to give Nigerian Christians a new lease of life and some rays of hope. Flexing muscles on the inanities of birthdays, when critical issues of survival of the Church are left unattended to, is self-serving, diversionary and attention-seeking! Mercifully, not everyone is fooled! SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!