The Caretaker Chairman of Okitipupa Local Government Council of Ondo State, Abayomi Adesanya, has inaugurated a 10-man Joint Peace and Reconciliation Committee to promote peaceful co-existence among some communities. Adesanya, while inaugurating the joint committee on Saturday in Okitipupa, stressed the need for peaceful co-existence among members of the various communities in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the committee was basically set up to further enhance peaceful co-existence among the people of Araromi Obu and Ago Alaye in the state. It was to also to ensure that peace was restored permanently in the communities located in Odigbo and Okitiipupa local government areas. NAN also reports that the communities which have had a long-standing relationship were embroiled in dispute recently that had resulted in communal clashes. Adesanya enjoined the committee to refrain from any action or utterance that was capable of re-igniting the crisis. Akeredolu calls for divine support to boost developmental… UPDATE: Mob sets church on fire, kills policeman over… BREAKING: Mob sets church on fire, kills policeman over… Suspected killer of NDLEA Officials arrested in Ondo ALSO READ: Budget: Ex-NACCIMA boss tasks FG to block leakages in MDAs “It is imperative for us to ensure peaceful co-existence among ourselves devoid of rancour and restiveness which might plunge our communities into unnecessary crisis and chaos. “In view of this, I inaugurate this committee and charge committee members to be thorough in this new assignment and ensure that lasting peace is restored in the affected communities,” he said. The council boss lauded the state government for the step taken to constitute a Judicial Commission of Inquiry headed by Tunde Atere in putting an end to the crisis. In their remarks, Ilemobayo Ehinmosan and Abisoye Monebi representing the two communities pledged to be transparent and work without any fear or favour. They also called on all stakeholders to give maximum support and assistance in restoring peace in the communities. NAN reports that both communities had been involved in a land dispute in an attempt to enforce a court judgement that led to the loss of lives and the destruction of properties. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!