Kano state governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has called on 1,381 youths corps members posted to the state for their one-year national service to accept being posted as teachers in the Public Schools, as well engage in public awareness against drug addiction and abuse. This was just as the state Coordinator of the National Youth Service Corps  (NYSC), Alhaji Laden Baba, disclosed that a total of 1,381 corps members were registered comprising 638 males and 743 females. The state governor who made the assertion through the state Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Comrade Ado Lakwaya, at the swearing-in ceremony of the 2019 Batch “C” stream “1”, urged them not to entertain any fear while serving in the state. “I hope you will work in the footsteps of your predecessors, specifically, I wish to charge you to be dedicated to the revitalisation of our educational sector by accepting posting as teachers in our public schools,” Ganduje said. ALSO READ: Bello urges corps members to exhibit sincerity, loyalty to nation NYSC begs Fayemi over state allowance for corps members Bello urges corps members to exhibit sincerity, loyalty to… NYSC registers 1,054 corps members in Abia Kano govt plans to establish trust fund to boost education “Some of your predecessors, who earlier served in the state have refused to leave the state after their service year because of the hospitality accorded them during their service. I urge you all to feel at home.” Ganduje, however, informed corps members that he is aware stress being faced in view of the deplorable road leading to the camp, saying the rehabilitation of the road is captured in this year budget as his administration would rehabilitate the road very soon. “I want to pledge our government’s commitment towards making your service year a memorable one, I urged you to give maximum co-operation to the officials so that the desired objectives of this orientation exercise would be achieved.” The state NYSC Coordinator, Alhaji Ladan Baba, while speaking on the occasion said: “My dear gentlemen corps members, the orientation course is designed to adequately prepare you for the actualisation of the objectives of the NYSC. “The course involves physical training, lecture series, social activities, games and sports aimed at geared towards developing you in one spirit of discipline, courage, participation and perseverance. “I encourage you to actively participate in all activities, as it is intended to prepare you for leadership roles, you will assume in the nearest future,” the Coordinator advised. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!