The late first Attorney-General and Commissioner of Justice in the old Bauchi State and the Sarkin Malaman Gombe, Alhaji Muhammad Wabili who died in the early hours of Friday at the age of 81 has been buried in Gombe according to Islamic injunction. The funeral prayers which was led by the Deputy Chief Iman of Gombe Central mosque, Malam Ali Hammari at the Palace of the Emir of Gombe was attended by the State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya among many other dignitaries. Also in attendance at the funeral prayers, were former Governor of Gombe state, Senator Muhammad Danjuma Goje, Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, Secretary to the State Government, Professor Ibrahim Abubakar Njodi, Emir of Gombe, Alhaji Abubakar Shehu Abubakar III, Emir of Dukku, Alhaji Haruna Abdulkadir Rasheed and Mai Tula, Dr. Abubakar Atare Buba as well as Commissioners among other dignitaries and thousands of sympathisers. Population explosion: FG challenged to form policy against… Nasarawa lawmaker urges students to shun examination… Otuoke University expels 29 students over cultism, exam… Nigeria’s economic growth tied to power sector ― Minister ALSO READ: Gombe gov mourns Sarkin Malaman Gombe Governor Inuwa Yahaya had earlier in a condolence message, expressed sadness over the demise of the elder statesman, describing him as a distinguished public servant, community leader and legal luminary with pedigree of hard work and diligence. He said the death of Sarkin Malamai is a huge loss, not only to his family, but to the state and nation at large. Governor Yahaya urged members of the Wabili family to take solace in the fact that their father lived an honourable life both in service and in retirement, and left a legacy of dignity and honour. The Governor who extended his heartfelt condolences, on behalf of the Government and people of the state to the immediate family of the deceased as well as the Gombe Emirate Council, also prayed Almighty Allah to grant him Aljannat Firdaus and comfort the bereaved family with fortitude to bear the great loss as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity to the Governor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!