Outgoing Governor of Bayelsa State, Seriake Henry Dickson has expressed confidence that his Bauchi State colleague Sen Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed will justify the confidence reposed in him by the citizens of the state. Seriake Dickson while speaking in Bauchi on Tuesday when he paid a courtesy visit on the Governor at the Council Chambers, Government House stated that “within the few months you have spent in the office, you have impacted positively on the lives of the people of Bauchi State ‘. The Bayelsa State Governor added that” as onlookers from afar, we are closely following the trend of positive progress in Bauchi state and we will continue to pray for your success and safe ending”. ALSO READ: Musicians should not see themselves as competitors — Ebenezer Obey He then assured people of the state that Governor Bala Mohammed will meet their expectations and yearnings because of his political experienced saying, “he had done it as a Senator and as a Minister, he will do it here again considering his positive beginning”. Bauchi government assures people with disabilities of… I didn’t sleep because of Appeal Court judgment ―… Improve access to water, hygiene, WASH media urges Bauchi… Bauchi guber legal tussle: We are heading to Supreme Court,… Seriake Dickson also emphasised the need for citizens of the state to renew their support to the Governor because according to him without support it will be difficult for him to succeed. He then congratulated Governor Bala Mohammed over his victory at the Court of Appeal, describing his initial election in March as a well-deserved one considering the massive votes he polled to defeat a sitting Governor of the ruling party at the Federal. While responding, Governor Bala Mohammed who expressed gratitude to the Bayelsa State Governor for the visit, applauded him for his remarkable achievements in the 8 years of his administration. He said that he had carefully followed the development in Bayelsa state under the leadership of Seriake Dickson pointing out that people-oriented projects like good roads, housing schemes, rural development and most recently the Yenegoa airport which he said will further open up the state to investment opportunities. The Governor also used the forum to assure citizens of the state that his administration will make sure it reduces the cost of governance in order to invest in sectors that have a direct impact on their lives. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!