Continuing its drive for sustainable economic growth and prosperity through its week-long Sustainability Awareness Week, Access Bank Plc hosted members of staff and some of its third-party stakeholders to workshops on sustainability best practices. According to the Group Head, Corporate Communications and External Affairs, Access Bank Plc, Amaechi Okobi, the workshops were organized to raise the level of awareness on the importance of sustainability within and outside the corporate environment. “Following the launch of the new brand, Access Bank’s staff strength has grown from 18,000 to about 29,000. Hence, it became expedient that we educate the new staff and re-educate our older statesmen on the organizational sustainability ethos and values,” he said. ALSO READ: Stakeholders unveil action plan to boost Ogbono production 40m Nigerians don’t have bank accounts ― Access Bank Ernest Ndukwe resigns from Access Bank board Osinbajo to declare 25th edition of MSMEs clinic open in… NSE market indices dip 0.53%, amid profit-taking on blue… Through the workshops, the bank educated participants on various engaging subjects including mitigating environmental and social risk, harnessing partnerships for development, effective project design, and community mobilization for impact. Speaking on the need for more third-party engagement with partners and vendors of the Bank to imbibe sustainable practices, Omobolanle Victor-Laniyan, Head, Sustainability, Access Bank Plc said, “It is important that all third-party stakeholders in our value chain buy-in to our culture, understand and appreciate sustainability. It is important to know that whatever applies to Access Bank also applies to them. Therefore, whenever they conduct their businesses in a way that is not environmentally or socially responsible, it affects the Bank’s image negatively.” Since fully incorporating sustainability into its organizational processes in 2008, the bank has developed excellent and impactful initiatives to strategically address key social, environmental and economic challenges, while also promoting its sustainability agenda through effective partnerships. Other activities undertaken by the Bank to commemorate the Sustainability Awareness Week include the launch of a Digital Idea Wall for sustainability ideas, a therapeutic art session, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!