Tragedy struck in Omu, a community in Obokun Local Government Area of Osun State on Saturday when two young boys, simply identified as Tunde, aged 24, and a teenager, known as Samad plunged into a river while riding on a motorcycle. The sad incident was said to have occurred on a ramshackle bridge on the river, which is the boundary between Osogbo, the state capital and Obokun local government. Tribune Online authoritatively gathered that the deceased was heading to one of the villages in the community to bring their father to Osogbo for the weekend when their motorcycle slipped on the plank used as a temporary bridge and plunged into the river. An eye witness, Akeem Adekunle hinted that the duo were on the motorcycle crossing the river when they slipped and plunged into the river. According to him: “Tunde usually come to the village to take his father to Osogbo for the weekend and the elderly man returned on Monday, but this Saturday, he was with his cousin, Samad, who was about 16. Their motorcycle slipped on the plank bridge and while struggling to avoid serious injury, they fell into the river.” ALSO READ: Nigeria meets 100% OPEC target agreement ― Sylva Chinese nationals abducted in Osun regains freedom Ayinde felicitates Oyetola on his first anniversary in… Reps pass bill for establishment of Fed College of Education… Gunmen kills police officer, abduct three Chinese in Osun Frantic efforts made to rescue were unsuccessful as they were brought out of the river dead by local divers who spent about 20 minutes to retrieve their bodies due to the depth of the river. Though the tragic incident was reported at Ibokun Police station, no policeman visited the scene except the Divisional Police Officer, who came after the bodies have been evacuated by the victim’s relatives. Reacting over the development, the head of Odu village, Mahruf Adekunle who was at the scene implored government authorities to come to the aid of the communities in the area by repairing the bridge, with a view to avoiding needless death. He lamented: “How many more lives must be lost before government come to help rebuild this bridge, it collapsed during a flood in August and we have since been crying to government officials to reconstruct it to no avail. Now two innocent young men have become casualties. “The bridge connects Koka, Omu, Odu, Anjo, Kole villages and other hamlets to the state capital and we plead with the state government to help us,” Adekunle asserted. Confirming the incident, the lawmaker representing Obokun State Constituency in the Osun State House of Assembly, Hon Adeyemi Adewumi explained that he had written a letter to the governor regarding the deplorable bridge. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!