Former Minister of the Federal Capital Territory, Lt. Gen Jeremiah Timbut Useni (rtd) has appealled to the Federal Government to spare no effort or resources to free a Plateau citizen and orphan, Miss Jennifer Ukambong Samuel, and others from Boko Haram captivity. Samuel, a midwife with Alliance for International Medical Action was kidnapped along Monguno-Maiduguri road along with her colleague and many others. The kidnap coincided with her father’s death anniversary. Gen Useni in a statement signed by his Media Consultant, Pastor Abraham Yiljap, said it was painful to see many Plateau patriots captured away from home in the line of duty, and some, like Lawrence Duna Dacighir and Godfrey Ali Shikagham, both from Mangu LGA, have had to pay the supreme price in the hands of the insurgents in Borno State. “It is all the more disturbing when the reasons for these kidnap and gruesome killings are tied to religious differences and as revenge for other killings outside the Nigerian borders.” He called on the President to press it on the Armed Forces and all security services to secure the release of Samuel and many others in captivity. “Mr President, rise with all the valour from your training and the powers of your office to put an end to these impunities by hostile forces that want to keep this nation in perpetual fear. Ongoing strike at Ojukwu Teaching Hospital may become… 9th NASS out to deliver dividends of democracy to Nigerians … Appointment of caretaker committees in Oyo: The court and… Social Media Bill: ‘National Assembly will not approve… ALSO READ: Ongoing strike at Ojukwu Teaching Hospital may become permanent, doctors warn “I am also disturbed by a report that another Plateau citizen Bashir Abdulhamid with the Primary Health Care Department of Kanam LGA is among those captured by the insurgents. Bashir’s family and all of us must remain calm and strengthened in the hope that his ordeal will help to raise the kind of aid and action that will give peace to our land and our hearts. “It is indeed reprehensible and unacceptable to kidnap or take the lives of people who are out and about their legitimate and official activities to promote the good of the nation and the welfare of citizens. “In addition, the execution of some Christians and Muslims by the Islamic State in West Africa Province (ISWAP) to coincide with the Christmas celebration is clearly meant to provoke and insult the adherents of both religions in our country by edging them towards greater suspicion, anger and tension. But more, it is an act of cowardice accomplished by people whose undefined and godless agenda continues to be frustrated by the good works of good and courageous people even in areas of conflict. “I offer my deepest condolences to the families of the slain, and appeal to the families of those still being held captive to remain strong in prayer and positive in expectation. “I am however encouraged and confident that our armed forces and security personnel, who have been in the critical line of duty, will rise to the occasion in their intensified search and rescue missions to give much hope to Nigerians. Together as a nation, we will overcome this evil in our land. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!