With the latest technology the Guarantee Trust Bank (GTBank) has introduced to its banking business, offering Video Banking Services, every transaction has now been made easy for customers of all categories, especially the digital-savvy ones, as they can do their businesses with convenience anywhere they are located in the world. With the latest introduction of this advanced technology by GTBank, it has further carved a niche for itself as a trailblazing bank in Nigeria’s modern-day banking. The GTBank Video Banking Service allows customers to video-chat with a customer service representative in real-time, while it gives customers the same GTBank in-branch experience of seamless banking, no matter where a customer is in the world. The beauty of this also is the fact that every conversation a customer engages a bank representative with using the GTBank Video Banking facility is private and secured by end-to-end encryption, as a result, this provides a customer with the same level of security which can be received on any of their other platforms. All through the active hours of the day, the service is accessible, that is, customers can hook up with GTBank Video Banking Services which has been set to work between the hours of 8:00 a.m. in the morning and 5:00 p.m., from Monday to Friday, except during public holidays observed in Nigeria. To enjoy this purely online service, all a customer requires for a video call include, availability of a computer with a good internet facility. A user must also be in possession of a desktop or a laptop computer with a webcam, as the platform does not support the usage of mobile devices. GTB says it is advisable that the computer is internet-powered by a secure, strong and stable WI-FI with a minimum of 512mbps bandwidth. Then, it is also advisable that a customer avoids calling with the listed restricted network, especially schools or offices that are pegged with restrictions on video calls, while it is recommended that browsers such as Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Internet Explorer are use when attempting to set up the calling service. ALSO READ: Main events defining the Buhari presidency in 2019 Similarly, when calling with Macbook computer, Mac OSX, one will be prompted to install the browser plug-in before connecting to the platform. But ensure to close your browser after installation before connecting on the video calling platform, while you have your headset or earpiece readily available. Another thing to note is, at times when there is poor internet quality, it may not be easy to connect with GTBank its video call platform. Or if when connected already using the video call and it gets disconnected unexpectedly, is also most likely as a result of the loss of your internet connection. Then, it is easy, just make a new call and you are reconnected with ease. And if you still suffer internet connectivity problem, you may need to change your internet service provider (ISP). GTBank Fashion Weekend holds in Lagos today Nigerian bankers set to host over 1,000 global professionals… PoS Innovation Summit to drive agency banking GTBank refutes judgment allegedly ordering Innoson Motors to… Then, it is worth mentioning that during an active call, you are unable to see who you are talking with or hear the video call agent when your call has been picked, it could be of different reasons one of which may simply be that you have poor internet facility. It could also be that you are on a restricted network. To be sure all is well in your set up, it is recommended that you call with a strong personal Wi-Fi (512mbps recommended), and avoid the usage of the mobile hotspot and restricted networks, which was earlier said are mostly offices or schools abroad). Also, endeavour to use of the virtual private network (VPN), which is a guarded network to make your video call. Another difficulty may arise if a customer uses an incomplete numeric number, noting that the country code selected has its specific minimum phone number. You will get this error only when the phone number digits are not complete or relate to the country code selected. This is a service every customer should be interested in, as it has brought ease of patronage to individuals who engage in banking and for it is accessible in every location around the world equally makes the relationship with ever-busy staff of banks a pleasurable exercise these days. With the GTBank Video Banking Services, customers can make such transactions as requesting for account update; card transfer requests for NRN; account opening; account reactivation; bank statement requests; proxy pick-up requests; token Request, replacement and transfer for NRN; mobile banking set-up; re-registration request; login details and password reset, and many other account enquiries, requests and complaints. Guaranty Trust Bank PLC, incorporated as a limited liability company licensed to provide commercial and other banking services to the Nigerian public in 1990, commenced operations in February 1991, and has since then grown to become one of the most respected and service focused banks in Nigeria. In September 1996, Guaranty Trust Bank plc became a publicly quoted company and won the Nigerian Stock Exchange President’s Merit award that same year and subsequently in the years 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009. In February 2002, the Bank was granted a universal banking license and later appointed a settlement bank by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in 2003. Guaranty Trust Bank undertook its second share offering in 2004 and successfully raised over N11 billion from Nigerian Investors to expand its operations and favourably compete with other global financial institutions. The development ensured the Bank was satisfactorily poised to meet the N25 billion minimum capital base for banks introduced by the Central Bank of Nigeria in 2005, as part of the regulating body’s efforts to sanitize and strengthen Nigerian banks. Over time, GTBank has evolved stronger such that between 2005 and 2013, that is, eight years later, the bank has grown to an extent of being able to issue a USD 400,000,000 Euro bond at a coupon rate of 6 per cent; the least obtained by a Nigerian company in the international capital market. The Eurobond was issued under the USD 2,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme, which is registered under both Regulations in the United State of America and Rule 144A in the United Kingdom and sold to investors across Africa, America, Asia and Europe. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!