Web hosting giant, Whogohost, has announced its sponsorship of the Make Money Online SME Clinic at the Computer Village Expo 2019, where there would be discussions on ways their products can help businesses make money online. Computer Village Expo 2019 holding between December 10 and14 at the Haven Events Centre, Ikeja GRA, Lagos with the theme, “A New Partnership Agenda for Growth”, is the annual flagship integrated events platform connecting over 10,000 technology SMEs from Nigeria’s largest technology market, Ikeja Computer Village and consumer technology buyers across Nigeria, Africa and beyond. Whogohost has always been keen on helping SMEs and tech enthusiasts grow in Nigeria and is Make Money Online SME Clinic at the Computer Village Expo 2019 as an opportunity to establish a new relationship with SME owners and entrepreneurs. ALTON expresses worry over insecurity of telecoms… VIDEO: Driver shot dead by policemen at checkpoint in Ondo [BREAKING] Ballon d’Or 2019: Messi beats Ronaldo, Van… $30bn loan: We are taking more low-interest loans ―… During Make Money Online SME Clinic, Whogohost will be sharing insights on how SMEs in Ikeja Computer Village and other participants can expand their reach online which will help them grow their customer base and eventually revenue. They will also offer their diverse range of value offerings to prospective partners, showing off ways that they can make money as resellers. As a sponsor of the Make Money Online SME Clinic, Whogohost hopes to help small and medium enterprises get their businesses online. It operates with the goal of enabling Nigerian SMEs grow online effectively with very minimal financial investment through the deployment of beautiful, functional and mobile-friendly websites, which are hosted on their web hosting infrastructure providing small businesses in Nigeria with a cost-effective way of expanding their brand awareness and sales revenue through their native online platforms. Whogohost said that shoppers do not need to visit physical stores to do their shopping. They can do that from the comfort of their home through a computer or a mobile phone. One interesting edge the online store has over the offline store is convenience; which is what every shopper seeks today; the possibility to reach more customers. Commenting on the success of #TakeItOnline, WhoGoHost’s Chief Executive Officer, Mr Toba Obaniyi said that, “#TakeItOnline is a labour of love that we created out of a desire to help businesses grow in Nigeria. Having experienced the benefits of running an online business, we realized that most businesses in Nigeria are still in the dark regarding benefits that owning a website guarantees their business. With #TakeItOnline, there is no longer any reason for SMEs to be left behind in this rapidly changing world of commerce.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!