Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has approved the redeployment of Permanent Secretaries in the state civil service for a more robust and result-oriented public service. This is contained in a statement by Abba Anwar, the Chief Press Secretary to Ganduje, in Kano on Saturday. He said that Lawan Ahmed moves from Ministry of Commerce to Office of the Head of Service; Saleh Ado Minjibir from Government House to Ministry for Local Governments; and Dr Binta Umar Bala from Ministry for Higher Education to Ministry of Health. Others are Abba Kailani from Ministry for Local Governments to Establishment; Abba Ibrahim Wada from Establishment to Government House; Amina Aminu Kano, from Pension Board to Ministry for Water Resources and Usman Bala Muhammad, from Ministry of Health to Ministry of Information. Also affected are Zakari Sadiq Buda, from Ministry of Finance to Ministry of Culture and Tourism; Binta Salihu, from SERVICOM to Council Affairs Directorate; Ahmed Salisu Abba, Director Budget to Perm. Sec. Ministry of Works and Infrastructural Development. Do not reject being posted as teachers, Ganduje urges corps… President Buhari commissions 628 police officers in Kano Ganduje’s resolves to ending drug abuse yielding… Strengthen good relationship with Kano people, Ganduje tells… ALSO READ: UPDATE: Terrorism remains major threat to West Africa – Buhari Others are Adamu Abdu Faragai Ministry for Special Duties to Ministry of Agriculture and Natural Resources; Dr Zainab Braji from Council Affairs Directorate to Bureau of Land and Physical Planning and Hussaini Umar, Director Local Government to Perm. Sec. Ministry for Special Duties Others are Lawan Shehu, Zonal Chief Medical Director, Gaya to Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance; Dahiru Ada’u from Ministry of Works and Infrastructural Development to Ministry for Higher Education; Hadi Bala from Ministry of Agriculture and Natural Resources to Administration and General Services/Office of the Secretary to the State Government. Also Auwalu Ilyasu Riruwai moves from Ministry for Water Resources to Pension Board; Tijjani Bello Abubakar from Bureau of Land and Physical Planning to SERVICOM and Hafsatu Ilyasu Aliyu, from Ministry of Information to Ministry of Religious Affairs. He urged them to justify the confidence reposed in them and work for the development of state. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!