A Kano High Court presided over by Justice Ahmed T. Badamosi on Tuesday stopped Governor Abdullahi Ganduje from establishing Kano State Council of Chiefs. The court also stopped the governor from appointing members into the council. It would be recalled that Ganduje appointed Emir of Kano, Malam Muhammad Sanusi as Chairman of the Councils on two years tenure on Monday. He also said the chairmanship position would be rotated among the five Emirs in the state. This prompted the Kano kingmakers to approach the court on Tuesday to stop the governor from constituting the council. Strengthen good relationship with Kano people, Ganduje tells… ICYMI: Ganduje appoints Sanusi chairman of Kano Emirate… Kaduna Appeal Court upholds Ganduje’s election,… BREAKING: Court sacks new Kano Emirs, dissolves four… The kingmakers include Yusuf Nabahani (Madakin Kano), Abdullahi Sarki Ibrahim (Makama Kano), Bello Abubakar (Sarkin Dawaki Mai Tuta) and Muktar Adnan (Sarkin Ban Kano). ALSO READ: Allocate 3 per cent of oil and gas income to primary education, Al-Hikmah VC tells FG While the defendants in the suit are Speaker, Kano State House of Assembly as first respondent, Kano State House of Assembly as second respondent, Governor Ganduje as third respondent, Attorney General of Kano State as fourth respondent, Tafida Abubakar Ila as fifth respondent, Ibrahim Abdulkadir Gaya as sixth respondent, Ibrahim Abubakar as seventh respondent, and Aminu Ado Bayero as the eight respondent. However, the presiding Judge on Tuesday granted an order of interim injunction restraining the third respondent, Abdullahi Ganduje from taking away the functions and powers of the applicants under the Kano State Emirates Council Law, 2019. The order was granted upon hearing of Barr. Suraj Sa’eda, SAN’s ex-parte motion dated December 9, attached with court processes as well as exhibits. The presiding Judge, Justice Badamosi, then adjourned to 17 December for hearing of the motion on notice. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!