Chairman, Northern Traditional Rulers Council and Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Saad Abubakar III, has said that traditional rulers in the North are not fighting with government at all levels. Sultan stated this in Kaduna on Monday while presiding over the 6th General Assembly of the Northern Traditional Rulers Council. According to him, the interest of the traditional institution was to see to the overall development of the Northern region in particular and Nigeria in general. According to Sultan, “this institution is in partnership with the government, and this institution is a major stakeholder of government at all level to use as a consultant. “This institution is not meant for any government anywhere in the world, but we are one big family and have a lot to offer to our governments across the country.” While assuring government at all level that they are partners in progress, Sultan said, the traditional leaders will continue to advise the government on what to do believing that government will listen to them. “Leadership is a trust while assuring the administration of our total commitment to the programmes of the Federal Government to the conclusion, we will support our governors when they have good programmes we will work very hard to ensure successful completion of their programme. And any issue that needs caution, we will caution our political leaders and also advise them on the fear of almighty Allah. “We will hold on to the changes, praying that it would be better for our people that will produce stability to our people. We want to contribute and we are very concerned on what has been happening across the world and states.” He said they have much at stake to ensure peace and stability of the country. “I want to remind us on the need to contribute our best,” he said. Speaking on education, the Northern Traditional Rulers Council chairman said, they were discussing the issue relating to education because education opens eyes and mind for people to see the bright light of day. According to him, “education will make you be who you are supposed to be, stem the tides of violence everywhere across the world, while it would also uplift the standard of life of people and there will be less criminalities.” He, therefore, called on the government to uplift the standard of education in the various communities and quality of teachers, saying that, with good teachers, the country will have quality education and good graduates. Onyema not abandoned  — South-East govs Kidnappers kill two policemen, abduct seven in Mubi Halt passage of Hate Speech bill, clerics urge National… FUTA NASU kicks against expulsion of Chairman The Sultan expressed appreciation to the Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF) for his contributions to bringing solutions to the challenges in Northern Nigeria. ALSO READ: Open Treasury Portal will tackle corruption in public sector ― APC Earlier, Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna called on the traditional rulers to continue to play a role as community leaders by encouraging youth in their respective communities to identify with government policies that will improve the standard of living and development of the community. El-Rufai who was represented by the Deputy Governor, Dr Hadiza Balarabe commended the royal fathers for taking interest on issues of education and security of the country. He said, his government is committed to ensuring huge resources in the maintenance of security and wellbeing of the people of Kaduna State. According to him “the Kaduna State government is highly committed and determined to eradicate poverty in the state through the implementation of sustainable development goals. El-Rufai, therefore, called on the traditional rulers to address issues on the political development of the region. In his goodwill message, SGF, Boss Mustapha, said, the government recognises the importance of the traditional institution to success or failure of security in the country, in view of the institution’s closeness and interaction with Nigerians at the grassroots. He reiterated the government’s commitments to continuous efforts towards addressing security challenges in the country. According to him, “to underscore the importance of security, huge resources and political will have been deployed since 2015 to decimate the primary and associated challenges.” He noted that President Muhammadu Buhari has recently launched a new National Security Strategy 2019 to sustain the current efforts and introduce new methods and technology into the security architecture. The SGF, however, expressed optimism that, the meeting will proffer new solutions to the challenges of insecurity, calling on the royal fathers to use their good offices to continue to complement the efforts of the government to stem the rising tide of insecurity. While stating that his office will continue to collaborate with traditional rulers, the SGF asked the traditional rulers to influence the people to grow, promote and sustain a united Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!