The Petroleum and Natural Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (PENGASSAN) has expressed deep concern over the state of the nation. In a statement jointly signed by its National President, Comrade Ndukaku Ohaeri and it National General Secretary, Comrade Lumumba Okugbawa, and made available to Tribune Online on Monday, it stated that of particular interest is the very disturbing emerging trend of disobedience to court orders, clamp down on media establishments, vagrant arrests of journalists, and social crusaders, on flimsy reasons. “Also worrisome is the deliberate distribution and propagation of inciting, provocative and misleading messages and fake news by some disgruntled elements in the society capable of causing unrest and civil disobedience. It is our inspired assessment that this trend if not checked portends grave danger to our nascent democracy. “We are also greatly disturbed that the democratic experience we laboured fortuitously for during the military era with other Labour Unions and the Civil Liberties Organisations is gradually taking a dive towards the very issues we resisted, to the point of paying the supreme price as a cost for the struggle in enthroning this democracy. It will, therefore, be irresponsible and unpatriotic for us to stand aloof and watch while the tenets of democracy are being eroded on a daily basis by those we collectively gave our mandates to represent us,” it said. Buhari has taken Nigeria close to Next Level target ― Lai… Wike signs Rivers 2020 budget Trump, Putin discuss Russia attack, arms control, relations Seven killed in Edo communal clash ALSO READ: Buhari presides over security meeting Though PENGASSAN said it has identified the genuine steps taken by the Federal Government in addressing the myriads of economic challenges facing the nation and have severally applauded these efforts such as the institutional reforms, port reforms, financial prudence and anti-corruption campaigns, transparency in the operations of the petroleum downstream industry. “Nevertheless, we believe the economic renaissance must thrive under an atmosphere of freedom and the rule of law. The core fundamentals of modern democracy are the rule of law; without it, there is no democracy. No Nation worth its existence will undermine this essential component of a free society,” it stated. PENGASSAN, therefore, advises for restraint by the various security and law enforcement agencies with regards to potential human right abuses and utter disregard to judicial pronouncements and avoid the reoccurrence of Col Sambo Dasuki, rtd and Mr Omoyele Sowore episode in the political clime and nationhood. “We also demand that the Judiciary should henceforth discharge their constitutional responsibilities within the dictates of the Rule of Law and for posterity. We encourage the Security Agencies to seek ways of mitigating the rising wave of insecurity across the Nation. The Nigeria Police Force (NPF) and the Department of State Security (DSS) should explore partnership and collaborative exchanges with the Labour Unions to curb the seemingly insurmountable threats to lives and properties occasioned by the endless incidences of kidnapping, communal violence, highway robbery and other politically motivated crimes,” it added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!