The Senate on Wednesday directed the Inspector General of Police to ensure better security of lives and property in Boki Local Government Area and to immediately establish a mobile police barracks/station in the headquarters of Boki Local Government Area, for easy deployment to troubled spots. The resolution of the Senate was a sequel to a motion entitled: ‘The Incessant Spate of militancy; cult-related killings and kidnappings; and boundary disputes in parts of Boki Local Government Area, Cross River State.’ The bill was sponsored by Senator Sandy Onor (Cross River Central) and eight others. The Senate which observed a minute silence in honour of those who lost their lives in these disturbances and crises in the communities also urged the Cross River State Government to effectively take over the Boki oil palm estates and delineate the inter-community boundaries accordingly. It also condemned the killings and destruction of properties in its totality in Boje, Nsadop, Iso Bendeghe communities in particular and Boki Local Government Area at large and arrest/prosecute the perpetrators immediately. Sandy in the motion said that that Boki Local Government Area of Cross River State, which is one of the largest LGA’s in the State boasts of large amounts of forests reserves and agricultural produce/products such as palm oil, cocoa, yams, timber amongst others, which are traded locally and internationally. ALSO READ: Court orders recovery of pensions collected by ex-governors He said that in recent times, Boki Local Government Area has been plagued by incessant cult activities, land and boundary disputes and most recently, kidnapping, which has claimed a good number of lives and destroyed properties; Senate condemns security contract with Israeli firm for… Olanipekun knocks Senate, calls for withdrawal of Hate… $30bn external loan: 3 years after, Buhari returns rejected… Audited accounts: FIRS, NDDC, Amnesty, others ignore Senate… Professor Sandy also catalogued the events and casualty suffered by the community and the state. He said that on October 22, 2019, in Okundi Community, Boki Local Government Area, four young men were killed in what appeared to be a clash between the cultists and the community. He expressed concern that there was still crises related to the way and manner the Boki oil palm estates are presently managed. According to him more recently, on November 23, 2019, three non-indigenes who reside in Boje community, Boki Local Government Area, were kidnapped at a farm; Sandy also expressed worry that the peace and harmony as well as the agricultural potency of Boki Local Government Area, being landlords to two oil palm estates and a cocoa estate, is being threatened by the ceaseless and disturbing activities of these cultists. He pointed out that there may be more reprisal attacks by aggrieved parties if the government does not move fast to quell the situation and restore peace and order in the warring communities. The motion was coming sponsored by  Sen. Rose Oko (Cross River North), Sen. Gershom Bassey (Cross River South), Sen. Sani Musa Mohammed (Niger East),  Sen. Abba Moro Patrick (Benue South) and Sen. Michael Nnachi Ama (Ebonyi South). Others include Sen. Orker-jev Emmanuel Yisa (Benue North-West), Sen. Uche Lilian Ekwunife (Anambra Central) and Sen. Gyang Dung Istifanus (Plateau North). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!