Former president, Dr Goodluck Jonathan, has told the nation’s security agencies to fish out the gunmen who attacked the marine post near his residence a few days ago. He said there could be a repeat of the incident if the assailants were not arrested and brought to justice. This was contained in a statement issued by his media assistant, Ikechukwu Eze, in Abuja on Friday. The former president thanked Nigerians from all walks of life who had commiserated with him since the incident,which occurred near his Otuoke, Bayelsa State residence. One soldier was reported killed while another sustained injuries during the attack. The statement reads: “Former President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan has thanked Nigerians for the continuing show of solidarity and sympathy following the Christmas Eve attack by unknown gunmen on his country home in Otuoke, Bayelsa State. One killed, three arrested as police, soldiers foil… Day of mourning in Kazakhstan following plane crash that… Remains of six persons found in wreckage of Hawaii tour… Miss Kenya wins 4th edition of Miss Africa Beauty Pageant “The former president, who stated this while conducting sympathisers round the scene of the attack on Friday, also commended the Nigerian military for their gallantry in repelling the attack by engaging the assailants in a fierce gun duel that unfortunately claimed the life of a soldier. “Dr Jonathan noted that since the assailants attacked his marine security post on December 24, 2019, many Nigerians of different social statuses, including President Muhammadu Buhari, state governors and political party leaders as well as foreigners have either visited him or called to express their heartfelt sympathy over the unfortunate attack in his house. “The former president also reiterated his call on the concerned security authorities to expose and bring the criminals to book as a means of ensuring that such daredevil criminality do not happen again in his community or any other place in the country.” The statement recalled that the assailants who stormed Dr Jonathan’s country home in about five engine boats attacked the marine security post located within the periphery of the residence at about 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday and sought to take control of a gunboat belonging to the military. They were, however, resisted by gallant soldiers who engaged them in a firefight. The gunmen who couldn’t stand the firepower of the military were forced to beat a retreat. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!