Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike has called for the immediate resignation of Seriake Dickson, Governor of Bayelsa State from Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP) saying it is the right thing for Dickson to do so that PDP leaders in Bayelsa State can rebuild the party. This is just as Wike rejected the offer of the leadership of the party to intervene in the conflict between him and Dickson over the Soku Oil Wells/fields returned to Rivers State by the Federal High Court. In an interview on Tuesday, Wike said: “The national leadership of the party should know that the only option left for PDP to be strong in Bayelsa is for Dickson to leave the party,” he said. The governor said that the party’s intervention was no longer profitable in view of the incalculable damage done by the outgoing Bayelsa governor. He said: “Where was the party when Dickson sold out? Why couldn’t they come to speak out? Governor Dickson, you have killed our party in that state. What is anyone wading in for? I am not going to be a party to that and nobody will stop me. “Nobody fights Rivers State and gets any benefits out of it. I have said it severally, I am not here because of my interest. I am here because of the interest of Rivers State. “The party would have waded in when they saw fraud. That Dickson was killing the party in Bayelsa State. He has achieved his aim by making sure nobody comes after him as he leaves office in February 2020. “Do you know the effect of APC winning Bayelsa State? And they are talking of wading in. Reps probe utilisation of N1.062bn IGR, missing N110m NEEDS… Care for rural dwellers, CBN governor charges bankers Gombe gov flags off N3.7b 21 km road in Balanga LGA Cleric decries FG inaction against pollution in Rivers “In fact, Governor Dickson ought to have resigned from the party by now. So that the leaders of PDP in Bayelsa would rebuild the party.” ALSO READ: Obaseki lied, NDDC board was product of broad consensus ― Group Wike added that there was no premise for the intervention by the PDP leadership since the Federal High Court has already determined the issue in question. He said: “I don’t why they are interceding. They have no power to resolve the issue of oil wells. Secondly, the matter has been determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. “Anybody who is not satisfied should go on Appeal. Are they interceding on behalf of someone who betrayed the party? “They know that Governor Dickson betrayed and sold out the party. They know that during the 2019 election in Rivers State, what happened in the state. That Dickson worked with my opponent. “Throughout that period, the National Chairman himself knows, that people were calling from all over the country to know the situation. Dickson never called one day. “This was because of his alignment with the opposition. I can show proof that Dickson had already made up his mind to go over to APC. “I am not going to sit down with anybody to discuss anything as it relates to Governor Dickson. I have no business with Governor Dickson.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!