Armed policemen have been deployed to man the large expanse of land allegedly belonging to the late Second Republic Senate Leader, Dr Olusola Saraki, which Kwara state government revoked last Friday. The Nigerian Tribune gathered those apprehensive residents of Ilofa, GRA, Ilorin where the land is located feared that the deployment of policemen to the area was preparatory to a possible demolition of the structures erected on the land. It is recalled that Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq had announced plans to construct a new secretariat on the land which he claimed was obtained by the late politician without any documentation, a claim the immediate past Senate President, Dr Abubakar Bukola Saraki, and son of late Saraki, denied. Since the revocation order was issued last Friday, the governor and Saraki had engaged in accusations and counter-accusations over the land, which the state government said belongs to the Civil Service Clinic and which Saraki said belongs to his late father. 100% Kwara LG monthly allocation goes for salary ― Governor Kwara gov salutes Christians on Christmas Salary stoppage: Suspended Kwara LG vice chairs, councillors… Kwara partners energy company, to generate 5,000MW power,… ALSO READ: Book on Buhari’s private, public life launched in Abuja It was gathered that heavy security presence was noticed around the area as early as 6:00 am yesterday. It was also gathered that the presence of the policemen in the area might be to prevent the aged women who usually thronged the “charity home” at the end of every month to receive monetary gifts from the Saraki family from gaining entrance into the facility. Reacting to the development, the public relations officer for the state police command, Ajayi Okasanmi, said that deployment of the security men to the area was for security purpose. “It is important to forestall breakdown of law and order in the state, following perceived media war trailing the issue and various reactions from politicians on the matter”, he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.