CNN, the international news network, will this week launch ‘Call to Earth’, a global initiative to engage communities globally in making a difference to protect the future of the planet. Alongside CNN’s broader coverage of climate change and the environment, Call to Earth programming and outreach across TV, digital and social platforms will focus on the positive contributions being made to create a sustainable future. Through this series, CNN will use its global footprint and unique access to tell inspiring stories about the people, projects and places turning the tide on critical issues, from climate change to deforestation. Designed to make an impact, raise awareness and engage communities, Call to Earth is similar to how the CNN Freedom Project has focused on modern day slavery over the last eight years. Far more than solely an editorial initiative, Call to Earth embodies CNN’s commitment to help protect the planet, working with global communities, businesses, NGOs and educational organisations, to inspire positive change. Transport institute to tackle Apapa gridlock with NYSC… Low turnout mars Lagos-Ibadan free train ride COP25: Groups reject carbon markets, demand real solutions… MP slammed for fake marriage proposal during session Ellana Lee, Senior Vice President, CNN, said: “The climate crisis and sustainability are perhaps the defining stories of this generation.  People, especially younger people, care passionately about these issues and as a network we have worked tirelessly to bring them to the fore, from Greenland to Australia, via Russia, the United States and Antarctica.  Call to Earth marks a special new phase in our coverage and a cross-platform, long-term initiative that will focus our efforts and make a real impact, engaging communities and forming fresh connections to help empower those fighting to protect the planet.” Call to Earth is being launched in partnership with Rolex as a shared commitment for a sustainable future. Rolex’s involvement is part of its long-standing Perpetual Planet initiative, through which Rolex shares a common goal with CNN to be a positive force for the environment. CNN has long championed important causes and reported on the environment while Rolex has campaigned in these areas through Perpetual Planet and support for Rolex Laureates – individuals whose contributions to improving the world around them have been acknowledged at the Rolex Awards for Enterprise. Through this partnership, established by CNN International Commercial, the stories of Rolex Laureates will be included in some aspects of CNN’s Call to Earth coverage, and Rolex and CNN will collaborate around community engagement, events and awareness-building. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!