Former Minister of External Affairs, Professor Bolaji Akinyemi, has advised  churches to stop patronising the rich with questionable sources of wealth. Akinyemi gave the advice while speaking with journalists at the centenary anniversary lecture of the Lagos Anglican Diocese held at All Souls’ Church, Lekki, Lagos State. The theme of the lecture, organised by the Diocese of Lagos, is ‘The Church and Good Governance.’ Akinyemi urged churches to continue to preach against the evil of abuse of office by public officials. “The church has to stop showing favouritism towards rich people whose sources of their wealth is questionable, the church should stop worshipping them,” he said. ALSO READ: Fake, plagiarised dissertations and half-baked graduates Ajasin: Political stakeholders ignite debate on leadership,… Street lights: Is nightlife gradually Echoes from Progressive Governors Forum parley in Jos Why election in Nigeria will not be free, fair —Goa’r,… The former minister urged churches in the country to stop worshipping money, adding that the church should have the courage to confront those in authority. Also speaking, the Chairman, Presidential Advisory Commiittee Against Corruption, Professor Itse Sagay, said the present administration had made a lot of progress in the fight against corruption. Sagay, who spoke on the topic, ‘The Role of The Church in Combating Corruption in Nigeria,’ said that looted property worth about one trillion naira had been recovered in the last four years. “My concern is that Nigerians don’t seem to be sufficiently impacted by the war against corruption. People are still shamelessly corrupt. “Nigerians behave as if they are not aware that they are even corrupt and pretend to come to church on Sunday,” he said. The Right Reverend Humphrey Olumakaye, the Bishop of the Diocese of Lagos, said the church would continue to play its godly role in teaching the Christian virtues of transparency, honesty and righteousness in government. He said that the day of reckoning was coming when everyone would give account of their stewardship on earth, while urging everyone not to be too attached to the things of the world. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!