Former Minister of Federal Capital Territory, Lt. General Jeremiah Useini (rtd) has stated that President Muhammadu Buhari meant well for the country but attributed the shortcomings of the administration to bad advisers in the corridors of power. Speaking with newsmen in Jos, the former FCT minister who was also a senator of the eight Assembly said no leader will want things done in a bad way or subject his citizens to hardship, adding that the shortcomings might be attributed to bad advisers. “So if there is anything going wrong at all under the administration, it must be based on bad advisers and not that him as an individual will try to see that things are done badly. So, I think there is a mix up because some people do not understand what democracy is all about and only think it is all about lying to the people and not telling them the truth. ALSO READ: I was not elected to fight executive ― Gbajabiamila I was not elected to fight executive ― Gbajabiamila Bauchi trade, exhibition fair records transactions worth… Edo factional APC chairman slams Obaseki over refusal of… 2019 recorded zero violence in Abraham Adesanya Poly ―… “I tell people that politics is not for people given to falsehood but sincere individuals who are desirous of helping the people and the society to solve their problems. Everybody tries to blame Mr President for every wrongdoing going on but he is just but one man. He is not the Minister for Agriculture for instance or other ministries,” he said. On his appeal lodged at the Supreme Court, Useni said he is still very confident in the judiciary to do the needful. He said: “In as much as I have confidence in the judiciary, there are areas I am not confident with where wrong information was being disseminated. There are some areas where we thought the Appeal Court would look into critically, but unfortunately, they killed that aspect. “When we went to the Court of Appeal in our case, it refused it. The Appeal Court did not even mention it at all. There were lies and misinformation especially when Governor Simon Lalong was filling his INEC form where he gave different names.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!