Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike has declared that henceforth Contributory Health Insurance Scheme would be compulsory in the state. He made the declaration during a courtesy visit by the World Health Organisation Country Representative for Nigeria on Friday at the Government House Port Harcourt. He explained that the move was in demonstration of his administration’s commitment to improving healthcare delivery in the state saying that was the reason for the increased the budgetary allocation for the health sector in the 2020 budget. He said: “We have increased the budgetary allocation for the health sector in the 2020 fiscal year. We have placed priority on health. We are expanding our health facilities for the benefit of our people. ALSO READ: We are being called all manners of names for supporting Buhari ― Senate President “The issue of health is critical to the development of the state. Without health, other sectors will suffer. Therefore, we will continue to invest in the health sector”. He said: “We have said our Contributory Health Insurance scheme will no longer be voluntary.  Henceforth, it will be compulsory for everyone. We have created favourable investment climate for Rivers ―… Council of chiefs, women, youths commend Wike over Soku oil… Wike presents N530bn budget for 2020 I have no hand in Wike’s appointments in Rivers ―… “We will do everything possible to strengthen our partnership with the World Health Organisation and health-related institutions in order to promote the healthcare system in our state.” He announced that the Rivers State Government has procured 200,000 insecticide-treated mosquito nets for distribution to Rivers people in the fight against malaria adding that the state released the state’s counterpart fund for the fight against Yellow Fever in the state. In his remarks, the Country Representative of the World Health Organisation for Nigeria, Dr Peter Lasuba appreciated the investments of the Wike administration in the health sector. He said: “Let me also appreciate you for prioritising social services including health as an engine of human development, poverty eradication and prosperity for all in the State. “Your focus on Universal Health Coverage is a great vision anchored on the global health agenda to ensure healthy lives and wellbeing for this State.” The Country Representative of the World Health Organisation commended the Rivers State Governor for the support for the organisation’s programmes.  He called for the strengthening of the partnership between the World Health Organisation and the Rivers State Government. He said: “I salute your unwavering support to health and humbly encourage you to continue with the noble responsibility.  We are here to continue supporting you in this very important journey.  We need to sustain the successes recorded in the health sector.” While congratulating the Rivers State Governor on his re-election,  the Country Representative of World Health Organisation said that winning the election for the second time is a clear testimony of the governor’s dedication to Rivers development,  which won the hearts of the electorate. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!