THE year 2019 had been fraught with killings, a large percentage of the killings coming through banditry which had states in the north-west part of the country in vice-like grips forcing some of the states such as Zamfara to go for negotiations and amnesty with the criminals. A rundown of some of the major attacks by bandits will suffice to underscore the deadly nature of the problem and the widespread effects of the tragedies that followed. On January 16th, in Guma, Benue State, several people were killed amidst a communal conflict between Jukun and Tiv people. On January 28, seven herders were burnt to death with their cows by a team of suspected vigilantes in Zamfara. Also in Zamfara on February 4, 26 herders attacked seven villages leaving 26 killed in suspected revenge killing over the seven herders killed on January 28. On February 10 and 11 in Kajuru, Kaduna State, a week to the general elections, 141 persons were killed in clashes between herders and farmers. Out of the number, 130 were reportedly Fulani, while 11 were indigenous Adara youths. Miyetti Allah said 66 Fulani people were buried and 65 remained missing. On February 20, at Ebete, in Agatu Local Government Area of Benue State, Kaduna State, 17 persons were killed in an attack by suspected Fulani herdsmen. Six days later, February 26th in Kaduna State, at least 29 people were reported killed in an attack in Karamai community of Kajuru. The attack was a reprisal to the earlier violence where Fulani settlements were attacked. The governor confirmed a few days later that the death toll rose to 40. On March 2, 16 farmers were killed in an attack on Gwer West Local council. Government blamed the attack on allegations of cow theft by livestock guards. Residents said herdsmen brought along many cattle and took over their lands for grazing after killing people. In Bassa, Kogi State, on March 7, 20 Bassa Kwomu were killed in an attack by an Egburra Mozum militia in Bassa LGA, Kogi State. On March 10 in  Aungwan Barde, Kajuru, Kaduna State, police put the death toll at 16 in attack by suspected Fulani herdsmen, while the Adara Development Association claimed that 35 of their people were killed. Also on March 10 in Kaduna State, 17 vigilantes were ambushed and killed by unidentified gunmen in the mainly Muslim area of Birnin Gwari while cattle were stolen. Ninth House: Actions, inactions  and challenges The People’s Republic: How they came The train to Tangier I started my orphanage with set of twins, they are now the… In Maro, Kajuru, Kaduna State on March 11, after a clash between herdsmen and farmers, police said 16 people were killed in an attack carried out by Fulani herdsmen, while the Adara Development Association said 52 were killed in Inkirimi and Dogonnoma villages in Maro. Another version of the attack by a source claimed 46 people were killed in Aungwan Gamu. Still in Kaduna on March 16, 10 people were confirmed killed in Nandu-Gbok village of Sanga council area after an attack by Fulani herdsmen. Residents suspected it was in revenge for an earlier attack where they say 11 cows and 28 sheep belonging to Fulani were slaughtered before the election, On March 17, at Biase, Cross Rivers State, four people were killed in an attack on the community by Ikwo warlords in revenge for burning down their communities. On March 18, in Agatu, Benue State, several persons were killed during a communal conflict that erupted over ownership of lands. The police said that militiamen hired by Egba, Abogbe and Ologba people, were responsible for the attack on residents in the Okokolo area inhabited by Agbaduma people. Also in Benue State, suspected Fulani herdsmen killed 10 people in an attack in Tse Ioreleegeb village, part of Guma council area.  Although the police said that five people were killed in the March 19 attack, the Guma council chairman insisted that 10 were killed. On May 5, 23 people were killed in a retaliatory attack by bandits on Tunga and Kabaje villages in Kaura Namoda Local Government Area of Zamfara State after the death of their suspected ally. Also in Zamfara, on June 9, 16 people, while celebrating the Eid-el-Fitr, were killed by unidentified bandits in Kanoma community of Maru council area of the state. In Sokoto State, it was an all night long killing spree on June 8 stretching to June 9 which left 25 people dead in Kalhu, Tsage and Geeri villages in Rabah Local government Area. Also on June 9,         18 people were killed in Satiru village, also by suspected bandits. Still on June 9, in Niger State, 47 people were killed by bandits following coordinated attacks on eight farming and herding villages in Shiroro Local council. The bandits also rustled 525 cattle. Niger State Emergency Management Agency confirmed finding 47 corpses, while the Permanent Secretary of Niger State for Cabinet and Security, Aliyu Isah Ekan, claimed only 12 were killed while a senator representing the state in the national Assembly, Senator David Uamru said there were 70 casualties. Five days later, 34 people were confirmed killed by Police in a banditry attack on Tungar Kafau and Gidan Wawa in Shinkafi council area, in a clash between herders and farmers conflict. On October 10 in Kaduna State, 55 Christians and Hausa Muslim youths were killed in a reprisal attack following an attack in a market dispute which initially led to the deaths of two persons. In reprisal, a communal conflict erupted in which suspected Adara youths attacked Hausa youth with dozens killed. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!