The order giving by the Federal Government to Department of State Security Services (DSS), for the immediate release of former National Security Adviser (NSA), Col. Sambo Dasuki (rtd) and the convener of #RevolutionalNow protest, Mr Omoyele Sowore, has generated mixed reactions in Sokoto State. A resident of Sokoto, Yusuf Magaji, who spoke with Tribune Online described the decision of the Federal Government as shameful. He condemned the Presidency for the treatment meted out to the former NSA, saying it was a political sentiment. According to him, “it is shameful that the Federal Government can disobeyed up to six different court judgements, including the ECOWAS Court, which hitherto ordered the released of Col. Sambo Dasuki (rtd). “The same government that disobeyed court order now for mere threats  from the international community, quickly ordered his release. “If not for the fear of the international community, why did they deny the man the same freedom all these years, it is  shameful and an act of cowardice on their part” He further accused the Northern elite of keeping quiet on the case of Dasuki all these years. ALSO READ:N30,000 Minimum wage: Gombe gov constitutes negotiation committee He said, “I blamed our leaders in the North for not putting the interest and concern of their people in their heart. “Look at the way the Southern people maintained one voice on Sowore who was even accused of treason. Ebonyi lawmaker supports Buhari’s approval of N37bn… N30,000 Minimum wage: Gombe gov constitutes negotiation… IGP approves deployment of two AIGs, seven commissioners of… Ikpeazu signs 2020 appropriation bill into law “The only offence of Dasuki is what everyone knows, but they kept quiet. “See how  the Federal Government made Sowore more popular by not following a simple court order.“ “I urge the Federal Government to not only release Dasuki and Sowore but to also release other illegally detained persons. “They should respect the rule of law. Any country that is governed without the rule of law is just like rearing animals” he added. Also speaking, another resident of the town, Mal. Sani Sa’a, condemned the Federal Government for releasing the accused persons. He wondered why they should be released despite the evidence of embezzlement of public funds as well as treason against the duo. He called on the government to maintain a close watch on them, saying it will go a long way in maintaining peace in the country. Meanwhile, the spokesman of the family, Ibrahim Sarki, who spoke with Tribune Online via telephone disclosed that the family will react at the appropriate time. He said, “when he is finally released, we will make our position known, but for now, we are following the process of his released. “I promise to get back to you as soon as he is released, thank you,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!