Youths from Ajowa community in the Akoko North West Local Government Area of Ondo State, on Monday prevented over 200 Fulani herdsmen from settling in the community. The Fulani herdsmen who were loaded in a trailer from the Northern part of the country arrived at the town on Monday morning and were about settling down when the youths ordered them back into the truck. It took the intervention of the community leaders to douse the tension but the youths who hinged their decision to turn back the Fulani herdsmen on the havoc done by the herdsmen on farms in the area, especially the issue of kidnapping. They insisted that herdsmen would not be accommodated in the community, saying the number of the Fulani herdsmen was intimidating and they are not ready to witness further havoc in the area. Speaking on the development, the Chairman of Ajowa- in -Council, the Oloso of Oso, Oba Clement Omoola Jimoh, said the number of the herdsmen relocating to the community was embarrassing to them. ALSO READ: I have no intention to become Awujale of Ijebuland ― Subomi Balogun The monarch explained that the community leaders and security agents from the area were able to prevail on the youths not to take the law into their hands, but they insisted that the Fulani herdsmen would not be accommodated in the town. Gunmen kidnap monarch’s wife, two daughters, driver in… Communal crisis: Ondo council boss inaugurates… Akeredolu calls for divine support to boost developmental… UPDATE: Mob sets church on fire, kills policeman over… He noted that the community remained one of the most accommodating communities in the state, but said the number of the Fulani herdsmen transported to the community signalled suspicion but called for caution. The chairman of Ajowa Akoko Community Development, Hon Bakare Ajayi, expressed fear over the new development, saying the people of the community have been battling with some cases of farm destruction in the area and series of kidnapping cases along the axis. He said the youths had to maintain that sending the Fulani herdsmen back from the town is in the best interest of the town when some dangerous weapons were discovered in their luggage which includes, axes, cutlases and sword, and they had to send the visitors away from the town. ALSO READ: Man, 35, arraigned for allegedly defiling minor But one of the herdsmen who identified himself as Issa Ahmed said they had to pay to some indigenes of the town who agreed to accomodate them but expressed surprise over the turn of event. However, the Area Commander, ACP for Ikare Akoko, Mr Razak Rauf, who confirmed the development said police has begun an investigation into the matter. It will be recalled that a similar incident occurred some two years ago when some Fulani herdsmen were turned back from the area. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!