Renowned lawyer, Dr. Olisa Agbakoba (SAN), has asked President Muhammadu Buhari, to engage another model of development which he termed Cooperative Federalism and Economic Transformation which he believes will be accepted by all Nigerians who simply want a good life; good health care, jobs etc if well executed, whilst the restructuring debate continues. Agbakoba made the proposal in an open letter to the president on Thursday, suggesting that it may be time to talk about another model of development since it appears that political restructuring even though important is dividing the people and impeding development. ALSO READ: Zamfara Assembly confirms 19 commissioner-nominees Ekiti varsity sacks over 600 workers, cites irregular… NAFDAC takes measures against abuse of dangerous pesticides,… Zamfara Assembly confirms 19 commissioner-nominees Tribune reporter wins LASU media excellence award “I have no doubt that Cooperative Federalism and Economic Transformation if well executed will be accepted by all Nigerians who simply want a good life; good health care, jobs etc. I think what might unite us all in the quest for development is Cooperative Federalism and Economic Transformation. Cooperative Federalism simply means governments can work together for economic development. “Infrastructure and power readily come to mind. Based on the principle of subsidiarity in federalism which is incorporating the government closest to the people, infrastructure can be commonly developed, for instance, the East West High Way that has been uncompleted because responsibility excludes relevant state governments but under the principle of subsidiarity including state governments improves implementation and also ownership. “Now that we have come to the end of elections by the decision of the Supreme Court, political federalism or by its more popular name “restructuring” may be the way to go but it has not been understood and generally accepted. I understand it but many ask, what is restructuring? I have to admit that the only way restructuring can work is if it is nationally accepted,” Agbakoba stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!