The Forum of All Progressives Congress has described their Kano state colleague, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, as a pride to the ruling party. Kebbi state governor and chairman of the Progressive Governors Forum, Abubakar Atiku Bagudu in a statement to felicitate with the Kano state governor on the occasion of the latter’s 70th birthday said developmental projects being implemented in Kano state by  Governor Ganduje and his commitment to a united prosperous Nigeria has turned Kano state to the envy of all. The statement read in part:” Sowore: We have no hand in attack on Adeyanju, others ― APC Akinlade leads supporters to rejoin APC Ganduje/Sanusi face-off: Abdulsalam heads reconciliation… Edo factional APC chairman slams Obaseki over refusal of… The Progressive Governors Forum (PGF) joins Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, Kano State Governor, to celebrate his 70th birthday. Along with the people of Kano State, and other well-meaning Nigerians, we celebrate this special occasion with you and your family. ALSO READ: Eight months after, Bauchi governor visits home town ”We in particular wish to acknowledge and commend your leadership, vision and commitment to a united prosperous Nigeria. Under the leadership of our party, APC, we acknowledge your contributions to our team of Progressive Governors through your insightful and resolute inputs to the processes of managing governance in Kano State as well as at national level. As Governor of Kano State, through all the development initiatives being implemented by your APC-led government, you certainly represent our political pride! ”Once more, as we rejoice with HE Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, we also join Nigerians to celebrate this festive season and reiterate our commitment to roll out programmes that would strengthen the capacities of our progressive states to create jobs, stimulate economic activity, reduce inequality and diminish poverty in Nigeria. ” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!