A non-governmental organization, Nduka Foundation, has donated a brand new Toyota Hilux Van to the Nri Unit of The Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps, NSCDC, Anambra state command as a contribution towards providing watertight security for the people of the state. Presenting the security van to the corps at the Nri Progress Union Secretariat, Nri, in Anocha local government area, on Tuesday, the coordinator of the foundation, Prince Emmanuel Okafor, said the security of lives and property remains a collective responsibility that should not be left for government alone. Also presented to the Corps was a renovated office complex for smooth operation in the area. Prince Okafor, while expressing satisfaction with the security initiatives of the Willie Obiano administration, commended security personnel, including the local vigilantes, for playing complementary roles in making Anambra more secured. He listed other activities of the Nduka Foundation to include: assistance to the less privilege, reward for excellent service delivery to schools management, scholarship to about ninety people with promising academic future in various secondary schools and institutions of higher learning, among others. Two policemen, two IPOB members  killed in Anambra Hit-and-run driver kills woman in Anambra 2 policemen killed by IPOB in Anambra, says police authority SIM swap: 113 fraudsters arrested, prosecuted in 2019 ―… ALSO READ: EFCC arrests former Kwara lawmaker for leading car theft gang Receiving the security van, the state commandant of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps, NDCDC, Commandant David Billy, represented by Deputy Commandant Moses Alao, thanked the Foundation for being proactive in supporting provision of security to the nooks and crannies of the community, promising to use the vehicle in the interest of the public. While assuring of continued synergy between security agencies in providing adequate security for the people, Commandant Billy noted that no investment is too much to secure lives and property. The Chairman of Anaocha Local Government Area, Honourable Patrick Onyedum, and members representing Anaocha one and two constituencies in the State Assembly, Honourables Ejike Okechukwu and Ebele Ejiofor, commended the Nduka Foundation for its various supports to human and community development, calling on others to emulate him. In his remarks, the President-General, Nri Progress Union, Oba Chiedozie Obiegbunam, thanked the Nduka Foundation for the massive investment in the development of Nri ancient kingdom, urging beneficiaries to be more committed to achieving results. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!