A total of 1, 616 civil servants in Bauchi State are to participate in the 2019 State Civil Service Promotion Examination to enable those who pass to move to the next grade level in the service. This was disclosed during a one-day sensitisation workshop organised for the qualified staff by the Office of the State Head of Civil Service in collaboration with a private company, Dugge Management Services Limited. While declaring the workshop opened at the Multipurpose Indoor Sports Hall, Bauchi, the State Head of Civil Service, Alhaji Ahmed Ma’aji said that the importance of the workshop cannot be overemphasised as it will acquaint the participants with regulatory, professional and general knowledge of the public service. ALSO READ: Sowore: DSS is a monster that may consume all of us ― Advocacy group According to him, the workshop has overtime contributed towards boosting the staff capacity, reading culture and increased performance to duties for effective service delivery. He added that “Based on experience as a seasoned administrator that handled training for years if civil servants are left completely without any structured measurement tool of their capability on the job, it would be highly devastating to them and the system”. UNICEF reiterates commitment to quality health care in… Bauchi first lady eats lunch with inmates, donates items Bauchi unveils action plan for newborns to check morbidity,… Bauchi IDPs: We were given 300 bags of expired rice which we… The number one Civil Servant in the state described the sustenance of the Promotion Examination policy as a clear demonstration of the present administration’s commitment to the uplifting of the State Civil Service as part of efforts to ensure human capital development. Ahmed Ma’aji further said that in order to revamp both the Civil Service and the State at large, Governor Bala Mohammed in the last 6 months of his administration has demonstrated his intentions through meaningful actions and achievements that are already being recorded. ” It is, therefore, my belief that, with the current commitment of His Excellency, the Governor, this administration, coupled with the reciprocal commitment of civil servants, our goal of high-quality delivery will be achieved”, he declared. In a welcome address, the Overseeing Permanent Secretary, Establishment and Servicom Matters Bureau, Office of the Head of Civil Service  Alhaji Isika Tijjani Bello, recalled that Civil Service Promotion Examination is one of the major condition for the promotion of civil servants as government primarily introduced the policy to ensure efficient and productive public service. Tijjani Isiaka also said that the state government has been partnering with Dugge Management Services Limited in conducting the examination to assist the beneficiaries with the method of the promotion to enable them to excel. He expressed satisfaction that in the last edition of the 2018 promotional examination, it recorded over 90% percent passes which indicated that the policy is worthwhile. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!