The Bayelsa State governor-elect, Chief David Lyon, has promised to investigate the debt profile of Bayelsa State under the administration of the outgoing governor, Hon. Seriake Dickson, their deployment and outstanding contractual obligations in order to meet such obligations. Chief Lyon stated this while inaugurating the 59 member Transition Council set up by the All Progressive Congress (APC) in the state, urging the committee to scrutinize all accounts of the state government and be meticulous with their work. According to David Lyon, the transition Council must develop and identify failures of the outgoing administration but also proffer possible solutions to tackle the economic, security, development, infrastructure and the several other areas that often put the machinery of government in the negative. Lyon also set out a 12 points term of reference for the committee including the close monitoring of the outgoing governor’s dealings with banks and financial institutions and scrutinise Bills passed into law within the past 4 years. Among other terms of reference are for the committee to interface with the outgoing administration for the purposes of a smooth hand-over/take-over and receive hand-over documents from Ministries, Departments and Agencies. Part of the reference document read “to analyse hand-over notes and identify, prioritize important or urgent issues confronting the incoming Government, to review and preliminary assessment of the balance sheet of government with particular emphasis on, check the Status and liabilities of Government and the Cashflow position of the Government including specific x-raying on relationship with all banks and financial institutions’ “To check the quantum of Public Domestic and External Debt of Government and their deployment, Government’s outstanding contractual obligations and its ability to meet such obligations, the status of implementation of capital projects, the status of Budget Performance (especially the Current Budget) and status of IGR and Taxes. “Provide brief on civil service reforms carried out in the past seven years; workforce of core Ministries, Departments and Agencies; recruitment/career appointments made and staff disposition records for the past four years and provide brief on pension funds Administration; note record of outstanding indebtedness on payment of gratuity and allowances to pensioners.” Cost of crude oil production threatens Nigeria’s… Reps to probe security breaches during Bayelsa, Kogi guber… Coalition calls for cancellation of Bayelsa governorship… Bayelsa election: We won the election fairly, APC replies… Chief David Lyon in his speech also noted that though the challenges before the APC and the incoming administration are enormous, that “some Bayelsans have witnessed these challenges before and may have been thinking of what to do to address them if given the opportunity.” “Some others are here to contribute fresh ideas towards addressing the issues before us. We have often talked about the failures of the outgoing government and its inability to solve the problems bedevilling our state. ALSO READ: UPDATE: Buhari launches national security roadmap “The onus now lies in us to bring to bear those solutions that we have, for long, kept in our hearts. You must have in mind that the task before us is enormous and must, therefore, bring your utmost best in proffering solutions to our numerous challenge Lyon said. “It is often said that the true test of a man’s character is when you give him power. It has fallen on you, ladies and gentlemen, not just to find and identify failures of the outgoing administration but also proffer possible solutions to tackle the economic, security, development, infrastructure and the several other areas that often put the machinery of government in the negative. “This, we must do to regain the confidence Bayelsa people have reposed in us. It has fallen on us to protect the health of those without wealth and to seek solutions to insecurity, which has continued to threaten our right to life Lyon said. “This is a duty that you must discharge with dignity, determination and distinction for which you are widely admired. I thank you all so much for showing up for this great state assignment. I can’t describe how fulfilled I feel when we connect as one for a greater purpose. I mindfully took this path and to this day I have had no course to regret. Also speaking, the Chairman of the Transition Committee and Former acting Governor, Werinipre Seibarogu, thanked the Party and the Governor-elect for the opportunity to serve and vowed to fulfil the terms of reference handed the committee. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!