Sokoto state Governor, Rt. Hon. Aminu Waziri Tambuwal has indicated that his administration is set to resuscitate the operations of the State Judicial Service Commission and the Law Reform Commission. The Governor disclosed this while swearing-in the Acting Grand Kadi of the state and three new high court judges that would serve in the state Sharia Court of Appeal and State High Court. This is according to a statement signed by the Special Adviser on Media and publicity to the Governor, Muhammad Bello, and released to journalists in Sokoto on Tuesday. The statement said the Acting Grand Khadi is Khadi Tambari Muhammad Yabo while the High Court Judges are Muhammad Muhammad, Aliyu Garba Sifawa and Raliya Usman Muhammad. The governor enumerated the names of those that will be nominated to serve as members of the State Judicial Service Commission as Abdullahi Maccido Ahmed, Abdulkadir Saidu Tambuwal and Abubakar Chika Sale. Those nominated for appointment into the State Law Reform Commission also includes Justice Muhammad Haliru Binji, who is to serve as Chairman and A.Y Abubakar, Chairman of the Nigeria Bar Association, NBA, Sokoto branch, who will serve as a member. N26.6m fraud: ICPC drags ex-law reform commission scribe to… We must tackle almajiri syndrome now or … ― Tambuwal People with disabilities in Sokoto endorsed Tambuwal . Tambuwal, Bafarawa attends funeral of 26 persons killed by… Meanwhile, Gov. Tambuwal has disclosed that the appointments of the judges followed due process, and all those appointed were qualified legal representatives who merited their positions on the bench. He said that judicial officers in the state have shown great determination to ensure effective service delivery. According to him, “the ongoing renovation of state high court is in top gear while the construction of high court divisions in Isa, Gwadabawa and Tambuwal will be completed next year. “The state Sharia Court of Appeal will also be renovated while sharia courts will be constructed where necessary” he assured. Governor Tambuwal further maintained that training and retraining of all cadres of judicial officers, judges khadis, a magistrate would be maintained in order to keep them abreast with the judicial circle globally. “I want to assure you and indeed the legislative arm of the government of our continued support and cooperation,” Tambuwal added While congratulating them, Tambuwal expressed confidence that they would handle their new position of responsibilities with due dignity, integrity and commitment. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.