Families and constituents of Imo West Senatorial District have declared a 21-day of mourning for the late Senator Benjamin Uwajumogu who died at the age of 51 years last Wednesday in Abuja. Member Representing Ehime Mbano/Ihitte Uboma/Obowo Federal Constituency of Imo State, Hon. Chike Okafor announced the period of mourning in a statement issued in Abuja on Friday. Hon. Okafor described the passing of the Late Uwajumogu, who was a member of his constituency as an irreparable loss to his people. ALSO READ: Wike makes Contributory Health Insurance Scheme compulsory FG, IG should probe killing of police officers in Imo — Igbo… How border closure cost Nigeria international maritime… Court reserves judgment in appeal against Ihedioha’s… Corps members in Imo advised against unnecessary travels,… According to him, the late lawmaker lived for his constituents, thereby making it imperative to mourn his death. Okafor in a sombre statement also announced the postponement of his constituency outreach programmes in respect of the late Senator. The statement read in part: “This is a solemn period for me and indeed every citizen of Ehime Mbano – Ihitte Uboma – Obowo Federal Constituency and the entire Imo West Senatorial District. “So with a deep sense of loss and in honour of my fallen elder brother, Senator and indeed my constituent, I hereby announce the suspension of all my already scheduled legislative engagements this season. Till further notice – The empowerment Programme scheduled for Friday, 20th of December. The distribution of equipment to Communities for their health centres across the three Local Government Areas slated for December 23rd, the formal launch of our Community Health Insurance Scheme, also on the same date, the annual Okigwe South Children’s party slated for 27th December are all postponed. “Furthermore, on behalf of the Ehime Mbano – Ihitte Uboma – Obowo Federal Constituency which I represent, I declare 21 days of mourning in our Federal Constituency, in honour of the memory of our departed son. By this, I am also announcing my non-appearance in social functions within the period of mourning”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!