The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) Ekiti State command has confirmed the arrest of two herdsmen and their cows following series of complaints by farmers on the destruction of their farm harvests in the state. Tribune Online had last week reported the alarm raised by farmers following the destruction of their multi-million naira farm products by suspected Fulani herdsmen. The state commandant of NSCDC, Mr Solomon Iyamu who disclosed this to journalists in Ado-Ekiti on Tuesday, however, did not reveal the identities of the two herders. The NSCDC boss said the arrest of the suspects was made possible through a joint operation of the Agro Rangers Unit of the command, Nigerian Army, Police, Ekiti State Anti-Grazing Agency and men of Vigilante Group of Nigeria (GVN). ALSO READ: [BREAKING] Ballon d’Or 2019: Messi beats Ronaldo, Van Dijk to clinch ‘best player of the year’ award The operation which he said lasted for about six hours took place at Ago Aduloju and Ogbese axis of Ise-Orun and Gbonyin local government areas of the state, said the suspects would be taken to court upon completion of investigations. NSCDC arrests man for attempting to sell son for N5m in… Oyo govt rids Ibadan of 48 destitute people 12-year-old boy, Civil Defence officer, others kidnapped in… Edo CP, family disagree over N6m ransom demanded for release… He added that about 7 cows seized during the operation are currently at the premises of the corps in Ado-Ekiti. The Ekiti NSCDC commandant explained that there have been a series of complaints by farmers, especially herders migrating from neighbouring states to Ekiti in search of fresh pastures for their animals. According to him, “The herders who were discovered uprooting tubers to feed their animals and also destroyed bans and other valuables, they were arrested when they were destroying some farms along Ado/Ijan road. “The suspect will be charged to court after preliminary investigation with a call to other herders who may want to migrate to the state to stop destroying farms and other criminal activities associated with cattle rearing. The arrested herders of Fulani Origin are now assisting the Corps in our investigations. Iyamu appealed to farmers in the State not to take laws into their hands and always report any perceived herder’s threat to the men of Agro Rangers Unit of the Corps for prompt assistance. He commended the Commandant General of the NSCDC for his laudable achievement geared towards solving farmers/herders clash in the country which he said has given birth to Agro-Rangers Unit and safeguard investments of farmers as well that of herders in Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!