Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Monday assured the business community that the state government has concluded plans to improve infrastructure around industrial zones and communities in the state, assuring that all necessary amenities that can enhance the growth of businesses in Lagos would be put in place. Sanwo-Olu gave this assurance while speaking during a courtesy visit by the Ambassador of Switzerland to Nigeria, George Steiner and Board Members of the Swiss-Nigeria Business Council, to the Lagos House in Alausa, Ikeja. The governor asserted that his administration would build up the relationship between the state and Swiss companies, expressing the hope that Lagos would be a lasting destination for Swiss businesses. “I believe your trip will further reinforce and will signpost to other companies that we are ready and we can collaborate for good. And one of the things that we are doing is to make the business environment in Lagos accessible. Something we’re continuously talking about is that we can make doing business here a whole lot better. ALSO READ: INEC must streamline political parties for robust democracy ― Aboluwoye “We are building transportation, building infrastructure and reinforcing our security agencies to ensure that Lagos is secure for all of us,” the governor said. Sanwo-Olu urges corps members to be agents of positive… Sanwo-Olu charges AIDS agency to track 60,000 untreated HIV… We’ll improve business environment to make investment… Lagos Assembly approves N250bn loan, suspends council boss “We want to reassure you that our government looks forward to opportunities that will foster our relationship with Swiss companies. We want to see how we can grow the number of Swiss companies in Lagos and make Lagos a destination of choice for them,” he added, urging the Ambassad6or to take back the message that “Lagos is ready” for Switzerland. Steiner, who spoke earlier, thanked Sanwo-Olu for committing time and effort to make the business environment of Lagos firm and inviting to foreign and local business owners. The ambassador emphasised on the importance of Lagos market to Switzerland and further stressed that his country was making an effort to expand its business presence for the benefit of Lagosians. “I believe we have an excellent relationship with this country, Lagos, most of all. We will like to create wealth for the benefit of Swiss Companies and of course, the benefit of a Greater Lagos as Lagos especially is an important market for us. “In view of strengthening our presence, we set up a Swiss-Nigeria Business Council in 2017. My visit to Mr Governor is a strong sign to determine to do more for Swiss Companies and most importantly, Lagos,” Steiner said. Also present for the visit are; the Deputy Governor, Dr Obafemi Hamzat; Consul-General of Switzerland and some members of the Executive Council of Lagos State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!