Executive Chairman, Federal Inland Revenue Service, Muhammad Nami, has warned that the agency may put a lien on bank accounts of defaulting taxpayers. In a statement which he personally signed and released on Sunday, Nami also offered a 30-day window to enable taxpayers, obtain Tax Clearance Certificate. In the statement titled Facilitating 2020 Tax Clearance Certificate (TCC) Issuance, Nami said the notice was issued to assist taxpayers to meet their obligations as they might need TCC. He noted that the offer to ease issuance of TCC is in accordance with the provisions of Section 101 (1) of CITA LFN 2004 and in conformity with Self-Assessment Regulation, 2011. He warned though that FIRS will not fail to invoke the provisions of the Law, including enforcement and imposition of lien should it be apparent that a taxpayer has misled the FIRS to issue a TCC. SEC approves extension of C&I right issue Getting ready for the new year 2019 events in the banking sector The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People by Stephen Covey ALSO READ: Sacked Oyo LG Chairmen warn banks, civil servants against funds approval, disbursement to Caretaker Chairmen The full text of the Public Notice reads: “Following the numerous complaints received from our esteemed taxpayers with respect to difficulties encountered before obtaining Tax Clearance Certificate (TCC) and the fact that taxpayers need TCC to enable them to, inter alia, seek and obtain contracts and loans, renew permits, registrations, franchises, agreements and/or licenses that will invariably generate revenue from which taxes will be paid, Management has looked into the above complaints and has taken steps to ease the process of obtaining TCC. “Consequently, notice is hereby given that the Service has put in place machinery to issue 2020 TCC for all eligible taxpayers from 2nd January to 31st January, 2020. “The Service may not hesitate to use enforcement activities including the imposition of a lien on bank accounts of such defaulting companies to recover any outstanding debts when it discovers that the taxpayer has misled the Service in her duty to observe tax compliance. “The issuance of TCC to ease the burden of taxpayers is in line with the provisions of Section 101 (1) of CITA LFN 2004 and in conformity with Self-Assessment Regulation, 2011. “Taxpayers are therefore encouraged to take advantage of this initiative and apply for their 2020 TCC, as soon as possible.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!