Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide has maintained that the Igbo Presidency remains the key to unlock Nigeria’s potentials to its fullest. The group in a statement signed and made available to newsmen in Abakaliki on Saturday, by its President General, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, and his Secretary, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, noted that the Igbo presidency 2023 remains the most justified Nigeria Project, that is more feasible and realisable. The group further added that Igbos will favour the North and other parts of the country because Igbos are in all the 774 local councils in the country. The group, however, described a statement by the Arewa Youths president, Yerima Abbas Shettima, in a recent interview as a hate speech. ALSO READ: Christian persecution: You got it totally wrong, CAN hits back at Sultan New Year or elongation of old? How has the year been? How North uses Shettimas to catch monkeys in Nigeria A song like Senator Uwajumogu According to Ohanaeze youths, promoting ethnic domination by saying a Northerner will succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023 will fuel ethnic crisis, instability, political crisis and corruption in governance. The statement reads in part: “In a secular nation like ours, pursuing obviously unnatural and unhealthy agenda will threaten the unity of the country, and we urge ACYF President to tread cautiously with his promotion of a Northerner succeeding Buhari in 2023. “Igbo presidency project will favour the North in 2023, as Yar’Adua favoured the Niger-Delta, Obasanjo’s regime favoured the North and Jonathan favoured the North and South, President Muhammadu Buhari had fairly appeased the North in terms of appointments and projects and South-West too. “Nigeria needs a radical departure and we want to try Igbo ingenuity and entrepreneurial spirit, indomitable vigour in governance in 2023. “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide will engage all ethnic nationality groups on consultative meetings including Arewa Consultative Youths Forum, from January 2020 regarding the 2023 Igbo Presidency project, and other mutual issues, dialogue and building bridges across the Niger remains the potent force to engage each other through moral persuasion and building alliances across the country.”  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!