The residents of Obi constituency of Nasarawa state have been told that correct information and HIV testing remains the best way to stem the tide of HIV/AIDS in Nigeria. The House of Representatives Member representing Obi Constituency in Nasarawa state, Abubakar Sarki Dahiru made this known during the opening ceremony of the 2019 Media Campaign and free HIV counselling and testing services organized by him. Dahiru who was represented by the Executive Secretary to Chairman of Obi Local Government Area Abdulmalik Abdullahi, stated that ‘’the event was put together as part of the 2019 constituency project to empower residents of the area with information on how to prevent HIV transmission, provide other medical services which includes malaria test, High blood pressure check, blood sugar level check and avail residents with the opportunity to test for HIV which is a very important aspect of the outreach being carried out within Obi constituency. He said the outreach which was slated for two days, would provide free malaria, High blood pressure, and diabetes drugs including HIV prevention tools, he also said educational materials and condoms were provided for participants at the outreach. Also, speaking at the event was the representative of Niphemy Solutions Ltd, Mr Tunde Ojo, who is coordinating the outreach on behalf of Dahiru, said they were excited about the turnout of residents of Obi community as the crowd present is reassuring that the 2-day period for the outreach will be enough to meet its target. ALSO READ: Sowore, Dasuki’s release: Buhari not muzzling judiciary ― Bamidele Christmas: Lawmaker warns Nigerians against rumour-mongering 73-yr-old man arrested for allegedly defiling 3-yr-old child… UNICEF, Kaduna Govt. counsel 184,825 youths on HIV in Jema’a Nasarawa ministries to sign agreement with Dangote Flour… Mr Ojo explained that the strategy used in delivering the outreach includes courtesy call to Osuko Obi, Aliyu Dangwa Ogiri Orume (Paramount Chief of Obi LGA), placements of radio and television jingles in the state broadcasting service as well as roadshow across Oleye, Oriso, Ope. Oyara. Oloso, Angwan Dankali, as well as a brothel, motorcycle park (Okada riders) amongst others all within Obi constituency area. Hajia Hawa Abdulmalik one of the beneficiaries of the free medical services expressed their delight. She stated that she heard about the programme on radio and she decided to come with her husband and 3 years old daughter who has malaria. “I was attended to by the people testing people, I test for HIV and blood sugar level and my daughter was given malaria drugs and vitamin C and other plenty drugs, I thank our Honourable and may Allah bless him”, she said. Another beneficiary who simply identified himself as Danny boy said the HIV education that was provided had given him the courage to test for HIV for the first time in his life. ‘’I always hear about HIV and I am sacred about it but today, I learnt that HIV cannot kill you if you test and know if you get am or you no get on time and medicine is free and that is why I have the confidence to test for HIV today and I happy say I no get am” he said. The HIV Media campaign and free HIV counselling was carried out by member representing Obi Constituency at the House of Representatives, Abubakar Dahiru with support from Government of Nigeria through National Agency for the Control of AIDS (NACA) which is aimed at ensuring that every Nigerians know their HIV status and ending AIDS by 2030. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!