Aliko Dangote has reiterated his commitment to erasing malnutrition in the country and Africa by pledging that by 2020, fortification of staples would have increased to 90 per cent as against 75 per cent recently recorded. Speaking at a press briefing to mark the 2nd Annual Nigeria Food Processing and Nutrition Leadership Forum in Lagos recently Dangote said last year, the country’s fortified food compliance rate was 50 per cent, adding that it has now improved to 75 per cent, insisting that by 2020, it is projected to reach 90 per cent if all hands are on deck. Aliko Dangote, President of Dangote Group, in collaboration with Bill Gates Foundation, the National Agency for Food & Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Standard Organisation of Nigeria (SON), Consumer Protection Commission (CPC), along with the Minister of Health, Minister of Trade and Investment and other stakeholders renewed their commitment to achieve 90 per cent compliance on food fortification in the country. ALSO READ: Every administration has a cabal, it is not unusual ― Presidency Hate Speech Bill: Senator Abdullahi adamant, says it will… After 28 years: Gov Bello inaugurates chapel in Kogi… Stop alleged auction of 24 seized tankers, petrol marketers… Over 10,000 less privileged people benefit from free health… Dangote, however, appealed to NAFDAC not to only focus on the big players in the food business, but go after small players as well. “On our part as a company, we have ensured Dangote Rice is fortified. We know there’s presently a mandate on all locally made rice to be fortified. We trust NAFDAC and Standard Organisation of Nigeria (SON) to ensure this is complied with. We do not expect to have foreign rice in the country anymore, but should they come, the regulatory bodies should also ensure they meet the standard.” Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, on his part, said fortification of food would play a role in addressing malnutrition in the country, adding that children and adults with lack of micronutrients can get them back with fortified foods. The Director General, NAFDAC, Prof Mojisola Adeyeye said the agency’s enforcement team was ensuring every food production player in the country complies with the standard. “If samples fail, we do not approve. So, everyone is pushing to meet the target,” she added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!