Sokoto State Governor, Rt. Hon. Aminu Waziri Tambuwal on Friday assented the 2020 appropriation of N202 billion as passed by the State House of Assembly. Speaking while appending his signature to the document, Governor Tambuwal praised the lawmakers, majority of whom belong to the opposition political party- All Progressives Congress (APC), for their patriotism and unflinching commitment to the collective good of the people of the state. According to a statement signed by his Special Adviser on Media and publicity, Muhammad Bello, and made available to journalists in Sokoto on Saturday, the governor said, “the assembly despite being controlled by the APC which is in the majority has rallied round the government and supported it in the interest of serving the people of the state.” He assured that “this gesture shall not be misplaced. Members of SOHA must be commended for their uncommon patriotism to deliver democratic dividends to the people of Sokoto State, that is the crux of our commitment which supersedes party affiliations.” ALSO READ: Two arrested for duping bank manager of N70m in Adamawa He applauded the assembly for its speedy consideration of the budget in three weeks in line with the World Bank benchmark. New Year or elongation of old? How has the year been? How North uses Shettimas to catch monkeys in Nigeria A song like Senator Uwajumogu “The ball is now in the court of the executive to ensure proper implementation of the budget. We will work closely with the parliament in doing so,” he further assured. Speaking earlier while presenting the passed budget bill to the governor inside the council chamber of the Government House, Sokoto, the Speaker of the Sokoto State House of Assembly, (SOHA), Rt. Hon. Aminu Muhammad Achida, noted that the Assembly was aware of the achievements of the administration despite financial constraints. He said, “the implementation of the 2019 budget has recorded a lot in the areas of education, health and rural development as well as many others. “We will continue to accelerate the passage of any bill that is meant to improve the lots of the people of the state,” explained the Speaker who said that the Assembly approved the budget during its sitting number 122. Achida commended the executive for “its record achievement in the modest improvement of internally generated revenue (IGR). The speaker disclosed that the 2020 budget worth of N202 billion, presented to the assembly by the executive earlier in the month has been approved in totality. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!