The House of Representatives on Tuesday called on Federal Government to immediately review the immigration procedures in all the nation’s borders with a view to restrict illegal immigration and repatriation of illegal aliens residing across the country. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion titled: ‘The closure of Nigerian territorial borders – Not enough,’ sponsored by Hon. Rotimi Agunsoye. In his lead debate, Hon. Agunsoye acknowledged that the closure of all the land borders over the past 3 months attracted various criticism from the Nigerian public as well as border communities, neighbouring countries and some countries of the world. According to him: “The House is cognizant of the monstrous challenges bedevilling the economy of the nation as a result of illicit and rampaging activities that have festered along our land borders all around the country “The House observes that whereas the decision of this administration on the closure of the National land borders follows the global trend of increased monitoring of international borders to check and ascertain,  especially, the inflow of goods and immigration of foreigners. ALSO READ: Three reasons I appreciate #TribunePlatinumAwards conferred on me ― Ajimobi “The House is assured that Nigeria remains the giant of Africa and an unchallengeable influence in the comity of African nations Constituency projects: Reps probe unspent fund under… Unaudited accounts: Reps threaten to delist erring MDAs from… Reps meet Fashola, Saraki, others over $22.718bn external… Reps move to separate office of AGF from Minister of Justice “The House is further aware that several decisions and policies of the Nigerian Government would most often continue to have an impact on countries of Africa and other nations of the world having socio-economic ties with Nigeria “The House is worried about the continued influx of illegal immigrants mostly of African descent into the country, who gained easy access through the various porous land borders. “The House is further worried that the uncontrolled immigration of unlawful immigrants into the country poses a strained socio-economic and political threat to the country. “The House is cognizant that to have sustained economic growth as well as security and political stability, Nigeria has to strengthen and control movements at borders and repatriate illegal aliens and unlawful immigrants. “The House is further cognizant that the implementation of stringent immigration policies and restrictions of illegal movements along the country’s international borders would sprout imminent verbal and direct attacks from neighbouring countries and other countries of the world. “The House is a commitment to ensuring the propagation of government policies targeted at sustainable socio-economic development, security and prosperity for the entire nation.” To this end, the House tasked the Comptroller General of Nigerian Immigration Service (NIS), Mr Muhammed Babandede and Comptroller General of Nigerian Customs Service (NCS), Col. Hammed Ali to be committed to and exercise full control over the movement of persons and good along Nigerian international borders. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!