Mrs Esther Kehinde Sowore, the mother of the publisher of Sahara Reporters and convener of #RevolutionNow protest, Omoyele Sowore, has decried his continued detention, demanding that he is released. She disclosed this in an interview with an online TV. Recall that Sowore has been in the custody of the Department of State Services (DSS) for 123 days after he was arrested in Lagos on August 3, 2019. He was arraigned alongside Olawale Bakare on a seven-count charge bordering on treasonable felony, cyberstalking, and money laundering. Tribune Online also recalls that Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu granted Sowore bail at N100million and two sureties in the same amount and barred him from travelling out of Abuja. In a three-minute video, Esther Sowore called on President Muhammadu Buhari, and Director-General of the DSS, Yusuf Bichi, to release her son especially after he has met his bail conditions. She said the continued detention of Sowore has led to her ill-health. Sowore’s battle, fight for all Nigerians ― Laosun We are not ready to release Sowore to mobs ― DSS Protesters demand Sowore’s release in Lagos We’re awaiting credible persons to receive Sowore ―… ALSO READ: Hate speech, social media bills dangerous attacks on freedom of expression, says Amnesty International She said: “Dear SSS, dear Buhari, I am Yele Sowore’s mother. I am sending you this message as a mother. I am a woman, your mother is a woman, your wife is a woman also. This is December and Yele has been taken away since August. “He always comes to me in the village every December but you have been holding him. I am a widow, my son has always been like that. He speaks against injustice and stands up against it. He doesn’t run away, he faces his case. Please release him and let him face his case in court. I know him, he can’t run away because he knows he has not committed any crime. “You are a Muslim, I plead in the name of Allah, leave my son, release him. I call on all mothers to speak out, let us join voice for the sake of the future of our children. “Omoyele is only asking for a better Nigeria so that all our children can have good future. My mind is disturbed that he has not been allowed to go for medical care since August. Alhaji Bichi Yusuf, please obey the law since you have gone to court release Omoyele Sowore now. “Since I gave birth to him, he always speaks against evil. Even in the village, before he went to school in Lagos, he has always been like that. He is not a criminal, release Sowore now. Please release my son because you have your own son, you take care of your son, let me take care of my children. “I am a widow, release my son. I cannot eat, I cannot sleep and it is affecting my health. Please release Omoyele Sowore, my son. He is not a criminal. Omoyele is not a criminal, leave him.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!