With full regards and compliments to the office of President Muhammadu Buhari, I write as a tax-paying Nigerian citizen with great respect and sense of patriotism, to register my displeasure over the recent conduct of operatives of the Department of State Service (DSS), when they invaded and desecrated the court in an attempt to re arrest Omoyele Sowore and Olawale Bakare. The DSS has its own Act that governs its conduct and I don’t think it is stated there in that the DSS is empowered to arrest any suspect in the court. The question to be asked is; what signal are we sending to the international community? The Nigerian judiciary deserves to be respected by all Nigerians, including the president; because the court is the last hope of common man. We need to emulate the United Nations and Great Britain. Let me use this medium to call on the Great Britain who colonised Nigeria to intervene in all the current problems facing our nation by offering our government useful advice. It is my belief that if Great Britain advises our president, he would adhere to it. All eyes are on Nigeria, I want to plead with President Muhammadu Buhari to do the right thing about Omoyele Sowore, his mother, Esther Sowore, had also pleaded with the president; no mother would be happy seeing her son languishing in a cell. Embracing ‘oceans of emotion’ in life’s journey Ekiti APC administration has failed —Lawal Isaac Delano: Nationalist, language educator and scholar of… Wike: A prophet recognised by his people It is in view of this that I call on President Buhari to order the DSS to follow the rule of law because by law, Sowore is presumed to be innocent until otherwise proved. Sowore is a Nigerian citizen and security agencies in Nigeria should be told to treat the court of law with a modicum of respect as the court is the last hope for common man. President Buhari should mandate the DSS operatives to apologise to Nigerians for its recent invasion of the court, those around the president should tell him the truth about court orders.  Jimoh Mumin Esq. 08034435211. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!