The acting Chairman, Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, has cautioned Nigerian youths currently undergoing the mandatory national youth service against speaking ill of Nigeria. Magu gave the charge in Ede, Osun State on Thursday, while delivering a lecture at the state’s permanent orientation camp of the National Youth Service Corps, NYSC. The lecture was delivered on Magu’s behalf by the Ibadan Zonal Head of the commission, Friday Ebelo. He charged them to always look out for how they could contribute their quota in tackling the nation’s challenges. According to a statement released by the Commission’s spokesperson, Wilson Uwujaren, Magu said “rather than dwell on the myriad of challenges facing the country and using same to talk down on it, the youth should rather look inwards and offer solutions that will bring the nation back on the track of her avowed giant status.” ALSO READ: Climate change affecting family incomes ― Buhari SDP National Publicity Secretary joins APC Mixed reactions trail Kalu’s conviction over N7.65bn fraud Provost seeks FG’s special intervention on N256… Oyo govt to collaborate with Agric based institution to… He added that “The nation looks up to you for solution to her problems. It is up to you to make yourselves available in proffering those solutions. “Don’t join those whose pastime is running down the country. Such attitude will neither help us as individual nor answer any of our national questions. “As corps members, you have the responsibility to defend your country with your all and do everything to help her overcome her challenges. “The ultimate way to achieve this is to always stand against corruption. You must also speak against it at every opportunity. No nation develops carrying heavy corruption burden,” he admonished. The EFCC boss’ message was also delivered at the NYSC orientation camp for the Oyo State corps member in Iseyin. The second-in-command to the Ibadan zonal head, Bright Igeleke, who delivered the message charged the youth to be hard-working, patient and follow the right path to success. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!