In appreciation of his tremendous contribution to the establishment and development of Federal University, Kashere, Gombe state, second executive Governor of Gombe State, Muhammadu Danjuma Goje was on Saturday conferred with the honorary Doctor of Science degree by the University during its 3rd, 4th and 5th combined convocation ceremony. While extolling the virtues of the awardee, Vice-Chancellor of the University, Prof Alhassan Mohammed Gani disclosed that Muhammad Danjuma Goje is now the Senator representing Gombe Central provided some road network within the campus to ease movement. ALSO READ: Tinubu should succeed Buhari ― Group agitates The VC added that the Senator funded the construction of the building that is accommodating the School of Remedial studies as well as some other developmental projects aside from the moral support he has continued to render to the University for an effective and conductive learning environment. Embark on researches to expand agriculture, Buhari charges… 50 bag first class at Federal University, Kashere Activists call for judicial inquiry into alleged killings of… FUOYE killings: Ekiti elders task police on professionalism Alhassan Gani added that Danjuma Goje has remained a great pillar of support to the University since it commenced academic activities 8 years ago calling on other prominent indigenes of the area to look around and identify any area to support the university in its quest to excel and become one of the leading institutions in the country. In his speech, Gombe state Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya commended the efforts of Sen Muhammad Danjuma Goje singling out the former Governor for special commendation been one of those who championed the establishment of the University and has continued to stand by it. The Governor while further congratulating Danjuma Goje for the honour done to him which he said will spur him to do more for the growth of the University commended the decision of the Governing Council, Management and staff of the university are recognizing the contributions of people to the development of the university. Also, both the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of the Council of the University, Abdulmuhiyyl Mukhtar and the Chancellor, Och’Idoma, Dr. Agabaidu Elias Ikoyi Obekpa,CON, all commended the contributions of Danjuma Goje to the development of the University calling on him to continue to do more for the institution just as they called on others to emulate such. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!