The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Adamawa State, has alleged that no election was conducted in the state by the State Independent Electoral Commission (ADSIEC) last Saturday. According to a press release signed by the legal adviser of the party in the state, Barr Shagnah Pwamaddi Maboyofe, and issued to journalists in Yola, APC alleged that PDP opted for the dubious election because APC has more supporters than the ruling party. The press statement read that: “They opted for the dubious plans because during the campaigns they discovered that the APC has more followership than the PDP across the state which will make it impossible for them to win under a free and fair contest.” He added that APC has totally rejected the “local government election” because the process has been flawed and violated by ADSIEC in connivance with the PDP ruling party. Adamawa LG elections not credible, free, fair ― Ex- SGF… Adamawa APC rejects LG election results Ongoing LG polls in Adamawa marred with election… SDP National Publicity Secretary joins APC ALSO READ: Organised unions disrupt activities in Ekiti varsity over sack of over 600 workers “We have totally rejected the concocted and generated results of the Local Government Election because there was no election. It was just a scam organised by ADSIEC according to the dictates of the PDP government. “Election materials didn’t get to most places and some places the materials arrived very late so as not to give the electorate any chance to vote. In few places where they mistakenly provided election materials, they used thugs and the Police to deciphers voters and carted away with the ballot boxes. Election officials went into hiding with result sheets and allocated figures as per the directives given to them. “As our elder and stakeholder (Engr. Babachir David Lawal) rightly pointed out in his press release, the occupants of the offices should be ashamed of themselves because they are not the products of an acceptable election,” the statement added. All efforts made to reach the Chairman, Mallam Shettima Isa, on the allegations proved abortive as several calls put through to his mobile phone rang out. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!