THE Zonal Head, Kano Office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Akaninwene Ezima, has on Monday said the commission in the year 2019, recovered over N918.7m from various money launderers. Making the assertion on Monday, Ezima who spoke on behalf of the EFCC chairman, Ibrahim Magu, at a rally to mark the 16th United Nations International Anti-corruption Day, with its theme: “Zero Tolerance To Corruption” said the recovery of the exhibits was made between January and December 2019. His words, “the Zone recovered N643, 942, 612.68, $706, 800.00, Saudi Riyal 294, 950.00 and 2, 800.00 Yen, all amounting to over N918.7 million.” According to him, the Zone received 495 petitions, assigned 325 petitions, and took one hundred cases to court, with 21 convictions in 2019. He noted that “our individual and collective resolve to foster attitudinal change, shun the alluring temptation of acquiring illicit wealth and embrace values that can promote the culture of accountability and transparency at all levels remain a major panacea to the menaces of corruption on our society. Northern traditional rulers are not fighting government ―… Open Treasury Portal will tackle corruption in public sector… APC says ADSIEC ‘concocted’ Adamawa LG election… Organised unions disrupt activities in Ekiti varsity over… He then disclosed that it is a collective responsibility to take Nigeria out of the woods. “We must resolve like never before, to expose any unpatriotic deed that can further drag Nigeria into disrepute. ALSO READ: Northern traditional rulers are not fighting government ― Sultan “We will only effectively rewrite our story if we organise ourselves to check the menace which has been stirring us in the face for many years, particularly, cybercrime which the commission has actively been on the trails of all suspected internet fraudsters with daily arrests and prosecution. “I want to reiterate the need for Nigerians to support the commission to break the chain of corruption in the country. I urge you all to come on board the fast-moving train of war against corruption. “Without mincing words, it will not do the nation any good if the EFCC alone is left to travel on this part of nation-building.” The state chairman of Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ado Kabiru Minjibir, while speaking on the occasion stated that the NLC would continue to support the EFCC in the fight against corruption to its logical conclusion. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!