President Muhammadu Buhari has affirmed that terrorism remains a major threat to the peace and development of the West African sub-region. In his opening address at the 56th Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Authority Heads of State and Government in Abuja on Saturday, he said the recurrent terror groups were a reminder of the need to build enduring security partnership. He noted the recent massacre of 33 soldiers by insurgents in the Niger Republic and assured that Nigeria stood in solidarity with its neighbour. President Buhari said: “It is always gratifying when our regional Bloc comes together in the determination to advance our agenda for regional integration and promote the socio-economic development of our subregion. “Terrorism remains a major threat to the peace and progress of our region. Recurring attempts by terrorist groups remind us of the urgency to build an enduring security partnership to confront and defeat the evil of cross-border terrorism. “It was with great shock and immense pain that I received the news of the tragedy last week in the Tilabari Region of Niger Republic, where over 33 valiant soldiers and other citizens of the country were brutally massacred in yet another cowardly terrorist attack by these enemies of peace and progress. “As we mourn this enormous loss, our thoughts and sympathies go to the families of these heroes and the entire people of Niger Republic. In solidarity with our Nigerien brothers and sisters, may we now all rise to observe a minute silence and pray for the departed souls. ALSO READ: Army committed to ensure healthy, civil environment ― Commander “Your Excellencies, Distinguished Ladies and Gentlemen, let me now restate Nigeria’s commitment to regional integration and stress the need to always channel our energies towards realising new strategies and initiatives, which will accelerate the attainment of our regional aspirations for sustainable peace, security, stability and inclusive economic growth. “To achieve these, we must put our people at the heart of our policies. Excellencies, Distinguished Ladies and Gentlemen, I welcome you Abuja and wish us all fruitful deliberations.” Also speaking during a bilateral meeting with the President of Cote d’Ivoire, Dr Alhassan Quattara, on the margins of the meeting, President Buhari pointed out that instability in Libya was a recurring threat to the Sahel and Sub-Saharan Africa, expressing concern over the growing effect of the crisis on many lives. He said noted that the crisis in Libya had perpetuated instability in the West Coast, with many of the trained fighters in the country now surviving on violent crimes and terrorism. The President said the Libyan fighters, who were trained for the 43 years Muammar Gaddafi ruled the country, were armed with deadly weapons and had been roaming the Sahel and sub-Sahara sub-region, with no other skills for survival ‘‘but to shoot and kill.’’ He expressed happiness that neighbouring countries were supporting Nigeria in tackling the menace of the fighters who have teamed up with Boko Haram, adding that there was a need to do more by the West African countries, both under the ECOWAS platform and at bilateral levels. Buhari holds bilateral talks with African leaders as ECOWAS… Buhari greets Jonathan at 62, says ex-president’s… Buhari congratulates Bayelsa Gov-elect, David Lyon Ahmed praises President Buhari for appointing Sarah Alade In his remarks, President Qattara said he came to brief the Nigerian leader on the progress of the ECOWAS mandate given to him to negotiate exit of Francophone West African countries from their currency union with France and European Union. The Ivorian President said he was pleased to report that he received the full support of the French government, under President Emmanuel Macron, and that the West African States were free to leave the union and join the ‘‘Eco’’, the new currency designated for the West Coast. According to a statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), President Buhari expressed delight that France did not stand in the way of the “Eco’’. The statement stated that on the ongoing debate in Nigeria on foreign borrowing, President Buhari said it was necessary to fund infrastructure projects, adding that ‘‘without roads, rail and power, investors will not be encouraged to invest in the country.’’ ALSO READ: Buhari holds bilateral talks with African leaders as ECOWAS commences 56th Session At another bilateral meeting with the President of Sierra Leone, Julius Maada Bio, President Buhari said he was impressed with the ongoing efforts of the administration to secure and stabilize the country. ‘I am happy that your policies and plans are holding on. I assure you that we will continue to support you. A problem in the neighbourhood is our problem. I will keep in touch with our officials to see how we can support.’’ Earlier in his remarks, the President of Sierra Leone recalled the level of cooperation between his country and Nigeria, appreciating President Buhari for various forms of support to his country, including the provision of teachers, nurses, technicians and engineers. He said more support was needed in the economic sector to ease the growing hardship among lower segments of the country’s population. At a bilateral with President Roch Marc Christian Kaboré of Burkina Faso, President Buhari commended the country’s leader for sustaining investment in infrastructure in spite of distractions from terrorists. President Buhari and President Kaboré agreed to convene a meeting of the two states to discuss in greater detail issues pertaining to security and economy. Describing Nigeria as a ‘‘powerhouse that drives economic growth and development in the region’’, President Kaboré said his country had high expectations of their “excellent relations’’ with Nigeria. President Buhari also had a meeting with Liberian President, George Manneh Oppong Weah and President of Benin, Patrice Talon, at the ECOWAS summit. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!