In an effort to equip young women with the necessary skill to advance the digital economy, a non-governmental organization, the Butterfly Project, has trained not less than 10 women on 3D Animation in a 3-day free training workshop organized in Ibadan The workshop which commenced on Monday, 16th of December and ended on Wednesday, 18th December, 2019, witnessed participants who were selected through an open application process learning the basics of 3D animation. The founder of The Butterfly Project, Tawakalit Kareem, stressed that the goal of the training was to equip women with digital skills which would position beneficiaries in a favourable standing to earn and inspire others within and beyond borders. “The world of work is changing. The rules are different; so are the skills required. It is important to me that women have the requisite skills and are positioned to earn.” “Our first cohort was trained in graphic design. This second cohort was focused on 3D Animation. We are going to keep listening, asking questions, and tailoring our training to what is needed,” she said. Buhari congratulates APC governors on Supreme Court… Supreme Court voids Uche Nwosu’s candidature Missing child: Akeredolu  appeals for calm OAUTHC resident doctors protest  killing of Prof Elusiyan ALSO READ: Paucity of funds hampering completion of our modular refinery —PTI Principal Speaking of her experience, one of the participants at the training, Emitomo Tobi Nimisire, lauded the organiser of the workshop for putting up a life-changing initiative which, according to her, would help to equip participants with the skills needed to be independent. Revealing how she was able to create projects herself after the training, and excited Nimisire said “The three-day training on 3D Animation was amazing! The classes were so interactive and fun; I was able to create two projects on the second day”. Complementing Nimisire’s stand, another participant, Haleemat Oladokun who never had an idea animation could be learnt at a go stated that the sessions were well detailed to ensure that the goal of the workshop is achieved. She maintained that the workshop would aid her to be the woman of her dream “It was a wonderful experience. I never thought animation could actually be so easy. The tutor explained and went into a detailed exploration to show us how to use so many features on the app. Thank you, The Butterfly Project and thank you, SkillNG. Value has definitely been added and I’m glad I was picked and I attended,” The training is an initiative of The Butterfly Project, with support from the partner training organization, SkillNG. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!