The President Nigerian Institute of Animal Science (NIAS), Professor Israel Adu has said that Nigeria would soon have regulations for abattoir management and procedures. Professor Adu disclosed this at a dinner in honour of the Executive Secretary of Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFUND), Professor Suleiman Bogoro. Recall that there had been a public outcry on the poor state of Nigerian abattoirs. Nigerians had called on government to take steps in ensuring that the deplorable state of abattoirs were addressed. Professor Adu said: “NIAS was established by an Act of the Nigerian Parliament No 26 of 2007 as amended to regulate Animal Science practice and all matter relating to animal husbandry in Nigeria thus professionalizing of animal science in Nigeria. “Since inception, the institute has taken giant strides in stamping its feet and authority on the sand of Nigeria’s livestock industry. “As of today, we have 3560 registered animal scientists (certified professional animal scientists) and about 5600 graduate animal scientists, developed appropriate minimum operating standards and procedures and code practice for various livestock species and operations for the industry for compliance with international benchmarks”. On some of the achievements of the Institute, he said “we have also developed regulations for feedmilling, hatchery operations, animal science practice while the regulations for abattoir management and procedures will soon be gazetted. When the law is helpless Transportation channels for agricultural business An honour from the cradle of journalism Understanding agricultural drone “We are and are carrying out resource verification in all departments of Animal Science in Nigeria universities to ensure that there are adequate human and material resource for quality training of students. “We have established NIAS Centres of excellencein each of the geo-political zones with comparative advantage for specific research capability”. Furthermore, he said the institute run an annual mandatory continuing professional education programme to update the technical and professional skills and build capacity of its members. “We have established a postgraduate college of Animal Science to train and equip Animal Scientists to practice as consultants. “We are a strong member of the International Feed Regulators which has made Nigeria complaint with International Feed Safety Requirements and Memoranda of Understanding with local and international organizations. Today, a registered Animal Scientist form Nigeria can practice in the USA without further training”, he added. While expressing delight for the dinner to honour him, Professor Suleiman Bogoro commended the presidential anti corruption crusade, calling on all leaders across government agencies to embracenthe crusade as the only panacea towards economic growth. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!