A medical consultant with Sheffield Teaching Hospital United Kingdom, Dr Bolarinde Ola, has revealed that in Nigeria, about N1.3 billion is lost annually through medical tourism to other countries. He stated this while delivering a lecture during the 70th birthday celebration of Professor Oladosu Ojengbede at Paul Hendrikse Hall, UCH Ibadan. The 70th birthday celebration of Professor Oladosu Ojengbede was an event that attracted the who is who in the field of medicine, including those who practised outside the country. The event, which was organized by the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology UCH, Ibadan also provided an avenue to x-ray some topical issues in the field of medicine such as the sub-specialization of medical training and national development. In his lecture, Dr Bolarinde  Ola  recommended heavy investment into science and technology as the only panacea to fight brain drain, which, according to him, would also curb excesses into medical tourism outside the shores of Nigeria. Professor Oladosu Akanbi OJENGBEDE was born in Ilesha Osun state on December 9, 1949 to the family of Chief Ganiyu Ojemgbede and madam Ojuolape OJENGBEDE. Embracing ‘oceans of emotion’ in life’s journey Ekiti APC administration has failed —Lawal Isaac Delano: Nationalist, language educator and scholar of… Wike: A prophet recognised by his people The Celebrant  obtained Bachelor of Medical science in 1972 and Bachelor of Surgery in 1974 from the prestigious University of Ibadan. He rose steadily to the peak of his professional carrier by obtaining  Professional qualification of the National Postgraduate College in 1981, West African College of surgeon in 1982, International college of Surgeon in 1988 and the Royal college of Obstetricians and Gynecologists in 2016. He had served in many capacity which includes being Provost of college of medicine, University of Ibadan and also as Acting Vice Chancellor University of Ibadan. Currently he is the Director of the sexually Transmitted Diseases Training Programmes College of Medicine University of Ibadan and Director, Centre for Population and Reproductive Health. Professor Ojengbede in his remarks called on his younger colleagues who are still in the service to be committed in the discharge of their duties. The chairperson organising committee of the Birthday celebration, Dr Adesina Olubukola described him as a man with colossal knowledge of university administration. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!