Lagos State governor, Mr Olusola Sanwo-Olu, said on Monday that the state government’s investment in technology and innovation is a deliberate effort to position Lagos as a key player in global technology space. According to Governor Sanwo-Olu, his administration’s financial commitment to Information and Communication Technology (ICT) is to make Lagos Africa’s foremost centre of innovation by harnessing local capabilities in developing tech solutions that would reduce the state’s reliance on foreign tech inventions. The governor said this while receiving the management team of Oracle Africa Group led by the Group’s Country Director, Mr Adebayo Sanni, who came on a courtesy visit at the Lagos House in Alausa. Sanwo-Olu said the recently approved seed capital of N250 million was particularly aimed at enhancing young people’s innovative skills and empowering them to be tech solutions providers as the world progresses in digitisation. “Technology has gotten to a stage where we all need it to leapfrog and enhance accuracy in governance. As a government, we have always promoted technology to take the lead and be a strong enabler for us to deliver on our promises to the people. ALSO READ: Fight corruption within the law, Wike charges EFCC Tinubu should succeed Buhari ― Group agitates Growth of Lagos State remains my priority ― Sanwo-Olu Commissioner orders release of minors in Lagos prison Disquiet in Lagos transport unions over alleged O’pay dues “We are taking steps to further collaborate with partners that will strengthen our capacity to be a big player in global tech space. We just concluded a two-day Art of Technology where we announced the establishment of innovation research council and N250 million seed capital to support young innovators locally. “We are not looking at what is going to be our immediate benefit by this investment; rather we want to create a robust technology culture that will give young people opportunities to explore their innovative skills in bringing about tech solutions and applications we can use to advance our service delivery,” he said. The governor acknowledged the technical support offered by Oracle Group to stabilise processes in the State’s Civil Service and in promoting accountability in the administrative process. He, however, said the relationship between both parties must be consolidated to boost the capacity of the state government and keep it abreast of the latest technological solutions developed to ease processes. Sanni, who spoke earlier, described the two-decade partnership between Lagos government and Oracle Group as “mutually beneficial”, noting that Lagos was one of the IT firm’s success story in deploying technology solutions to improve governance. “Lagos State is one of the places we use as an example globally in terms of what we have done in helping governments transform their business using technology. Oracle wants to consolidate on this partnership and make a commitment that will help Lagos State sustain its growth,” he said. The Group’s Country Director assured the governor that the IT firm was willing to review and build on its technical assistance to the state government for improved service delivery, promising to boost the capacity of the current administration in using data to take the predictive analysis of situations across the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!