A Non- Governmental Organisation, Future Africa Leaders’ Foundation is set to award 10 young Africans with $10,000 each and $25,000 to the grand prize winner during the Future Africa Leaders’ Awards (FALA) The Future Africa Leaders’ Award is an initiative of the General Overseer of Christ Embassy aimed at exploring and expanding the space of young African leaders with monumental impacts in the communities in Africa. The Nominees’ ideas must be in tandem with the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and must be within the range age of 16 and 23 years old. ALSO READ: One dead as fire razes six buildings in Osun Speaking at the press briefing held yesterday in Lagos, Member of the Central Executive Council, Believers’ Loveworld Incorporation, Pastor Ambrose Isesele said that the Foundation had the privilege of presenting awards to the 2018 and 2019 winners. Ethiopian indigent students arrive Rochas Foundation College… Tony Elumelu Foundation shortlists 5,240 Entrepreneurs for… MTN Nigeria foundation executes projects in 500 communities… Olabanji Akingbule awards scholarship for 50 indigent… The Pastor said that the Awards, within seven years, have made so much impact through education, youth empowerment and medical outreach, noting that the Foundation has been able to recognise young Africans from 54 African countries. He, however, noted that the former President and the first elected woman President in Liberia, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf will grace this year’s award ceremony. Speaking also, The Senior Executive Officer, Future Africa Awards Foundation, Pastor David Ogbaka noted that the youths are not the problems in Africa but have energy that can be channelled to productive use. This year’s edition featured 30 Nominees with some of the Nominees- Babiene Heline (Cameroon), Mary Julius (South Sudan), Gift Michael (Nigeria), Mitchelle Mumba (Namibia), Susan Asante (Zambia). Annick Balo (Senegal), Kawesi Brian (Uganda), Patrick Tusiyabe (Tunisia) and Opoku Jephtha (Ghana). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!