The Nigerian Customs Service has alerted its zonal, regional and other offices across the nation of an outbreak of Charcoal Anthrax Disease Bacterium Bacillus Anthracis in the Niger Republic. Customs said the alert became necessary to ensure it does not spread into the Nigerian territory following the inflow of sheep and cattle from Niger to Nigeria. In a memo from the Comptroller Enforcement of the Nigerian Customs, Victor Dimka to all Zonal Coordinators, all Customs Area Comptrollers and other relevant offices, it noted that the disease could be transmitted to man directly or indirectly through contact with infected animal or inhalation. The memo reads: “Headquarters is in receipt of a report which reveals that the Nigerian Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock had notified the World Organization for Animal Health (WOAH) of an outbreak of Charcoal Anthrax Disease Bacterium Bacillus Anthracis, in sheep and cattle in the country. ALSO READ: Chinese drugs with human remains: Customs, NAFDAC put ports on red alert Customs raid Mubi market, seize foreign rice Ogun: Customs seize 19 kegs of petrol concealed in caskets Lift embargo on employment into customs, NSCDC ― Reps tell… Customs intercept N2.5m fake currency notes, 40 drums of… “The Infectious Anthrax Agent bacteria can survive for several years in the soil, before being ingested by the grazing animal. The disease was first reported in Niger’s Tillaberry Region on 23rd November 2019, where it killed 3 cattle. “Since then, over 100 cattle have been infected and 22 recorded death. Transmission to human occurs directly or indirectly from infected animals or due to occupational exposure to contaminated animal products. “The disease manifests either as a scratch that could progress into sepsis or as pulmonary infection due to inhalation of microorganisms suspended in the air without immediate treatment. Charcoal Anthrax is fatal in 20 per cent of cases. “Given the supply of cattle and sheep from Niger to Nigeria, the CGC has directed on the urgent need to place additional precautionary measures to prevent the spread of the disease into Nigeria through our land borders. “This is for your information and urgent necessary action, please”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!