Attorney general of the Federation and Minister of Justice,  Abubakar Malami, on Thursday, disclosed that 22 former governors are either under probe or undergoing corruption trials . Speaking with some journalists in Abuja,  Malami said some other former governors have already been convicted for their corrupt practices while in office. “We have three former governors convicted and serving various jail terms for corruption related crimes while in office. “Equally, twenty-two ex-governors are either under probe or on trai,l” he stated. According to him,the  fight against corruption is total, comprehensive and dispassionate devoid of any political or ethnic sentiments or inclination. “One of the multiple institutions involved in the fight against corruption, the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC), was able to, from 2015 to September 2019 convict 1, 636 persons involved in corruption related offences. “It might interest you to note that former state governors and even serving senators are not spared. “Currently, high profile personalities including judicial officers and former governors indicted for corruption have been prosecuted and many sentenced to jail.” “Let me inform this gathering that corruption undermines the security of any nation, generate huge economic damage and violates human development. Seyi Shay and Dare Art Alade delight fans in Calabar, as… Olokun Festival Foundation fulfills promise to queens Digital movie platforms should opens to growing… Burna Boy, Naira Marley, Flavour, David Tlale, others… ALSO READ: EFCC arrests former AGF, Adoke, on arrival from Dubai “No doubt, failure to address corruption inhibits sustainable long growth which undermines national development. “Like the President always states, if we don’t make effort to kill corruption, corruption will kill us and when corrupt monies find haven, it will begin to fight back. “Thus, Nigeria and Africa at large can only move forward if we resist corruption in all forms. “The present administration has been fighting corruption in all its ramified manifestations including legislative framework, institutional infrastructure and the adoption of effective preventive measures against corruption and putting in place mechanisms for management of recovered stolen assets. “To this end, we have created a central database for recovered stolen assets which is under the supervision of the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice. “The government made concerted efforts that see to the boosting of the institutions and agencies responsible for the fight against corruption; Ministry of Justice, Independent Corrupt and other related Offences Commission (ICPC), Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC), Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit (NFIU), Code of Conduct Bureau, among others. “Nigeria has taken anti-corruption measures in tackling cybercrime, money laundering, oil bunkering and false assets declaration among others. Pursuant to the Code of Conduct Act, Public Officers are expected to declare their assets immediately upon assumptions of office. “We have also developed the National Anti-Corruption Strategy and a guideline for smooth implementation of the strategy which five (5) pillars.     SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!