THE family of Alhaji Bello Ipemida Ochi of Agassa in Okene Local Government Area of Kogi State has expressed appreciation to President Muhammadu Buhari and Nigerians who stood by them in mourning the death of their daughter, Hajia Rabiat Bello. A statement signed by Governor Yahaya Bello and made available to Tribune Online by his Chief Press Secretary, Onogwu Muhammed, on Saturday in Lokoja, thanked Nigerians for their thoughtfulness, solidarity and sympathy. Hajia Bello, the governor’s elder sister, died on Monday, December 23, after a protracted illness at the age of 59. “We wish to sincerely thank you for your presence at the Third day Fidau Prayer for the peaceful repose of the soul of Hajia Rabiat, which held at her Agassa residence on Thursday. “We sincerely appreciate your thoughtfulness, solidarity and sympathy. New Year or elongation of old? How has the year been? How North uses Shettimas to catch monkeys in Nigeria A song like Senator Uwajumogu ALSO READ: Boko Haram/ISWAP: Centre berates UN, others for delayed intervention in Africa “Our profound appreciation goes to the President and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, Muhammadu Buhari over his condolence message and prayer; your words came very comfortingly to the entire family. “We thank the Nigerian Governors’ Forum, the Northern Governors’ Forum and the Progressives Governors’ Forum for standing with us during this trying period,” he said. The governor also extended his sincere appreciation to the Chief Judge of Kogi State, Hon. Justice Nasiru Ajana, the Kogi State Traditional Council of Chiefs, the League of Imams, the Ebira, Igala and Okun sons and daughters both at home and in the diaspora. “We also wish to thank the endless reel of friends of the family and well-wishers who took the effort to travel from far and near to comfort us. May Allah reward you all with good,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!