Leading telecommunications services provider, Airtel Nigeria, has announced the commencement of its annual Christmas feeding programme dubbed ‘Airtel Five Days of Love.’ The initiative is designed to identify with less privileged persons as well as support the downtrodden in communities where Airtel operates. Since the commencement of the initiative five years ago, Airtel has partnered with leading Fast Food vendors to feed over 20,000 Nigerians in an exciting and fun-filled atmosphere. The 2019 programme, according to Airtel, will be held across five major cities and will kick off at the Oshodi Local Government Secretariat on Monday, 9 December, beginning from 11.00 am and will thereafter move to Abeokuta, Ogun State, today. When the law is helpless Transportation channels for agricultural business An honour from the cradle of journalism Understanding agricultural drone On Wednesday over 1,000 underprivileged persons will be fed in Onitsha, Anambra State, while Karu in Nasarawa and Maiduguri in Borno will also host the Airtel ‘Five Days of Love’ goodie train on Thursday  and Friday,  respectively. Through the ‘Five Days of Love’ programme, Airtel says it is sharing the reason for the season – love – and celebrating with the underprivileged by providing quality, hot meals amidst an electrifying atmosphere of fun, good entertainment and love. Commenting on the initiative, the telco noted that it is committed to touching the lives of underprivileged persons in the society as well as empowering stakeholders in the communities where it operates. “As a critical stakeholder in the Nigerian society, Airtel is passionate about uplifting the less privileged and providing support for the vulnerable as this aligns with our overall CSR theme of touching lives and improving the standard of living of the under-privileged,” the company said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!