Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State has ended the 10-year-old relationship between a woman, Sekinat Abdulrasheed and her husband, Ismail Abdulrasheed. Sekinat had sued for divorce on the grounds of neglect. She stated that her husband, aside dealing with her with contempt, beat her to a pulp any time they had a misunderstanding. She added that he was deceitful in nature and was a liar. The plaintiff requested that the court put their three children in her care and order her husband be made responsible for their welfare. The defendant failed to come to court despite being served a court summon and court hearing. Sekinat told the court that:”My husband has not given me rest of mind since the outset of our marriage. Hardly does a day pass without him beating me. “Ismail gives me no attention and has consistently failed in his responsibilities towards me and our three children. He despises me and treats me with contempt. “My husband has caustic tongue; he lashes at me at every given opportunity and presents me as someone of no worth before his family members and friends,” the plaintiff told the court. “My lord, I left for Lagos to seek a means of livelihood when it was obvious he was not ready to take care of me and our children. “I was away for months.  My mind was already made up staying permanently there, but my parents rose against my decision and made efforts at reconciling my husband and me. “Their efforts proved successful but I agreed to go back to him only on one condition: that he bought me a deep freezer and generator to run my business and he agreed. He called me on phone to inform me he had bought them and that I should return home. Women more important than men in politics —Ekiti deputy gov UI makes Olaniyan, Oyo dep gov’s wife; Animasahun, 7 others… $1.2m Malabu oil scandal: EFCC secures court order to detain… N40.6bn export goods depart Lagos port in 2019-Customs “My lord, I moved backed to Ismail’s house and he promised to show me the items the following day. I believed him and allowed him to make love to me that very night. “I expected my husband to show me the items the following morning but he failed to. My lord, I later realised he had deceived me. “I gathered some amount and gave him to help purchase a freezer but he spent it. “I reported him to my parents who sought to have an audience with him but he behaved rudely to them. “My lord, Ismail doesn’t have the milk of kindness flowing in him. I pray that you separate us and grant me custody of our three children, “she said. Giving his judgment after he had heard the plaintiff, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, stated that the defendant’s absence in court after being served two summonses showed he was no longer interested in their marriage and therefore not ready to save it. Ruling, Odunade declared their wedlock dissolved and granted the plaintiff custody of their three children. The defendant was ordered to pay N15, 000 for their feeding per month through the court. He was further asked to be in charge of their education and health service. A copy of the judgment was asked to be served the defendant. Both were advised to maintain peace.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!