Former President, Dr Goodluck Jonathan, has told the nation’s security agencies to fish out the gunmen who attacked the marine post near his residence a few days ago. He said unless they were apprehended and brought to justice, there could be a repeat of the incident. This was contained in a statement issued by his media assistant, Ikechukwu Eze, in Abuja on Friday. The former president thanked Nigerians from all walks of life who had commiserated with him since the incident, which occurred near his Otuoke, Bayelsa State residence. One soldier was reported killed while another sustained injuries during the attack. The statement read: “Former President Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan has thanked Nigerians for the continuing show of solidarity and sympathy following the Christmas eve attack by unknown gunmen in his country home in Otuoke, Bayelsa State. Gunmen kidnap monarch’s wife, two daughters, driver in… Gunmen attack Jonathan’s community, kill Soldier Igbinedion varsity to confer honorary degree on ex-president… Gunmen kidnap Appeal court judge in Benin, kill police… “The former President who stated this while conducting sympathisers around the scene of the attack on Friday also commended the Nigerian military for their gallantry in repelling the attack by engaging the assailants in a fierce gun duel that unfortunately claimed the life of a soldier. ALSO READ: APC demands full investigation into attack on Jonathan’s country home “Dr Jonathan noted that since the assailants attacked his marine security post on December 24, 2019, many Nigerians of different social status including President Muhammadu Buhari, state Governors and political party leaders as well as foreigners have either visited him or called to express their heartfelt sympathy over the unfortunate attack in his house. “The former President also reiterated his call on the concerned security authorities to expose and bring the criminals to book as a means of ensuring that such daredevil criminality does not happen again in his community or any other place in the country.” The statement recalled that the assailants who stormed President Jonathan’s country home in about five engine boats attacked the marine security post located within the periphery of the residence at about 1:30 am on Tuesday and sought to take control of a gunboat belonging to the military. They were however resisted by gallant soldiers who engaged them in a firefight. The gunmen who couldn’t stand the firepower of the military were forced to beat a retreat. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!