Wife of the Kogi State Governor, Mrs Rashida Bello has urged stakeholders to adopt preventive measures against gender-based violence in the state. Mrs Bello gave the advice after a solidarity walk in Lokoja, with the theme: ”No Tolerance Walk Against Rape and Sexual Violence’,’ to mark the 2019 International Day For Elimination of Violence Against Women. This year’s theme is centred on grassroots effort to raise awareness called “Orange the World” to make the society more conducive for women to harness their potentials. ALSO READ: Ongoing LG polls in Adamawa marred with election irregularities, APC Chair laments According to her, Violence Against Women and Girls (VAWG) is one of the most widespread, persistent and devastating human rights violations in the world and it remains largely underreported due to the impunity, silence, stigma and shame surrounding it. Your corruption report is dubious, horrendous, Kogi govt… Flood: Red Cross donates N39.4m to victims in Kogi Gov Bello asks appointees to show election result of their… Bello urges corps members to exhibit sincerity, loyalty to… Mrs Bello stressed that everyone has the responsibility to prevent and end violence against women and girls, saying, ”the culture of discrimination that allows the violence against women and girls must be challenged by enacting laws to prevent and end discrimination and exploitation. ”It takes a long time to take care of victims of sexual violence than it takes to prevent the act from happening. ”We must all stand together in homes and societies to challenge all forms of violence against women and girls”. She enjoined the victims of violence to break the silence and speak out in order to bring the perpetrators of violence against women and girls to book. Dignitaries present at the event were: Wife of Kogi Deputy Governor, Her Excellency, Mrs Mercy Ejura Onoja; the Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Development, Hon. Bolanle Amupitan; the State Director, Challenge Parenthood Initiative, Mrs Eunice Abogun, representative of Minister for State FCT, Hon. Mrs Atika Ajanah, Members of FIDA and other government functionaries. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!