THE Kogi State Government has reaffirmed her commitment to creating the enabling environment that would give equal and adequate opportunities to Persons with Disabilities in the state for the fulfilment of their dreams and aspirations. The State Commissioner for Women and Social Development, Hon. Bolanle Amupitan gave the assurance on Tuesday in a press statement in Lokoja, to mark the 2019 International Day of Persons with Disabilities (IDPD). She noted that since 1992, the IDPD has been annually observed on December 3, around the world, which is being organized by the UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UN DESA). According to her, the theme for this 2019 IDPD is: ”Promoting The Participation Of Persons With Disabilities And Their Leadership: Taking Action On The 2030 Development Agenda’’. The theme focuses on the empowerment of persons with disabilities for inclusive, equitable and sustainable development as envisaged in the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. She assured the association of the continuous support of the New Direction Government under the leadership of His Excellency, Gov. Yahaya Bello, in empowering persons with disabilities for inclusive, equitable and sustainable development. Amupitan noted that Disability in itself should not be a stigma, but the ability to rise above whatever limitations, shortcomings and discriminatory, stressing that people with disability were changing the narratives and breaking barriers across the globe. ”It is on the above encouraging note that, I on behalf of the Ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development and by extension, the New direction government of Alhaji Yahaya Bello, felicitates with you on this year’s celebration of ”Days of Persons with Disabilities”, she said. Gbajabiamila postpones celebration of PWDs Day due to Hon… Ex-naval chief berates Kogi govt over self praise on salary Kogi govt begins accreditation, issuance of licenses to… Kogi is committed to inter-religious peace ―Govt The commissioner thanked the association for supporting the governor and all the APC candidates during the just concluded Gubernatorial and National Assembly rerun elections in the state. ALSO READ: Oyo govt warns butchers operating outside central abattoir She further commended the association on behalf of the governor for their reciprocative gesture before, during and after the elections. She noted that the association had enjoyed tremendous benefits under the New Direction Government, saying the governor was the first in the history of the state to give full recognition to persons with disabilities by effecting a monthly impress for the administrative and operational cost of running the association. She added that the governor had also appointed a person with a disability into the new direction cabinet of this Government (as Senior Special Assistance to the Governor). ”We can also modestly enumerate several empowerment schemes, provision of mobility aids, collaboration with Donor agencies such as (APPEALS) among other NGOs, and Enactment and signing of Persons with Disabilities Bill into law under this Administration. ”These, of course, have been the thinking of this government and global policies makers in providing enabling environment, breaking the barriers of stigmatization, enacting and enforcing necessary laws that can make people with disabilities to thrive. ”It is on this positive note that I want to assure your association of the continuous support of the Government; even with this victory at the poll, better day are ahead. Happy celebrations Amupitan said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!