The president of the Supreme Council of Islamic Affairs and the Sultan of Sokoto, his Eminence, Saad Muhammed Abubakar III took a swipe on the leadership of Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) who backed the United States of America on their comment on Christian persecution in Nigeria. His Eminence was reacting to the recent United States’ placement of Nigeria, on the watchlist of countries where religious intolerance and breach of freedom of worship is rampant; resulting in incessant killings of adherents of Christian faith by Islamic fundamentalists, while government look the other way. A group, Nigerian Christian Graduate Fellowship (NCGF) said it finds the Sultan’s outburst against CAN, for expressing it’s feeling on the subject matter unjustified and rather unfortunate. In a statement signed by the National President of the group, Professor Charles Adisa, and the General Secretary Mr Onyenachi Nwaegeruo, said the Sultan comment can be described as a case of the chick leaving the knife that killed it while antagonising the cooking pot. The pot is just playing its role and didn’t contribute to the chick’s misfortune. ALSO READ:Enugu governor signs 2020 fiscal budget into law The statement reads: “CAN simply express its support to the international community who have begun to see what she has been lamenting over the years about Islamic fundamentalism and government tacit support and its effect on Christian faith in Nigeria. “We thought the Sultan should address the subject matter of the international opprobrium which Boko Haram and fulani herdsmen have brought to the nation rather than make scape goat of Christian Association of Nigeria. Or is his Eminence contesting that there is no religious intolerance in Nigeria? If that is the position we can say that the Sultan is being economical with the truth or is an accomplice. Use of paracetamol for meat softening an abuse ― NAFDAC Bruce Lee’s daughter sues Chinese fast-food chain,… Lagos presents N250m seed cheque for Tech Start-Up Kidnapped wife, daughters of Ondo monarch regain freedom “An interrogation of the subject matter shows that it is either the Sultan and the institution which he leads are in wilful ignorance of the issues at stake or he has chosen to play to the gallery as government spokesman. “For the Nigeria Christian Graduate Fellowship that tutorial on the need for CAN to analyze issues before reacting is unnecessary. The Sultan cannot fault CAN and its allies on the issue of research on effects of Islamic fundamentalism in Nigeria. We are aware that there exist quantum documentary evidence of the murderous acts of Muslims against Nigerian Christians. “Further, we are aware that the information at the disposal of the US which informed the decision to blacklist Nigeria is a combined effort of independent investigators and domestic observers of the nefarious activities of Muslim extremists and terrorists especially Boko Haram and Fulani herdsmen. “Though the Nigeria Christian Graduate Fellowship is not CAN leadership; however, in agreement with CAN, we are embarrassed on the double standard attitude of the sultanate, an institution that has kept mute to the serial decimation of christian communities in the North which has now suddenly found its voice because the government that has carried on as an appendage of the sultanate is under fire. It is understandable why his Eminence has become the government spokesman. “In case, the Sultan and the Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs willingly choose not to document the overwhelming evidence or they have, but chose to hide the facts, the Nigeria Christian Graduate fellowship here highlights the recorded incidents leading to the US decision. “But before we do this, may we remind his Eminence that it is ungodly that his office has never to the best of our knowledge condemned these murderous acts, even the  most recent ones in Yobe state and Chibok in Borno state where Boko Haram attacked Christian communities on Christmas eve. But you found time to react to listing of Nigeria as a place where Christians are being killed on a daily basis. “In the ongoing dispensation alone, several thousands of souls were wasted in Southern Kaduna, Benue, Plateau, Taraba and Adamawa. In 2019 alone over 1000 people were killed in the Northcentral. Those who doubt this fact should go to Goggle, the records are there. There have been mass burials in those areas and no single culprit has been apprehended not to talk of prosecution. Instead, it is the Buhari administration that has been either justifying  the killings or telling us that the criminals were coming from Libya. “The President , through one of his spokesmen, Femi Adesina, once asked the people to give up their lands for their lives! This is reprehensible and unprecedented in the country.From available records dating back to the 80s we present more than 60 graphic incidents and over 60 media reports spanning over 39 years. It is important to observe that these incidents aggravated in the last five years of the Buhari’s regime. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!