The National Chairman of Action Alliance (AA) Chief Keneth Udeze on Friday hailed the Supreme court judgment which dismissed the appeal of Chief Uche Nwosu, insisting that the Apex court ruling had vindicated his party. The National Chairman in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja declared that the judgement was in line with the earlier decision of the party to withdraw from the petition filed by Chief Nwosu before the election tribunal challenging the victory of governor Emeka Ihedioha in the last governorship poll. According to him, “we maintain that Uche Nwosu was never our candidate in the March governorship election for Imo state having falsely presented himself to the party as having nothing to do with APC as an aspirant and lied to the party with the true state of his affairs with other parties”. He, however, commended the national chairman of Action People Party (APP) Chief Ikenga Ugochinyere for championing this struggle that culminated in the ruling by the Supreme Court. “let me use this opportunity to thank Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere led National Executive of APP on the Party’s final triumph in the supreme court today putting a permanent halt the activities of aspirants who jump from one party to the other looking for party tickets without disclosing their original stake with other parties ALSO READ: Properties worth millions of Naira lost to early morning inferno in Bauchi “This was exactly what my administration in AA frowned at when it discovered that Uche Nwosu lied to the party at various points of negotiation that he has no further link with APC having resigned, etc. “We thank God for also intervening in Imo where the elected Governor’s time has been wasted by unwarranted and frivolous court action Supreme Court voids Uche Nwosu’s candidature Supreme Court affirms election of Makinde, el-Rufai,… PDP hails Supreme Court’s affirmation of Makinde, Udom’s… Abiodun, APC hail Supreme Court verdict “The withdrawal of AA from the election petition tribunal in the first place was beyond the imagination of some political watchers as what the party did was for the best interest of the party, to save the soul of the party and for the general well-being of Ndi Imo after studying the action filed by the APP at the Federal High court and noting that the party is wasting its time after all “Never again shall politician resort to all forms of blackmail and intimidation to grab the structure of political parties for their selfish interest. AA have shown resilience and steadfastness in its belief as a masses party by its action in the political development of Imo state and Nigeria “To this end, we in AA congratulate the coalition elected governor and the good people of Imo for this uncommon divine victory”. The Supreme Court in its ruling quashed the governorship ambition of Uche Nwosu, the son-in-law of former Governor Rochas Okorocha over double registration ALSO READ: Impeachment of Ambode is self-destructive ― Action Alliance In a unanimous judgment, the Court in a suit filed by the Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere led Action Peoples Party, APP, held that by virtue of Uche Nwosu’s double candidature and in line with the clear provisions of the Electoral Act, he was bound to be disqualified from the election and affirmed the judgments of the High Court and the Court of Appeal. By this judgment, the Election Petition Appeal against the election of Governor Emeka Ihedioha also before the apex court by Uche Nwosu is also dead and buried. This is because Uche Nwosu was not a validly nominated candidate for the election and therefore lacks the locus to file a petition before the Governorship Election Tribunal. While reacting to the judgment, the National Chairman of the Action Peoples Party, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere declared that the significance of this judgment was that Imo State was finally liberated from the Okorocha dynasty which for eight years fleeced and destroyed the state. He expressed joy that his Party was the one that sealed the fate of the Okorochas and liberated Imo State from their shackle. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE !!!