Gombe State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya, has been conferred and turbanned with the traditional title of Wakilin Ilimin Nafada by the Emir of Nafada, Alhaji Muhammad Dadum Hamza. The monarch, while performing the turbaning ceremony at his palace in Nafada Monday, said that the honour is in recognition of the Governor’s remarkable commitment and determination towards revamping the education sector in the state which has so far led to the complete overhaul of some schools and placing them on the path of academic excellence. The Emir also said that as an educationist and one-time chief education officer, he has observed with keen interest the level of commitment and priority attention the Governor has placed on the education sector, including the unprecedented state of emergency, describing the policies so far put in place as realistic and achievable. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Confusion in Abuja as miscreants attack, disrupt CSOs protest over Sowore, others PMBAt77: Buhari an uncommon patriot ― Inuwa Yahaya Gov Inuwa Yahaya flags off CBN’s account opening week… Gombe partners New York Academy of Sciences on innovation,… International Day to End Impunity for Crimes Against… This, the Emir further said that it was what informed the Emirate Council to honour the Governor as the Wakilin Ilimin Nafada in order to encourage him to do more. An elated Governor Inuwa Yahaya thanked the Nafada Emirate Council for the honour and praised the resilience of the people of the area in pursuit of both Western and Islamic knowledge. The Governor also said that the honour will spur him to do more towards bringing back the lost glories of every institution of learning in the state. Inuwa Yahaya who sued for peaceful co-existence among the people said it is only in an atmosphere of peace that government can deliver the dividends of democracy. He assured of his administration’s resolve to continue to prioritise sectors that will impact positively on the lives of the people of the state as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant Media and Publicity to the Governor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!