IN a bid to serve its customers in Ibadan and other neighbouring towns much more better, MultiChoice has inaugurated a new service centre in Ibadan. Chief Executive Officer, MultiChoice, John Ugbe, while welcoming guests to the event which held on Friday, stated that MultiChoice is poised to serve its subscribers on the DTSV and GOTV platforms better, hence the move to build a new service centre equipped with modern facilities. “Let me refresh your memory about the fact that GOTV was launched in Ibadan ahead any city in the whole of Africa. We have been here and we have had a good relationship with the people of Ibadan. We appreciate the people of Ibadan and Oyo State at large for the support over the years. Ugbe, however, hinted that the old building being used as the service centre before the new one was built would be remodeled and converted to a an entertainment museum which will be receiving visitors from all walks of life. Why many talented Africans are either poor or attracting low… Reinventing organizations:  A guide to creating… The Luther’s effect: How to provoke desired response from… Leaders and business reform Governor of Oyo State, Mr Seyi Makinde, who was represented on the occasion by the Commissioner for Information, Culture and Tourism in the State, Dr Wasiu Olatubosun said: “We want you to continue to do more. We have an enabling environment in Oyo State to attract investors.” “ It is good you said you started here, We are now telling you that we have upgraded the security apparatuses in the state to make sure that we create an atmosphere that is conducive for investment to thrive in the state.” The Olubadan of Ibadan, Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji (Ajeoguguniso 1), while speaking at the event assured MultiChoice of his continued support in the company’s quest to bring entertainment to the doorsteps of the people of Ibadan and beyond. The event had in attendance Nollywood celebrities such as Odunlade Adekola, Lateef Adedimeji and host of others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!