AS part of activities, aimed at placing the consumers at the forefront of its brand awareness effort, Pepsi, a global player in the carbonated soft drink space, has announced  its annual brand campaign. Tagged: “We Got Taste”, the new campaign unveiled recently at a media chat, held at the Seven Up Bottling Company, Ijora, Lagos, Marketing Manager, Seven Up Bottling Company, Mr. Segun Ogunleye described the new campaign as part of the company’s strategy to create a memorable experience for the consumers every December. He  described the Pepsi brand, as one that understands pop culture and consumer experience, thereby combining the functionality of product with its emotional attribute. “There is a long line of events that will exhibit the true character of the taste that Pepsi stands for, through the intrinsic taste of the pop soda, the dynamic brand ambassadors, and the array of concerts planned out. All these have been put together to give Nigerians the ultimate taste experience this December. “Pepsi over the years has owned December with Music  and football events which have become a driving force. As a brand we are in the forefront of driving contemporary pop culture, and we have done this again and again and that’s the spirit of what our brand is about,” he stated. Buhari has taken Nigeria close to Next Level target ― Lai… Wike signs Rivers 2020 budget Trump, Putin discuss Russia attack, arms control, relations Seven killed in Edo communal clash According to him,  the new campaign,  which has been premiered on digital platform, had  received 80% approvals and commendations  from consumers on various social media platform. He disclosed the intention of the brand to organise series of shows and events, in December,  in order to make the month a memorable one for the consumers. Some of the shows, Ogunleye stated, include a musical concert this December including Livespot X Festival, featuring Cardi B, Star Boy Wizkid, and Burna Boy. “Other artistes who sit at the center of the brand promotions and awareness include Techno, Davido, Teckno, Teni, Tiwa Savage, to create an exciting experience,” he added. Over the years, Pepsi has been making December a memorable experience for consumers  through its various campaigns and promotions. In 2016 it unveiled the ‘Turn Down 2 Turn Up’, while in 2017 and 2018 it unveiled the ‘No Shaking, Carry Go Disembaa and No Chill Disembaa Campaigns’. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!