THE Lagos State government has approved 173 new private primary and secondary schools across its five education divisions. This addition, comprising 104 nursery\primary and 69 secondary is the first set of nursery\primary and secondary schools to be approved by the current administration in the state out of a total of 217 that applied at the  same time, bringing the total number of such schools to 18, 573 across the 20 local government areas of the state. The Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, made this known while giving letters of approval to the owners of the new schools at Alausa secretariat, Ikeja, recently. She said the approval was necessary as the state recognises the vital roles of private schools in joining the government to provide quality and quantitative education to the people of the state, which is daily increasing in population. According to her, the current administration is passionate about giving access to all children of school age. Oyo govt developing enrolment framework to address… We’ll not be bullied into enrolling in IPPS, ASUU FUTMinna… NBC trains 700 UI students on entrepreneurship How to effectively tackle corruption in varsities  —FUTMinna… “And despite the fact that the number of schools in Lagos, especially in the private sector has increased tremendously, the yawning gap between demand and supply clearly shows that more schools are needed to meet our educational target. We need more private schools to come on board for us to be able to cater for the ever-increasing education needs of a fast growing metropolis like ours,” she explained. Speaking further, the commissioner, in a statement made available to newsmen by the assistant director in the public affairs unit of the ministry, Mr Kayode Sutton, urged the schools that could not meet up with the criteria for approval to go home and do the needful in order for them to get their own approval in due course. She advised owners of those schools which scaled through and others before them to always reflect excellence in their service delivery and also integrate 21st century skills into their teaching methods, Mrs Adefisayo also urged them to make                                                                                                                              provision for students with special needs, employ only qualified teachers and emphasise digital literacy, as well as adhere to the recommended curriculum for teaching. In her own remarks at the event, director, Private Education and Special Programmes,  Mrs Adetutu Adebowale,  asked the school owners to maintain acceptable standards so as to be able to produce well- rounded students. Responding separately on behalf of the primary and secondary schools, the duo of Mrs Anidebe Chinyelu and Mr Femi Olaiya respectively asked the government to always update curriculum and make it available on time. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!