CHAIRMAN of African Newspapers of Nigeria (ANN) Plc, publisher of the Tribune titles, Dr (Mrs) Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosunmu, has reiterated the Awolowo family’s commitment to the company’s staff welfare in a bid to sustain its legacy. Speaking during the staff’s end of year party on Monday at the Tribune House, Ibadan, Dr Awolowo Dosunmu specifically appreciated the sacrifice being put in by members of staff, saying the company would not have attained its milestone without their commitment. Dr Awolowo Dosunmu said: “While members of staff are making sacrifices, the family is also making sacrifices to sustain the legacy of the company. “We are concerned about staff welfare and we will continue to ensure that the staff get their rewards. “However, when you make sacrifices, as you are doing now, one way or the other, it will come back to you. “I, therefore, want to appreciate all the members of staff for their contribution to the successes recorded by the company in 2019.” Earlier, the managing director/editor-in-chief of the company, Mr Edward Dickson had commended the staff for their high work ethic, saying it went a long way in achieving the company’s achievements. Kwara inaugurates minimum wage implementation committee Ex-Reps member flays N/Assembly over N37bn budget for… Bauchi residents cry out over lack of clean water supply Nation building: Omo-Agege tasks Nigerians to build bridges… Mr Dickson said in two years, with the support of staff, members of the board and the management team, the company was able to construct its offices in Abuja and Isheri. “We also just celebrated our 70th anniversary, which is a huge milestone, and just yesterday (Sunday), we were recognised by DAME with a Lifetime Achievement award. “These are testament that Tribune is an institution and we are all part of the success story. “Most importantly, we must appreciate God that we didn’t have any negative experience during our travels this year. We also didn’t have any reason to sorrow over any staff, so it has been a very eventful year for all of us in the company,” Mr Dickson said, while pledging the management’s continued commitment to staff welfare. Reverend (Mrs) Omotola Oyediran, in her goodwill message, thanked staff members for their dedication and loyalty, while praying that the coming years would be a year of harvest for the company and every- one associated with it. Reverend (Mrs) Oyediran also thanked God for supporting the company through all its challenges. “It is definitely God who has seen us through this outgoing year and we appreciate Him for this. “I also want to thank our consultant and the management team for the efforts put into the company in 2019, and I know that in the next few years, the company will go into a period of harvest for the efforts we have put in in the years past,” she said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.