RESPECT and Love are two key ingredients necessary for  building of a great marriage. It is no longer a secret among married couples, because there is a growing awareness about it. Respect and love are the two greatest needs of husbands and wives respectively. That is, for a husband, respect is like his live wire; without it he feels less like the husband in the marriage. Likewise, for the wife, love is her greatest need that must be fully met in marriage, otherwise she feels like a beast of burden in the relationship. Despite this growing awareness about the importance of respect and love in the making of a great marriage, the two ingredients have remained  serious sources of conflict in marriage. Why? Many couples have not been able to communicate respect and love to each other in the marriage. This is so because many of them have not been able to effectively communicate respect and love to each other. That is, the recipients do not receive it: what husband communicates as love is not received by the wife, and what the wife is communicating as respect is not received by the husband. Therefore, respect and love has become a recurring decimal in the marriage. How do we then achieve effective communication for respect and love in marriage? This can be achieved by ensuring that the recipients receive what is being communicated as respect and love. Respect should be understood in the light of the following: Osun should not have one and half university while Oyo has… I nearly took my life due to depression  —UK Based Singer,… I feed, clothe him, but he still beats me for allegedly… Entertainment industry is for the strong, not a child’s play… These are some of the reasons husbands feel their wives are disrespectful. Wives must know when to call it quit when discussion is tending towards confrontational argument. Love should be understood in the light of the following: Couples who can communicate respect and love in the manners stated above, among others, will enjoy a great marriage, that will be like heaven on earth. My book enjoying great sex life sheds more light on this issue among others. Call 08112658560 for details.   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!