A combined team of security operatives, on Saturday, gunned down an armed robber and arrested three others when they invaded a first generation bank in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja. The incident, which occurred in Mpape, threw the whole area into confusion as both the customers who were at the Automated Teller Machine (ATM) to withdrew cash and passers-by ran for their dear life. Witnesses told Tribune Online that the armed robbers stormed the bank, and shot sporadically into the air to scare away people. It was further gathered that shortly after gaining entrance into the banking hall, the police and members of the Nigerian Army arrived the scene but the robbers refused to come out from the bank.  Tribune Online gathered that one of the robbers, who attempted to force his way out was shot but remained indoor with a gunshot injury. As at the time of filing this story, the security agents were making efforts to break into the bank and end the siege. The security personnel have smoked some of the armed robbers out, while three have been arrested and one killed. A combined team of armed soldiers and special anti-robbery squad of Nigeria Police are all on the ground as at the time of filing this report. Guber poll: Fast, pray for peace in Edo, Oba of Benin urges… Lagos govt reopens Club Quilox Army intercepts 85 bags of smuggled rice in Ebonyi community Day of mourning in Kazakhstan following plane crash that… ALSO READ: Day of mourning in Kazakhstan following plane crash that killed 12 One of the witnesses who craved anonymity said about two dozens of police special forces arrived with a box of teargas canisters to continue the smoking of the bank. According to him: “The arrested robbers said they were got information from a bank staff who also opened the bank to give them to gain access. “The robber who lost his life was gunned down by a mobile police officer. “He had earlier disguised with a security guard uniform and tied the security man while they other gain access to the bank. “On shooting him, the MOPOL freed the guard who ran to the police station to inform the police. “One of the rescued staff named the accomplices as Ladi. “The said Ladi drove the thieves and equipment used for robbery into the bank. The security on sighting him approach the gate opened the gate, unknown to him that the robbers were inside the car. “Ladi quickly excused himself to buy water when the robbers arrested the security guard and commenced operation,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!