Academic and sundry activities at the Ekiti State University, Ado Ekiti were on Monday disrupted by aggrieved workers over mass retrenchment of staff of the institution. The management of the university had sacked over 600 workers institution who alleged to have been illegally recruited between 2016 and 2018, during the tenure of Governor Ayodele Fayose, have been sacked. Discrepancies were said to have been found in the certificates of some of the affected workers, while others were also found not to possess the requisite certificates from the primary school level. The protesting workers who were led by the major in unions in the institution chanted solidarity songs and forcefully chased out other workers from their duty posts. The workers besieged the administrative building where they equally send staff including management members packing. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Anthony Joshua prevails, reclaims world boxing heavyweight titles The report had it that the workers have vowed to continue the protest on Tuesday until the management rescind its decision on the sacked workers. Addressing the protesters the NLC chairman in Ekiti State who is also the SSANU chairman of the institution, Mr Kolawole Olatunde said the struggles would be a fight to finish between Labour and the management. TB Joshua pays tribute to Reinhard Bonnke Philanthropic body partners NGO on free medical services in… Lagos investing in technology to be Africa’s biggest… Purported arrest of two suspected kidnappers in Osun untrue… He said the action of the management was uncivilised and inhuman. Also speaking other Labour leaders explained that the sack of over 600 staff was an act of wickedness adding that the various basis for the retrenchment was flimsy. They call on the government to reverse the decision to guarantee industrial harmony. Meanwhile, the Vice-Chancellor of the university, Professor Edward Olanipekun has advised the unions in the University, namely, Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU), Non-Academic Staff Unions of Educational and Allied Institutions (NASU) and National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT) to maintain decorum while making their agitations. He gave the advice while reacting to the action of the unions to drive staff out of their offices after their joint Congress meeting held on Monday afternoon. According to the Vice-Chancellor, management would not watch and allow the unions to take laws into their hands by preventing those with legitimate businesses on campus to transact their businesses. According to him, “There are laid down procedures to be followed under the labour law in particular if staff unions want to withdraw their services which have not been followed in this case by JAC.” Professor Olanipekun also frowned at the situation where law-abiding staff were being chased out of their offices and described the attitude as unethical. He, therefore, appealed to staff and students to go about their normal duties, while warning that the leadership of JAC would be held responsible in the event of any breakdown of law and order in the University community. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!