The University of Medical Sciences (UNIMED), Ondo State is set to graduate the first set of its pioneer students at its maiden convocation ceremony slated for December 13, 2019. Among the pioneer graduating student is Oluwaseun Olafusi from Biochemistry department who emerged as the overall best with a score of 4.58 Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA). The outgoing Vice-Chancellor of the first medical university in the country, Prof. Friday Okonofua who disclosed this at a press conference to herald the maiden convocation ceremony of the institution disclosed that 31 students have been cleared by the senate haven satisfied the university’s requirements. ALSO READ: Hate speech, social media bills dangerous attacks on freedom of expression, says Amnesty International Prof. Okonofua said, “The Senate of the University at its Special Meeting held on 12th November 2019 gave a total of 31 students, 12 males, and 19 females approval to graduate haven satisfied the requirements and regulations of the University and found worthy, both in character and in learning. “The students are from the Faculty of Basic Medical Sciences and from departments of Anatomy, Biochemistry and Physiology will have their Convocation ceremony on Friday, December 13, 2019, and they will receive their certificates the same day. Group threatens showdown with Akeredolu over increase in… “I am pleased to inform you that the best graduating student is a female from the Biochemistry department and her name is OLAFUSI Celestina Oluwaseun with CGPA 4.58, first class. 20 students are graduating with second class upper-while the remaining 10 got second class lower.” While reeling out the activities lined up for the convocation, Prof. Okonofua who had hold sway at the ivory tower as Vice-Chancellor for five years disclosed that a student from Idanre Local Government Area of Ondo State who emerged as the best student at  the institution’s post JAMB will be given scholarship throughout his academic pursuit in the institution. The Vice-Chancellor also hinted that during the convocation ceremony, an honorary degree will not be conferred on any personality due to what he described as non-availability of postgraduate programmes in the school. He, however, stated that those who stood by the school since its establishment will be given heros award in recognition of their astute belief in the growth and survival of the institution. “Let me at this point intimate with you with activities lined-up for the maiden convocation ceremony of this University. We started with a medical outreach on Tuesday, November 5, 2019. Over 200 indigenes of Ondo Kingdom benefited from free medical and dental consultation as well as treatment at the palace of the Osemawe and Paramount Ruler of Ondo Kingdom, His Royal Majesty, Oba Dr Victor Adesimbo Kiladejo, Jilo Ill. “Former Vice-Chancellor, University of Ibadan, Prof. O. A. Bamiro, FNSE, FAS will on Thursday, ‘ December 12, 2019, deliver the Convocation lecture with the theme ”The Nigerian University System in the Throes of the Nigavekar Pentagon of Access, Quality, Cost, Relevance and Governance. “The climax of the program will be on Friday, December 13, 2019, when the convocation takes place with the conferment of the first degree on pioneer students of this institution and you are invited to attend this auspicious event.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!