Annual traditional and cultural wrestling competition, called, Ijakadi festival of the people of Offa town in the Offa local government area of Kwara State is aimed at promoting fairness, justice and equity among sons and daughters of the ancient town. Speaking at the annual Ijakadi festival in Offa town at the weekend, the traditional ruler of the town, Olofa of Offa, Oba Mufutau Gbadamosi, Esuwoye II, and the national president of the Offa Descendants Union (ODU), Chief Funso Oladipo, said the people do not encourage cheating in any way. Describing indigenes of Offa as resilient people and the festival as unifying factor, the monarch said efforts are in top gear to make the annual festival rank among top cultural festivals in the country. He said that stakeholders like the local and state government, including corporate organisations and individuals, are being contacted in order to bring back lost glory, revive the culture and return the ancient town to its rightful place in national history. Oba Mufutau, who used the eighth edition of the Ijakadi festival to honour Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq with a chieftaincy title of Soludero of Offa Land, (roughly the comforter of Offa Land), said the governor made history as the first governor to attend the event since it began eight years ago, adding that his attendance shows his love for culture and community development “This is the eighth edition of Ijakadi festival and His Excellency is the first governor to attend this programme. I’m giving him the title of Soludero of Offa Land. That’s a mark of our appreciation for your coming. This event is about our love for equity, justice and fairness. We have always shown the way not only in Kwara but in Northern Nigeria. We are always helping our community,” the Olofa said. Dangote Cement to buy back shares Equities market defies Xmas holidays, sustains loss at 0.41%… Nigerian Tribune bags DAME’s Lifetime Achievement… Meet ‘The Soft One’, qualified to satisfy you ALSO READ: NITDA investigates Lagos Internal Revenue Service for publishing taxpayers’ names The governor, for his part, acknowledged the self-driven development initiatives and resilience of the Offa people and how their support in the run-up to the election had been very decisive in the Kwara’s political struggle. “The Ijakadi Offa Festival typifies your resilience and ingenuity as a people and this has continued to make you critical stakeholders in the socio-economic and political space of Kwara State. I urge you to never relent in this regard because healthy competition — devoid of destructive jealousy — is key to development,” he said, restating his administration’s commitment to growing culture and tourism in the state. “The 2020 budget contains provisions to promote our cultural heritage as Kwarans as well as project our festivals to the world as part of our efforts to making tourism a major revenue earner for the state. “Going forward, this administration will promote qualitative and inclusive education, enterprise, and sustainable development with all seriousness. The 2020 budget has pointed in that direction and your own son is at the centre of our developmental initiatives as the commissioner for the enterprise. “One of our upcoming projects is the renovation of the Offa Grammar School. We have completed the tender process to rehabilitate the Offa waterworks to strengthen sanitation and public health. We have recently fixed the Popo Road, while we have also awarded the construction of Tipper Garage-Amuyo-to-Adesoye College road,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!