The Nigerian News has launched a book on the life of President Muhammadu Buhari, Integrity Vs Power Play: Understanding the Buhari Phenomenon. The book authored by Philip Agbese, one of the founders of the Nigerian News was presented at the third year anniversary of the paper. The Book which is written as a literary document that introduces fresh perspectives into the gamut of issues surrounding the Buhari personality and goes beneath the veneer of public discourse to connect major and minor events in the life of the Nigerian President with how Nigeria is being transformed for the better since the advent of the current administration. Speaking during the launch on Monday, the Chief host Dr Sam Ode, said the rare insights into President Buhari’s private and public lives have answered questions most Nigerians and the world frequently ask about the persona “This year’s celebration is laced with the public presentation/launch of a book written on President Buhari, titled “Integrity Versus Power play: Understanding the Buhari Phenomenon.” “It is inspiring, elucidative and a replay of the concealed, but very essential ingredients of the life of Mr President. It dwells deeply on salient angles which have consistently depicted President Buhari as an iconic leader. With looming shadows on the landscape of Nigeria’s public service and leadership. A 5-star Democrat“ “The rare insights into President Buhari’s private and public lives have answered questions most Nigerians and the world frequently asks about the persona. Mr President. I urge you to buy as many copies as possible in order to give your friends who are absent,” he said. ALSO READ: 2023: Only South East Presidency can guarantee national stability ― Chidoka Also speaking, the chairman of the award screening committee, Professor Jerry Ikuku, said the process of selecting the best from the best appears simple, but it is also, quite an onerous assignment, especially, when the nominees are rated neck to neck. 9th NASS not Buhari’s rubber stamp ― Reps member Terrorism remains major threat to West Africa – Buhari Buhari inaugurates 2020 Armed Forces Emblem with N10m… Rotary Club distributes free exercise books to pupils in… “But we were not prepared to fail or disappoint our corporate friends. So, after forwarding a list of the categories of awards, the management also gave the Screening Committee the leverage to adopt any model of our choice, we deemed fit for the selection of the best. “In effect, the Screening Committee endorsed the following leadership personalities as recipients for the various categories of 2019 TheNigerian News awards; Alhaji Abubakar Tsav, a former Commissioner of Police, Lagos state won the “Activist of the Year.” The Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (EVC/CEO) of the Nigerian Communications Commission CNCC) Professor Umar Garba Danbatta was awarded “Most Valuable CEO of the Year.” “The Chief Executive Officer, National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) Colonel Muhammadu Mustapha Abdallah (rtd was recognized as the “Change Agent of the Year.” “Chief Mrs Ibukunoluwa Abiodun Awosika the current chairman, First Bank of Nigeria PLC won the “Woman of the Year” category. Also, the Bayelsa state Governor-elect, His Excellency, Hon. David Lyon was awarded the Nigerian News 2019 “Man of the Year, while Nigeria’s Chief of Army Staff (COAS) Lt.Gen. Tukur Buratai got Most Outstanding Legend of the Year.” ALSO READ: Tambuwal set to reinvigorates State Judicial, Law Reform Commissions Others include, Director-General, National Agency for Food, Drugs Administration and Control (NAFDAC) Prof. Moysola Adeyeye won Public Order Personality of the Year, the Director-General, Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Hajiya Hadiza Bala-Usman is TheNigen’an News Role Model of the Year, while Akwa Ibom State Governor, His Excellency, Obong Udom Emmanuel registered strong presence as the Infrastructure Star of the Year. “His Excellency, the Governor of Oyo State, Engr Oluseyi Abiodun Makinde won in the “Human Capital Development Star of the Year” as his Enugu State counterpart, His Excellency Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi was distinctively recognized as “Education and Worker Welfare Star of the Year.” Adamawa State Governor, His Excellency, Rt. Hon. Ahmad Umam Fintiri came tops as “Grassroots Democracy Development Governor of the Year,” and His Excellency, Engr. David Umahi, the Executive Governor of Ebonyi State is noted by TheNigerian News as “Nationalist of the Year.” “And lastly for the awards, His Excellency, the Executive Governor of Edo State, Chief Godwin Obaseki is crowned with the “Fiscal Policy and Transparency Star of the Year,” award,” the chairman said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.