Six United States of America lawmakers have written a joint letter to the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami over the continued detention of the Convener of #RevolutionNow protests and publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore. Sowore and his co-defendant, Olawale Bakare are facing trial for alleged conspiracy to commit treason and money laundering. The accused were granted bail on December 11 after spending 123 days in the detention facility of the Department of State Services but Sowore was rearrested within the premises of the Abuja Federal High Court shortly after Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu presiding over his trial had adjourned the case till next February. The United States lawmakers noted that Nigeria under the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari has been trampling on citizens rights and has failed to be an example of respect for the rule of law on the African continent. They maintained that ”as the largest democracy in Africa, Nigeria has an opportunity and responsibility to serve as a model for following the established rule of law under its own constitution.” Lawmakers who signed the letter were Senators Robert Menendez, Charles Schumer, Cory Booker and Christopher. Other Congressmen were Bill Pascrell and John Gotheirmer. The lawmakers expressed grave concern over what they perceived to be state impunity and secrecy surrounding the trial of Sowore whom they submitted was not getting the right to a fair trial. We are guided by rule of law, I can’t order… Oil companies debt recovery: I don’t need a Kobo ― Malami Malami demands 2.5% Abacha loot, others Nigeria expects trillions from oil majors ― Malami ALSO READ: Buhari expresses worry over graduates’ employability as 153 bag first class at FUTA The statement reads in part: “Disturbing videos of the melee in court are circulating, which appear to show armed agents in court and Mr Sowore being placed in a chokehold after which he was re-detained by DSS, though no new charges have since been filed to justify this re-detention. “We understand that his case has since been placed within your purview. “We are pleased to stand alongside Nigeria as a democratic country. “As the largest democracy in Africa, Nigeria has an opportunity and responsibility to serve as a model for following the established rule of law under its own constitution. “And as with all advanced democracies, this includes the lawful application of prosecutorial powers and actions as well as ultimate compliance with judicial rulings. In the case of Mr Sowore, this does not appear to have happened.” The lawmakers said Nigeria must learn to uphold basic human rights of citizens including their “freedom of expressions and political affiliation without fear of government reprisal and harassment, particularly for opposing or dissenting voices.” The lawmakers further urged the AGF to ”take immediate steps to ensure the safety and security of Mr Sowore while he is held in government custody; work to facilitate a speedy and fair resolution to the circumstances of his re-detention; and ensure he receives a legally sound and credible trial.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!