The Minister of State for Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Tayo Alasoadura, has justified the Presidential order for the recomposition of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) after the audit of the commission. Alasoadura who stated this during an interaction with newsmen in Akure, Ondo State capital, noted that the steps taken by President Buhari would yield positive results. According to him, those who have stolen from the public fund would be exposed, assuring that the outcome of the enquiry would not be swept under the carpet and said Nigerians would be shocked with the outcome of the findings of the audit. He explained that the Federal Government has mapped out plans to carry out a situation analysis on projects executed in the region since the establishment of the board in 2001. Alasoadura also disclosed that some contractors who had abandoned projects awarded to them by the commission have returned to the site over the fear of being probe He said “I learnt that work has stopped in some areas. I will embark on an assessment tour of the state where we have NDDC projects to inspect the works going on there. We will not allow unpatriotic Fulani to use us cause… Plateau to collaborate with FG to secure release of abducted… Sowore, Dasuki’s release: Buhari not muzzling… Anambra community leader seeks FG’s intervention on… ALSO READ: Bayero University begins rice production “This development came as a result of the forensic audit,” He, however, said a critical assessment of the projects and situations in the region would enable the present administration to examine, study and address the challenges confronting the NDDC region He said the ministry’s 2020 budget would focus on massive infrastructure development in the state, noting that the Araromi-Lekki-Akodo expressway, deep-sea port and Olokola Free Trade Zone would help to improve the economy of the state. He said: “I have suggested to my colleague, Senator Godswill Akpabio, the need to support Olokola seaport. What makes Lagos the commercial nerve centre in our country is the seaport and we are going to achieve it. “Our focus is to do legacy projects that all Niger Deltans will be proud of.” The minister assured the people that the president was committed to changing the face of the region by tackling the challenges and opening up the area for investors. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!