The Rector, Federal Polytechnic, Ado-Ekiti, Dr Hephzibar Oladebeye, has stressed the need for the country to encourage technical education through proper funding of polytechnics as well as other Science and Technology schools to train Nigerians in skills and vocations that can guarantee self-employment. Oladebeye said the acquisition of skills remains the greatest antidote to unemployment and insecurity caused by youth restiveness and other forms of crimes in Nigerian society. He spoke in Ado-Ekiti on Saturday while receiving books and instructional materials worth millions of naira donated to the School of Environmental Studies by the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Kayode Fayemi on Public Building and Infrastructures, Mr Wale Ajayi. Describing the donations as a good development, Oladebeye noted that the gesture will go a long way in complementing the efforts of the government in making the institution rank best in technical education in the country. “I am elated with the donations, simply because not all politicians will want to do this, it is not common among the politicians. This is the second of its type since I became Rector. “Technical education is key to the survival of any economy, especially a developing one and all hands must be on the deck to promote it to rescue us from this messy unemployment and insecurity situation. Offa Poly mourns 3 ex-students killed in auto crash Federal Poly, Bida, ASUP calls for removal of… Reporters, students, others lose properties to fire in… Government to reconstruct Ado-Ekiti township roads “The donor is a good ambassador of this institution. You have brought honour to us, we will continue to support the administration of Dr Fayemi and ensure its success.” ALSO READ: APC insulting Nigerians by joking with high unemployment figures ― PDP The donor, Ajayi said the donation was a fulfilment of the second cardinal programme of Dr Kayode Fayemi, which centred on knowledge economy and amplified the need for public-private partnership for the upliftment of education in the state. He applauded the management of the institution for the opportunity given him to serve in the institution, noting that the knowledge he gained while lecturing really manifested in his political career. He said the donations was part of his contribution towards the development of the institution and to pay back to the polytechnic community that had given him enough knowledge. Ajayi called on the philanthropists in the state to always compliment the government by investing in the development of the polytechnic and other tertiary institutions in Ekiti. The Dean, School of Environmental Studies, Architect Oyedokun Abiodun, described the donor as a good ambassador of the institution, stressing that other politicians to emulate the good gesture by investing in the school. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!