His name is Senator Ovie Omo-Agege. A born, bred and brutal pragmatist. An actor of lead character in the stage of human development, societal progress and state rehabilitation. For the Delta State-born lawyer, speech is only beautiful when backed by action and achievement. Perhaps, for this reason, Ovie Omo-Agege, ever since emerging the federal political scene, has thrown himself to the consuming pursuit of change. Coming to power through the All Progressives Congress (APC), a party that formed from the popular disillusionment with the then status quo led by the erstwhile incumbent party, promising to bring change to the established order of maladministration, Ovie Omo-Agege has been instrumental for the materialisation of the promised change. For a man who, in despising wishful thinking, promotes the creed of action, his trail of activities since 2015 better expresses his pragmatic ideology. Under his belt are arrays of bills sponsored and supported, reformative in nature, which by their contents and tenets, exposes the progressive mindset of the man. These bills, when studied, betray a determined effort applied towards plugging leakages, enshrining accountability and ensuring penal rewards for offenders across diverse areas, sectors and industries. Ovie sponsored the act establishing Federal University of Petroleum Resources, Effurun, as a special university that will be thoroughly dedicated towards the study and utilisation of all useable resources emanating from petroleum, a core Nigerian resource. This bill, by the intention of its sponsor, will beyond, the critical study and utilisation of resources, ensure the coming of development to its host community while also providing, through the university’s specialisation, an avenue to create professionals that will harness the nation’s resources. Review of Tribal Leadership Workers’ remittances largest inflow on balance-of-payments… 10 mistakes leaders make when giving performance feedback Brand focus: La Casera, boosting CSR profile through… Ovie Omo-Agege has, over the time too, sponsored a bill to prohibit sexual harassment in tertiary institutions and another bill to amend the Electoral Act of 2010. The Sexual Harassment Bill, bearing the imprints of an astute lawyer, which Ovie is, clearly stated a breakdown of what entails sexual harassment and their consequent punishments. The bill to amend the Electoral Act seeks to institutionalise electronic voting, hence curbing the menace of electoral violence, ballot snatching and stuffing and all other forms of electoral malpractice made possible by the current analog method of our electoral exercise. The bill also aims to make it a norm for the nation’s electoral body to digitally store the results of all level of elections and make available, copies of the data to citizens upon request, without alteration while all petition and cases arising from elections in courts and tribunals are conclusively determined. Ovie’s determination at bringing democratic principles and institutional accountability continued, propelling him into sponsoring a bill to Establish the Dormant Accounts Fund and centrally manage all Dormant Bank Accounts/Assets in Nigeria. This bill will make a creed, the transparent handling and accounting for the nation’s resources. The activities of Ovie Omo-Agege, in the form of progressive bill sponsorship continues, including a bill to amend the Court of Appeal Act; a bill to amend the National Industrial Court Act; and a bill to amend the Companies and Allied Matters Act and Establish State Corporate Affairs Commission. Up until June 11, 2019, when the senator was elected the Deputy President of the Senate, he remained instrumental to the actualisation of the APC’s manifesto of change and progressive development. In his new capacity, he continues the vanguard march, leading the cavalry of development with brimming intellectual brilliance. Evidence of his enlightenment is seen in the nitty-gritty of his bills, which beyond their detail-oriented nature, are characterised by depth, rigour and focus. This has earned Ovie an almost cult-like following and respect, his words and works respected for their wisdom, foresight and accuracy. But what ultimately stands him out is his searing strength of character and courage of heart to speak truth to power, calling out wrongs and making concerted moves towards ambushing evil and defeating its reign. His candour spills out and goes beyond the hallowed chambers of the Senate. It flows into the streets, bringing development to the people. It flows into the heart of the masses of his senatorial district, fetching him love. It is this kind of endearment, added to the history of his rise to stardom, and family background, that earns one a life-long loyalty by his people. If Senator Omo-Agege contests for Mr Nigeria, he wouldn’t need facial beauty or body building to win it; he has the charm of charisma and competence; he has the people’s loyalty and love—he is a winner. Mayaki is a public affairs analyst  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!