Ile Tuntun Customary Court, Oja Oba/Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, has adjourned till July 29, a divorce suit brought before it by a man, Sakiru Abdul-Azeez against his wife, Sakirat Abdul-Azeez. Sikiru in his suit alleged that his wife had ceased to give him rest of mind as a result of her troublesome nature. According to him, she constantly fought him, their neighbours and landlord. He thus prayed the court to separate them. Sakirat acceded to divorce when the claim was read to her. Giving his evidence Sikiru stated thus:”My lord, my marriage to my wife is nothing but a mistake. I have not enjoyed our relationship since we got married because my wife is troublesome. She nags and complains over trivial issues and ends up fighting me. She fights me almost every day and has succeeded in turning our home upside down. I did not reject ministerial nomination ― Ogbe “My lord, she not only fights me, she fights our neighbours too. Rather than spend the remaining hours of the day resting after working hours, what I do is settling disputes between my wife and our neighbours. Any time I point out her wrong, she flairs up and insults me in the presence of everyone. “She has turned me into a source of ridicule in our compound; our neighbours call me a puppet and figure-head because according to them I have no control over my wife. “She went too far when she fought with our landlord who would have sent us packing but for the timely intervention of co-landlords who pleaded on our behalf. “I have reported her to her parents but she has refused to change despite being counseled by her parents. “My lord, I desire to live long, I don’t want my wife to cut short my life as a result of her troublesome nature. My health is gradually deteriorating because she has given me no rest. “I pray this court to put an end to our relationship before she kills me, “Sakirat said. “He’s an adulterer; he dated and slept with my best friend for years. I’m also ready for divorce, “Sakirat told the court. “He returns home late everyday and when I complain he beats me blue black. “My lord, he cares less about my feelings and he throws his immoral acts in my face. He returns home every night from his lover with a pack of condoms almost empty and throws it anywhere in our room. “He doles out money to women but fails look after my welfare and that of our children.  He’s not interested in our children’s education; I pay their fees and buy their books. “He shifted the responsibility of clothing the children to me. The last time I bought them materials and requested that he gave them money to sew, he refused. “I once got fed up with his irresponsible acts and reported him to his friend who spoke to him. He asked me to beg my husband and I did. I woke him up in the night, knelt down and pleaded with him to forgive me of my wrong doing. I further appealed to him to change his ways. “A night after this, he informed me he was no longer interested in our marriage and that he wanted a divorce. “I was shocked to hear this. I pleaded with him but he remained adamant. “He rented another apartment which he asked me and our children to move into. “A few weeks later, I called to inform him we had exhausted the feeding allowance he gave us and pleaded for more. To my surprise, he asked us to go and eat sand and switched off the phone. “I’ve not heard from him since then till I was served a court summon after he brought a divorce suit against me, “defendant concluded. After he had heard the evidence by both parties, the court president, Chief Olasunkanmi Agbaje stated that more evidence would be needed. Ruling, he adjourned the case and ordered both the plaintiff and defendant to come on the adjourned date with their children and parents or relatives.  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!