APPARENTLY dissatisfied with the quantum of infrastructure deficits, including the absence of basic amenities that has been the portion of Ajegunle in Ajeromi-Ifelodun area of Lagos metropolis, a bold step to rejuvinates the sprawling settlement, notoriously refers to as “Jungle City”, is under way. Among the steps to be taking are a possible legislation that would compels corporate organisations in the area to take up one project or the other for the benefits of the residents and also to draw the attention of relevant agencies and government to the situation, possibly, through advocacy. Citing what Mobil company did by reconstructing the old Malu Road, now known as “Mobil Road”, as example of corporate social  responsibility (CRS), worthy of emulation, a former majority leader in the Lagos State House of Assembly, Hon. Kolawole Taiwo, who is representing Ajeromi-Ifelodun Federal Constituency, in the National Assembly, has said that if persuasion or cadvocacy  fails, “there will be needs to employ legislative options “. New Ibadan dry port to cost over $99m Speaking on the state of infrastructure in the area, Taiwo, who commended the efforts of the past administration of Mr. Babatunde Fashola, under whose tenure, the Lagos Metropolitan Development and Governance Project (LMDGP), undertook the rehabilitation exercise, especially, roads and drainage facilities, said water and other important public utilities still remain a mirage in the area. UNILAG seeks to improve artisans’ competitiveness Experts laud impact of technology in reshaping estate agency… Officials task motorists on congestion on Lagos- Ibadan… Stakeholders decry stalemate over resuscitation of Ajaokuta… “As the representative of good people of Ajegunle, we will look at ways we can persuade corporate organizations in our domain to give back to our people what they need, just as Mobil did. “ When I was the majority leader in Lagos House of Assembly, I had discussion with Messrs Julius Berger on the need to emulate Mobil’s gesture, but the reply was that Lagos was just a branch, and that its Abuja headquarters that can decide and nothing was done. But now that I’m going to Abuja, with the cooperation of my colleagues, we will make sure that things changed for better “, he said. On the proximity of Apapa to Ajegunle, the legislator contended that any rehabilitation in Apapa should include Ajegunle, noting that Ajegunle is endowed with people of great potentials, whose environment has been limiting the actualisation of these potentials, especially, the youth. “One of the plans to upscale quality of life in Ajegunle in practical form is through what we call ‘AJ City’ project. The project will encompasses building of Youth Centre. This centre is not just where the  young ones will be loitering around smoking or doing unprofitable activities, but rather, a centre that will have basic education facilities-a mall-like building. The essence is to change their orientation from thuggery, cult activities and other destructive endeavours”, said Taiwo, who also lamented the absence of a befitting stadium in Ajegunle. “It’s quite unfortunate that despite the abundance of talents in Ajegunle, especially, in the areas of sports and entertainment, the successive administrations failed to provide the needed facilities. But the incoming administration, led by Babajide Sanwoolu has promised that his government will build a stadium for us and I will be on his neck to ensure that we get these facilities were provided”, said Taiwo. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Warning to Men: These 3 Foods will kill your Erection
Faster Than You Can Imagine..Click here to Know Them.. STRANGE THINGS!!! Man's Dead manhood Resurrects, After 9 Years In The "Grave" - Click Here Now To See The True Life Story Of These 3 Most Shocking Revelations, Everyone in Nigeria Is Talking About Now...