THE Trade Union Congress (TUC) has called on the Federal Government to use all the forfeited properties for public interest. Specifically, the congress urged the Federal Government to use the over N1trn recovered from corrupt Nigerians to provide some basic amenities and infrastructure lacking all over the country. The Itse Sagay-led Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption (PACAC) recently declared that the committee had generated a total of N1 trillion in cash, as part of the looted assets. The president of TUC, Comrade Quadri Olaleye and the Secretary General, Comrade Musa-Lawal Ozigi, commended the effort of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC) and the Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption) PACAC) at trying to sanitise the country and getting rid of corruption. Child education/marriage: TUC demands gender equality,… Aremu calls for massive recruitment, motivation,  training… Job creation, youth  employment top priority of Buhari govt… Job creation: Nigeria set to partner with Britain Comrade Olaleye specifically suggested that the properties should be used for public interests like school hostels, youth corpers’ lodge, tax offices, youth development centres and others, adding, “I have seen pictures of police barracks and military cantonments in the country and I can tell you they are displeasing and ugly sights. “These security operatives live and raise children in very dirty environments, whereas some privileged individuals loot the treasury to build mansions and even own estates in choice cities. Those estates should be converted into an extension of police and military barracks.” Speaking further, the labour leader added that “effort should also be made to reclaim and sell out the properties acquired in foreign countries. It makes no sense stealing from the country and invest elsewhere, while agencies of government are in a rented apartment and Nigerians homeless.” He charged the Federal Government and its agencies in charge to leave no stone unturned in the fight for sanity in the system. “Some people have alleged that the corruption fight is only against the opposition parties. While many of us do not believe that, we would like to advise that the fight be total, irrespective of whose ox is gored,” he emphasised. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!