Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo state, on Sunday, expressed the determination of his administration to improve the state’s Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) through enhancement of tax collection procedures. This resolve, Makinde noted targeted at ending the state’s reliance on federal allocations. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr Taiwo Adisa, quoted Makinde as making the declaration during a thanksgiving service held at the Living Faith Church, Bashorun, Ibadan. He said an increased IGR will engender his administration’s resolve to fulfil his promises in Education, Health, Security and Economic expansion, through the Agric value chain. “We want to ensure that the era of going cap in hands to Abuja to beg for allocation will soon be over in Oyo state. “We want the people of Oyo state to be able to have dividends of democracy right on their doorsteps. “The four cardinal programmes of this government include education, that is why free and qualitative education has come to stay in Oyo state. “For our WAEC Students, we should be starting intervention lessons for them shortly. ALSO READ: 40th days after, Shi’ites mourn members allegedly killed by Police Stop Isiguzo from parading himself as NUJ president, Odusile… Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… “We also want to fix our health care delivery system and to improve the security system, as we want all of us to operate in a secure environment, so that we can be safe to pursue our aspirations.” Makinde admonished the people of the state to keep praying for the success of his administration, promising to lead with the fear of God. ‘It has been five months since we were sworn-in and there has been tremendous support from the people of Oyo state and the Church in particular. “I can tell you with all I have seen so far, without your prayers nobody can even survive one week on that seat because it is a hot seat. “I have had to go to the state secretariat at 2 a.m. to check the security situation. “Also, sometimes I go out in the middle of the night to check the road being constructed and to know whether people of Oyo state sleep with their two eyes closed each time. “I realised that except you hand over this state to God to help us, you will just be moving in circles.” In his sermon, Bishop Thomas Aremu urged Makinde to intensify efforts on the collection of taxes so that the government will have enough funds to execute the free education policy among other policies. “I pray that our God will bless your government with more resources and I also urge you to take note of tax collection. I regularly remit my PAYE tax even though it is being paid to Ogun state. ‘I still make sure I pay to Oyo state since I am resident here. I urge our people to also pay taxes regularly so that government can have funds to execute its projects,” Aremu said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!