The Nigerian Police Force, Sokoto Command, has confirmed that more than one hundred fifty gunmen suspected to be marauding bandits stormed Tarana and Mahuta villages in Tureta local government area of the state and rustled undisclosed numbers of cows. The command Public Relations Officer, Assistant Superintendent of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Sadiq disclosed this in a press statement that, the bandits arrived the villages at about 7:00 pm on Monday armed with dangerous weapons and shot to scared villagers before robbing them of their belongings. ALSO READ:  Competition: UBA Foundation to reward schools with highest entries Oyinlola mourns Ogunrinade, pioneer Osun PDP chairman Pirates kidnap 2 policemen, boatman in Rivers Rwanda launches ‘first made-in-Africa’… Taraba killing: Army BOI submits report, recommends… A source, who spoke with our correspondent had earlier hinted that the bandits killed several persons in the two villages before rustling a large number of cows and other belongings of the villagers. The spokesman of the police, however, did not confirm loss of lives in the attack, He only said the attackers were armed with sophisticated weapons which they used to scare villagers. He further revealed that the command is trailing the perpetrators as more men and officers have been deplored to the area for a rescue mission. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!