There was panic on Saturday night around Zoo road in Kano metropolis when a lion escaped from its cage at Kano Zoological garden. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the incident happened around 9 p.m. when the rangers were trying to put it back to its cage after they returned it from the national agricultural show which took place in Nasarawa state. A source at the zoological garden told NAN that effort was being made to capture the animal which was still within the zoo premises. Malam Rabiu Lawal, a resident of Zoo Road, told NAN that he has locked up his house until announcement is made of the capture of the lion. ALSO READ: Igbo presidency in 2023 not negotiable —Nwodo 2023: Why Igbo man must be president —Nwodo Lack of autonomy killing varsities —Ex-UCH CMD Again 22 females, 125 males rescued in Kaduna Gowon advocates focus on industrialisation to drive export ”My entire family members will be indoors even if it will take one month to recover the lion. I have not experienced this kind of fear since I packed into this area more than 15 years,” he said. NAN reports that residents of the area went indoors earlier than usual to avoid the consequences of an encounter with a loose lion. As at the time of filing this report armed policemen have been deployed to the area while a search team was trying to capture the lion. All effort to contact the Managing Director of the Zoological Garden, Alhaji Saidu Gwadabe failed as his telephone line was not going through.  NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....