Two children have lost their lives in recent flooding that ravaged the Ajapa community in Ese Odo Local Government Area of Ondo state. The children, Igulapelewe Inuesokan and Justinah Seiwei, from two separate families, aged two, and three years old, were swept away by flood after torrential rainfall. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the ugly incident happened when the parents of the two kids were trying to find the solution to the flood which has taken over their houses The parents only returned to found their children missing and organised a search party only to discover that the two children had died inside the water. The parents of the children refused to comment on the death of their children while members of the community have called on the Federal Government to put measures in place to prevent future tragedies caused as a result of flooding. ALSO READ: Appointment of caretaker chairman in Jos North ploy to create Emirate —Kaze Confirming the incident, the Iginabou of Ajapa Community,  High Chief Godwin Akpos, described the death of the two children as unfortunate and said ” It has never happened like this before. Community petitions IG over alleged police killing of… Again, fire guts Lagos Water Corporation in Onikan Auto crash: Five burnt to death on Ondo highway Police arraign man over alleged theft of generator in Ekiti “The situation has badly affected the whole community,  no house was spared including schools and churches. “It started about four days ago but today is the worst. All our houses and property are gone.  It was so unfortunate that we even lost two children to the incident. ” Presently,  there is serious starvation and famine in the community, We are appealing to the government and all other relevant agencies to come to our aid by way of providing relief materials ” He described the situation as worrisome which has resulted in starvation and economic loss and stated that “as we speak now,  it is raining thereby adding more to the destruction. All our houses have been submerged and over flooded. ” We are finding it difficult to survive, our economy has been broken down completely, even to cook is a  serious problem, fishermen and women could no longer fish. All property is inside the water ” he lamented. He appealed to the governments for immediate and urgent attention in order to bring succor to the community. Ajapa a riverine community has been ravaged by the flood which has rendered hundreds of residents living in the community homeless before this latest incident. It would be recalled that most communities in Ilaje and Ese Odo local government areas of the state were ravaged by flood, compelling the state government to order a three weeks break for primary and secondary schools pupils in the area. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!