Barely 10 days after the news of two lecturers of the University of Lagos (UNILAG), Akoka, whom allegedly demanded sex from a female BBC reporter who posed as admission seeker went viral, the management of the university has set up a taskforce on sexual harassment on campus. The university’s spokesperson, Mrs Taiwo Oloyede, made this known on Wednesday afternoon in a statement made available to newsmen. She said the initiative is a continuation of the university’s unrelenting campaign against the menace of sexual harassment and other unethical practices in the university. Poor funding of Auditor-General’s office instigates… Reps fault non-assent to electoral act amendment N2.28trillion deficit: BPE advocates privatisation of FG… Mother, child burnt to death, as petrol tanker explodes in… ALSO READ: Bayelsa election: Bayelsans will witness more defection from APC to PDP ― Dickson The Task Force, according to her, has the mandate to: examine the extant policy of UNILAG on sexual harassment; receive complaints from faculties, departments and units within the university concerning matters on sexual harassment; receive oral and written testimonies from staff and students involved in such cases; recommend appropriate sanctions for staff or students found guilty of sexual harassment; put forward counselling and other therapies for mitigating the adverse effects of acts on victims; and to also carry out other duties aimed at eradicating sexual harassment in the university. Oloyede explained further that the task force who is made up of workers would serve as a Standing Committee which according to her, would send monthly reports of its activities to the vice-chancellor of the institution. She, however, re-emphasised that the university is committed to stamping out the menace of sexual harassment and other unethical practices on its campuses and would spare no efforts in ensuring that it remains a foremost citadel of learning and promoting excellence in character. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!