In spite of the tragic situations occasioned by recent fire incidents in Anambra State which claimed lives and destroyed properties worth millions of naira, another fire outbreak has claimed the lives of three female hotel workers at Otolo Nnewi area of the state. The ill-fated hotel workers were said to have been trapped in the inferno which occurred in the wee hours of Friday morning because they were unable to escape due to the fact that the room they occupied was locked. The owner of the brothel was said to have left with the keys the night before the incident occurred. Confirming the incident, the Commissioner for Police in Anambra State, John Bassey Abang, said it was true that the inferno consumed three ladies said to be workers in the brothel. Abang said that it was a drinking joint and the waiters who did a sleepover at the joint all lost their lives in the inferno, describing the incident as very unfortunate. UNILORIN win 3rd JAMB tertiary institutions football tourney FG did not reject our offer to repair federal roads linking… Gowon harps on industrialisation to drive export Buhari charges new Odole Oodua, Kessington Adebutu on… The Anambra police boss also confirmed that the owner of the said drinking joint where the three ladies lost their lives, had made useful statements aiding the police in their investigations. ALSO READ: NDDC ministry yet to transmit 2019, 2020 budget estimates to Presidency, NASS Meanwhile, the ill-fated drinking spot also known as Padded Joint located along St. Thomas Anglican Church Otolo Nnewi in Nnewi-North local government area of Anambra State is said to have a history of harbouring call girls who used the joint for commercial sex activities. Eyewitnesses accounts in the area also disclosed that it was the joint owner’s normal routine to lock the joint and go home with the keys even if the girls were indoors and didn’t go out for their sex work. The source further disclosed that the three girls were locked up in the brothel and there was no way for them to escape death as at the time the fire razed the brothel. The source said the remains of the three ladies had been deposited at Nnewi Diocesan Hospital pending when their families would come for them. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....