Members of the proscribed Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN) otherwise known as ‘Shi’ites’, on Saturday, commemorated the 40th day of the alleged assassination of their members by Policemen during the recent ‘Ashura’ procession where the sect clashed with the Police in Bauchi and Azare. The event, which was held at Fodiya Islamic School in Azare, was attended by Shi’ites leaders from other local government areas of Bauchi State as well as from other neighbouring states. While speaking to newsmen in an interview, leader of the sect in Katagum local government area, Malam Aliyu Abubakar Dawud said that the event was organised to remember and mourn their slain members. He alleged that the Police, some months back, killed three of their members, injured 30 others and detained seven while they were demonstrating against the assassination of Prophet Muhammad’s grandson, Imam Hussain during his lifetime. ALSO READ:  FG, state government urged to tackle poverty ― Expert Stop Isiguzo from parading himself as NUJ president, Odusile… Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… He condemned the alleged attack on the sect during the procession claiming that they were unarmed and not violent when police allegedly molested them. He said that the group will visit the grave of the deceased persons immediately after the gathering to offer special prayers for the repose of their souls. Our correspondent gathered that the event was attended by the Shi’ites leader from Yobe State, Malam Abdullahi Siminti, and other local governments of Bauchi State. However, it will be recalled that the Police did not confirm killing any sect member in the state but only admitted that there was a clash between them and the Shi’ites where some people were injured. Our correspondent also gathered that Police all over the country banned any street protests or processions by the sect following their proscription by the Federal Government. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!