The leadership of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to devote more attention to the areas of security, mass unemployment of the nation’s youth, peace and unity of the country in order to keep it together as one entity in the years ahead. Reacting to the Independence Anniversary broadcast of President in Abuja on Tuesday, the National Chairman of the party, Professor Tunde Adeniran said, “we in the Social Democratic Party congratulate all Nigerians and wish the Mr President well in the journey ahead. “We want Mr President to put more efforts on the security of the nation which is becoming alarming on a daily basis, more efforts should be geared towards how to create employment opportunities for our youths. “Mr President should work towards peace and unity of Nigeria as a nation through the channels of social justice, equity and the rule of law. “Nigerians by now should be more determined to promote justice and fair play to ensure that this democracy is not trampled upon by the political class. #NigeriaAt59: Nigerians must be optimistic for greater… #NigeriaAt59: Don’t be despaired, Lawan tells… Wamakko calls for support with Buhari in moving to next… #NigeriaAt59: Amnesty Nigeria makes eight-point call on FG “Politicians are becoming more reckless in the pursuit of power, promotion of self-seeking and self-serving to the determent of the people they intend to serve. ALSO READ: ICYMI: Man sets wife on fire over money in Ondo “Nigerians must wake up and ensure that things are done in the right and proper way inline with the law of the land, they should not allow the political class to mortgage the destiny of the coming generations. “We must always pay proper attention to the ways and manners leadership emerges in the country particularly within the Political Parties in the interest of our hard-earned democracy.” The former Nigeria Ambassador to Germany, who urged Nigerians not to lose hope on the future of the nation said, “Nigeria has not arrived where it ought to be, but there are high hopes that it shall get there and will surely be great again. “That greatness reflects through a good society where there is no class, ethnic or religious oppression, where crime and justice make sense and where the individual can feed his children without stealing, can protect his family without killing and make living without breaking any law or concealing his beliefs.” How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.