Crisis is brewing within the All Progressives Congress(APC) and youths in Ondo West Local Government Area of Ondo State, over an alleged change of leadership of the commercial motorcyclists in the town. Members of the party in the local government on Friday protested over who should be in charge of the collection of tickets from the commercial motorcyclists in the town. The protesters, mainly youths from the community, alleged the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Rotimi Akeredolu on Special Duties, Dr Doyin Odebowale, of causing the crisis in the union over ticket collection. According to them, Odebowale removed one Banjo David as the collection agent of the ticket from commercial motorcyclists in the town and imposing one Wale Aloba The youths who converged on the Secretariat of the Local government threatened not to allow Aloba to function as the collector of the ticket while calling on the state government to call Odebowale to order. The youths led by Udo Olawoye alleged Odebowale of causing disunity in the union through the imposition of Aloba as the person to collect the ticket on behalf of the state government They vowed not to allow Aloba to function in the Local Government because he is not a native of the council area. Other youth leaders including Tajudeen Ismaila, Taye Akinkuotu, Rotimi Fadimi and Christopher Akinkumi said the person to sell the ticket to commercial motorcyclists is not known to them. Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole Olawoye who spoke on behalf of the placard-carrying members said: “the person they brought to us is from Ondo East and not a member of our party.” ALSO READ: SIP impacting over 12.85 million Nigerians ― FG He said “he was a member of Alliance for Democracy (AD) and worked against Akeredolu during the primary and general election of 2016. The person who worked against us can not be rewarded with the sale of the ticket in our Local Government. ” We call on Governor Akeredolu, the state Chairman of APC, Ade Adetimehin, and the Commissioner from the Local Government, Mrs Lola Fagbemi to wade into the dispute before it gets out of hand.” “The youth will not allow impostor to sell tickets in our local government. They should not allow the return of cultism to Ondo kingdom.” However, the State Chairman of the party, Hon. Ade Adetimehin, appealed to try youths, urging them to remain calm, saying the party would investigate the allegations. Adetimehin said “I appeal to the youths to remain calm and law-abiding, having presented their position. The party hierarchy will look into their claims and ensure justice is done on the matter. “The party frowns at divisive words and dispositions; the State chapter is a big family, and every member could aspire to any available position without discrimination.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....