YEWA Descendants Union, UK, and Ireland on Thursday condemned the killing of secondary school students by officials of the Nigeria Customs Service operating in Yewa land. The union in a statement by its president, Kayode Amosu and publicity secretary, Obasanjo Kudoro, said the death of the students of Ojumo Community High School, Ihunbo in Ipokia local government area was shocking. The students were allegedly shot dead by men of the customs service who were said to be chasing suspected smugglers. The union lamented that the overzealousness of the men of the custom again resulted in the killings of innocent citizens in the community. The statement read, “Living in border areas of Yewaland should not feel like loving in the battlefield, likewise, manning of borders in our community should not lead to wanting the killing of our people. Again, fire guts Lagos Water Corporation in Onikan Auto crash: Five burnt to death on Ondo highway Police arraign man over alleged theft of generator in Ekiti MAPOLY student jailed for cybercrime ALSO READ: Statecraft advocacy: Youths are critical to Dapo Abiodun’s success “We have experienced similar fatal incidents at Ajilete, Oke-Odan, Oja-Odan, Owode and so on. The loss of our people due to this dastardly acts is becoming one too many. “We reject the growing lawlessness and impunity at which the agency saddled with guarding our borders carry out their duties. We are very disturbed at the alarming rate in which their actions resulted in fatalities in our community”. The union, however, urged the state governor, Dapo Abiodun and the Comptroller General of Nigeria Customs Service to hasten the investigation of this “irresponsible behaviour” and bring the culprits to book. It noted that such a move would not only ensure justice to the memory of the young ones who were cut down in their prime, it would also restore confidence in the people that the excesses of the customs officers could be curtailed. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....