Secretary to the Oyo State government, Mrs Olubamiwo Adeosun has stressed the need for the society to invest in the future of the girl child. According to Adeosun, such investment will enable the society not to miss out on the great values that the girl child offers. Adeosun made this call while speaking at a programme organised by Oyo State office of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to mark this year’s International Day of the girl child. Adeosun particularly advocated for the education of the girl child, which she said will be greatly beneficial to generations to come. “When we say that education is one of the pillars of this administration; it is very clear because education sure makes the complete difference in the lives of people even the generation to come. And we knew that if we want to make our difference in the history of Oyo State, then education is key. “You also know that when we talk about the number of girl-children, it is almost equal if not more than that of the boys, so if you do not invest in the girl-children you are missing out on so much value on the children. They are after my life ― GDPN Kogi guber candidate Gov Abiodun constitutes 51- man governor’s elders… Nationwide strike: FG hurriedly shifts meeting with labour… Legislative agenda: Buhari tasks NASS on good legislations ALSO READ: Probe: I have nothing to hide ― Ambode’s commissioner “But we should not just let the celebration of the girl-child end with the International Day celebration; let us continue to invest in the girl-child so that these children we are seeing here today will become leaders of tomorrow and not just leaders, but good leaders because we have invested in them all,” Adeosun said Earlier, Senior Special Assistant to Governor Makinde on SDGs, Mr Kunle Yusuf, commended the Makinde administration for his commitment to reducing the number of out-of-school children by improving access to education. He noted that through the free education policy of the Makinde led government, the girl child’s education and wellbeing is catered for. Yusuf assured of the collaboration of the SDG Office with the state government to ensure that the girl child gets access to qualitative education. The event was attended by a cross-section of female pupils drawn from primary schools across Ibadan, the state capital; the Director-General, Due Process Office, Ms. Tara Adefowope; a commissioner in the Local Government Service Commission, Mr Oyeshina Oyedeji; Director of Schools, Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board, Chief Jacob Dairo, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!