Kaduna state police command has confirmed the abduction of an Assistant Commissioner of Police, Musa Rambo along Kaduna highway. This was disclosed by the Police Public Relation Officer(PPRO), of the Command, DSP Yakubu Sabo in a statement issued to newsmen in Kaduna on Sunday. Sabo explained that: “Around  1530hrs on Sunday the command received a report from a team of Operation Safe Heaven that, a Nissan Murano with a Police I.D. Card bearing ACP I Musa Rambo, the incumbent Area Commander Suleja was found.” ALSO READ: FG, state government urged to tackle poverty ― Expert Stop Isiguzo from parading himself as NUJ president, Odusile… Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… He added that the vehicle was found abandoned around Kanock bridge, a boarder area between Kaduna and Nasarawa states, which occupant was suspected to have been kidnapped and taken into the  Kanock Forest. According to him, contact has been established with the kidnappers requesting for ransom and efforts are on top gear towards rescuing the victim and arresting the culprits. The PPRO pointed out that, the state Commissioner of Police CP Ali Aji Janga has assured members of the public that the command is doing everything possible to secure the release of the victim. He also enjoined the people of the state to continue to support the Police with relevant information that will help the command to overcome the recent security problems. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!