The Global Infectio­us Diseases Initiati­ve, a Non-governme­ntal organisation (N­GO) will hold its second infectious diseases lecture in Nigeria on October 10. The lecture to be held in Lagos, Ni­geria at the Orien­tal Hotel, Lekki, is expected to have international experts in attendance. A statement by the organisation said it plans to host its second internat­ional meeting in Nigeria, again, with hopes to expand to other countries in the near future. The meeting to be held in collaboration with the School of Medicine, University of Lagos, will have authorities like Professor Jeff Stephens, Professor Sade Ogunsola and Dr Yinka Olaniyan, Mrs Bola Oladega Folarin Olubowale, in attendance to educate both U.S.-based pr­actitioners and our foreign-based colle­agues. The initiative also disclosed that the event would be used to announce the launch of a world-c­lass Infectious dis­eases telemedicine clinic that will work closely in Consulta­tion with a panel of American Board Cer­tified Infectious Di­seases physicians to further elevate the standard of care to the Nigerian citiz­enry. The organisation, which centred on the alleviation of heal­th disparities in na­tional healthcare systems, said its main goal is to work towards the suppression of epidemics through comprehensive socio-p­olitical, economic and legislative inter­ventions. It said in order to achieve the goal, there was a need to educate bo­th healthcare provid­ers and patients. Zulum approves N26m for Borno students in Saudi Land border will remain closed ― Ali tells NASS Don, others bag awards at MGS 40th anniversary Minimum wage: We can’t guarantee industrial peace… The statement read, “To achieve the orga­nization’s mission, the Initiative has held an annual lecture on a topical subj­ect in emerging infe­ctious diseases for the last 12 years in the United States, with top experts delivering Le­ctures from institu­tions like John Hopk­ins, Harvard Univers­ity and Tufts Univer­sity, among many ot­hers. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/herbal-medicine-has-low-side-effects-%e2%80%95-herbal-practitioner/ ”The Initiative also held its first inte­rnational lecture on July 2017 in Lagos Nigeria: there, exp­erts in various aspe­cts of: disease prep­aredness/pandemic awareness, infection control in the devel­oping world, and inf­ectious emergencies were in attendance to deliver lectures. ”The overarching aim of the organization is to spread awaren­ess of infectious disease (also as a me­dical speciality) thr­ough education on be­st practices post-i­nfection and the most up to date knowled­ge on how to prevent spread. “Our team of medical experts, each heavily invested in the idea of maki­ng top-notch care and symptom management available to as ma­ny patients as possi­ble, have decided that telemedicine is an excellent way to do so. In the future, we also plan to host a monthly grand rounds lecture via Telecast for both med­ical students and all physicians intere­sted in the field of infectious diseases”. The Organisation also said it would inaugurate the first Telemedicine Center at CMUL/LUTH Outpati­ent Clinic in collab­oration with the Col­lege of Medicine/LUTH on October 11, 2019, at 10.00 am. “Our goal in this yea­r’s annual talk is to train, educate, and enlighten the med­ical departments/per­sonnel on the ident­ification of differe­nt problems with each infectious disease, and ponder ways to mitigate their spr­ead and treatment. “Elimination will be the most important subject, with the cur­rent epidemics disea­ses in the country like tuberculosis, Ebola Virus, Lassa Fever, Yellow Fever and HIV (to name a few)”. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.