Not fewer than 367 unlicensed and unregistered motorcycles and tricycles have been apprehended by the Zone 12 of Federal Roads Safety Commission (FRSC) in Bauchi, Borno and Yobe States in October, 2019. The disclosure was made by the Zonal Commanding Officer of the FRSC, Zone 12, Assistant Corps Marshall, Imoh Etuk, on Thursday during the fourth quarter 2019 Zonal Operators Meeting held in Bauchi. Imoh Etuk said that : “You may recall that Zone 12 in her efforts to achieving the Corp’s mandate on enforcement embarked on Public Enlightenment on unregistered and unlicensed motorcycles and tricycles in the month of September and began enforcement on the October 2, 2019 till date.” He added that “The total number of unregistered and unlicensed motorcycles and tricycles apprehended are 187 and 180 respectively making a total of 367.” ALSO READ: 21 inmate regained freedom in Ondo While giving the breakdown per states in the zone, he stated that in Bauchi State, 187 motorcycles and 11 tricycles were apprehended while 169 tricycles were arrested in Yobe State within the same period pointing out however that so far, 1,411 motorcycles and tricycles offenders have acquired their National Driver’s License and Number Plates. Reps demand explanations on $460m Abuja CCTV camera project Oba of Benin receives Africa Travel 100 Global Personalities… Communities get transformer, electric poles years after… You’re an animal, judge tells Chrisland School… The FRSC boss said that 1,105 acquired their National Driver’s License with 952 from Bauchi State while 153 were from Yobe State adding that 306 in Bauchi State acquired their Number Plates within the same period under review. According to him, the enforcement in Borno state has not been possible because of the security challenges there and disclosed that from January to October 2019, 24, 399 road traffic offenders were apprehended in the Zone. He said that the Zone, within the 42 weeks of the year performed poorly which placed it as the 10th in the country as contained in the Road Safety Headquarter’s Weekly Dashboard, because of the minimal enforcement of these offences. He said: “Commands within the Zone 12 apprehended 24, 399 offenders from the beginning of the year 2019, week 1 to week 42.” He lamented that, “The poor performance was due to the fact that the Zone has not made much impact in the enforcement of Expired and worn out tyres, excessive smoke emission, underage drivers, mechanically deficient vehicles, attempt to corrupt staff, construction area violation, driving under the influence of drugs, among others.” He stated that within the second and third quarters of the year, there was a 0.2% increase in the enforcement saying that, “this calls for all hands to be on deck for robust enforcement on Road Traffic Offenders, so that road traffic crashes excesses can be reduced to the barest minimum.” He warned all who have not acquired their licences and number plates to immediately do so as the zone has zero-tolerance for defaulters saying, “I wish to warn all those are have refused to comply with this directive to comply forthwith because we will not spare anyone we find violating this but must be prosecuted in accordance with the law.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!