Any person who has reached the age of 59 is considered old enough to know what is wrong and right. Nigeria’s 59 years of independence means different things to different people. The optimist groups view the 59 years of independence as a cheering event that in spite of our ethnic, religion and cultural difference, the country has remained one. To this group, Nigeria stands to gain more from our difference. Take for instance, the cattle and grains being transported to the southern states from northern Nigeria. What about the bulk of processed and finished goods being transported to northern Nigeria from the industrial southern states? So, every ethnic group is contributing in one way or the other for the socio-economy benefits and development of the country. That is why you can find millions of Igbos, Yorubas and other ethnic identities in the North engaging in lawful business to eke out a living and vice-versa. This fascinating arrangement has aptly captured the slogan of one nation different people. The country has succeeded in breaking the jinx or record of our democracy’s journey. Nigeria had tried unsuccessfully in the past to entrench the culture of democracy but it was truncated by the military. At last, the country can boast of good twenty years of uninterrupted democracy. Also, in terms of infrastructural development, the country has witnessed the construction and expansion of many roads across the country. Moving Nigeria forward to attain greatness Way out for LAUTECH Say no to prostitution Mounting insecurity may scare investors Our 20 years of democracy has uplifted millions of Nigerians out of poverty through wealth creation and employment generation. In spite of some achievements recorded at 59 years, Nigeria is not at par with its contemporaries. We attained independence the same day with India. However, India is now among the fastest developing country of the world. Through technological development, India is now a force to reckon with. What about Malaysia which collected palm oil seedlings in the early 60’s? The country is now an exporter of palm oil. At 69 years of independence, the country is still eulogising our past leaders for their exemplary leadership; the history of educational revolution or development in Yoruba land is to the credit of Chief Obafemi Awolowo who declared free education in Western Region which translated into the present educated Yoruba nation. In northern Nigeria, since the demise of Sardauna of Sokoto, the region has become a shadow of itself. Even his legacies such as the New Nigerian Newspaper, Kaduna Polytechnic, Ahmadu Bello University, Hamdala Hotel etc are not properly maintained by our present leaders. This sorry story is replica in other regions. Nigeria at 59 is still battling with the crises of nation building. The South-West are advocating for restructuring, South-South are asking for resource control, South-East are demanding for Biafra Republic; added to these multi-facet problems are the menace of Boko Haram, killer herdsmen, kidnapping and above all communal crises. There is no gain saying the fact, developed countries of the world must have passed through these crises of nation building. Their ability to surmount the crises through purposely leadership based on equity and justice is what made them great. If our leaders will promote good governance, the country will overcome its nation building challenges and attain greatness.   Ibrahim Mustapha Pambegua, Kaduna State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!