No fewer than 99 students of the Afe Babalola University, Ado-Ekiti, bagged First Class in the 2018/2019 academic session of the institution. The Acting Vice Chancellor of the university, Prof. Smaranda Olarinde stated this while addressing journalists on Monday to herald activities for the 7th convocation and 10th anniversary of the university. The VC revealed that the university would be graduating a total of number of 1,088 with 979 as undergraduates and 109 postgraduate students. ” The breakdown of the classes of Degrees by the 979 undergraduate students is as follows; 99 with First Class Division; 419 with Second Class Upper Division; 378 with Second Class Lower Division and 83 with Third Class Division. ALSO READ: Importance of history re-echoes at NNMA lecture ” For the first time, the overall Best Graduating undergraduate student emerged from the College of Law. This calls for celebrating its 10th year anniversary,” she said. Prof. Olarinde added that the eight-day series of activities would also involved the convocation lecture, award of honorary degrees to deserving Nigerians and the official commissioning of the ABUAD Adminstrative Building called ‘ The White Rock ‘ Nollywood films IBI, Nimbe, Diced win UK Film Festival… Okebukola develops homegrown techniques to teach science… Over 69,000 teachers sit for professional qualifying exams… 23-year-old Arowolo breaks medical college’s record as… She noted that the convocation lecture titled , ‘ The Pearl in The Back ‘  would be delivered on October 19,2019 by the immediate Past Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan and a professor of Orthopedic & Trauma Surgery, Temitope Alonge. According to her, the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji  Sa’ad Abubakar III ; the Obi of Onitsha, Igwe Afred Nnaemeka Achebe ; a serial Entrepreneur and Chairman/CEO Green Energy  International Limited, Prof. Anthony Adegbulugbe and the former governor of Lagos State and National leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) , Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu would be confered with honorary degrees on October 21,2019 at the grand finale of the ceremonies. The Vice Chancellor maintained that the choice of the quarter by the institution was a result of their contributions and impact on the society, adding that Tinubu was chosen based on his contribution to humanity and development to Lagos when he was governor and not as a result of his political career. ALSO READ: ‘Interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary approach key in research’ Prof. Olarinde said the university which commenced academic activities in 2010 has a total number of 8360 students across six faculties and post graduate studies, noting that all 47 academic programmes of the university have received full accreditation from the National University Commission. She commended the founder of the institution, Chief Afe Babalola, SAN for his foresight in establishing the institution ten years ago, saying it has helped in no small to contribute to the development of Education in the continent. ” Afe Babalola University owes what it has become today to the efforts of only one man; an indefatigable,dynamic , selfless, ever optimistic and over-generous father, grandfather farmer, erudite lawyer, transformative quality educationist, prolific writer and social analyst whose achievements are innumerable, Aare Afe Babalola, who today provides international learning and education opportunities to numerous youths who otherwise might have been cut out from higher education for many years,” she said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!