A chieftain of ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos State, Chief Lanre Razak, has applauded the judgment delivered by the Supreme Court in respect of the petition filed by the leading opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, concerning the last presidential poll, describing the verdict as a welcome development. The Supreme Court, in its ruling delivered in Abuja, the federal capital city, affirmed that President Muhammadu Buhari was validly elected in the last general election while describing the PDP and Atiku’s petition as lacking in merit. “The judgment is a good development for the country,” he said. Chief Razak said this in a telephone interview with TribuneOnline, even as he hailed the Supreme Court justices while maintaining that elections were won at the polling booths through use of ballot papers and not in the courtroom. ALSO READ: Fake NGOs defrauding Ekiti residents, Police raises alarm Gunmen kidnap Appeal court judge in Benin, kill police… Twitter bans political adverts worldwide Supreme Court verdict: Tinubu asks Atiku to join APC in… Reps query NIMC over misappropriation of iaspora… The APC chieftain said with the verdict affirming Buhari’s victory at the poll, Nigerian judiciary “has once again demonstrated that it is the last hope of common man”. “What I am saying is that the Supreme Court has demonstrated this beyond atom of doubt,” he said, He charged politicians and political elite to ensure they work hard to win elections and not look for short- cut as that was the lesson the court verdict had shown. “Politicians and political elite should work hard to win the election, they should not rely on the wrong notion that the judiciary would give them victory, that’s the lesson of what happened today at the Supreme Court,” Chief Razak stated. He enjoined President Buhari to remain focused and concentrate in delivering dividends of democracy to the electorate that voted him, and also extend his hand of fellowship to the PDP and its candidate, Alhaji Abubakar, now that election had been finally concluded with the Supreme Court pronouncing him as the winner. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!