As the November 16 governorship elections in Kogi and Bayelsa States draw nearer, the National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Prince Uche Secodus on Friday accused the All Progressives Congress, APC of plotting to rig the elections in the two States. Speaking at the Inauguration of the National Campaign Council of the PDP for the two States in Abuja, Prince Secodus raised the alarm that the APC was plotting to rig the election in collaboration with the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC and also to the full knowledge of the Security Agencies. He, however, warned both the APC and the INEC to watch it and play according to rules of the game or faced the wrath of the masses. According to him, “ordinarily given the enviable achievements of our party in Bayelsa state in the area of delivering democracy dividend to the people in the last eight years under the leadership of our able Chairman of PDP Governors Forum, Chief Seraike Dickson, and the very awful performance of APC government in Kogi state, the two states should be a smooth contest for us, but intelligence available to the party shows that the All Progressives Congress, APC is planning a charade elections in these states as was witnessed in Ekiti, Osun, Kano and Kaduna states. “We are aware that APC has chosen the option of violence knowing what awaits them at the ballot box.” ” This campaign council has a gigantic task of ensuring that the electoral desires of the people of these two states are realized. The heightened tension in the two states at the moment is needless.” ALSO READ: PDP to Sagay: Tell Buhari corruption resides in presidency “At this juncture, let me warn that APC might be standing on the excitement of its rigged elections in the past and think that they will always have their way in their dubious act. I charge APC leadership to take time and read our political history and know that the route they are headed is aimed at destroying our democracy and installing despotism.” While warning the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, against the consequences of supporting the APC to rig the elections, Secodus said, ” we want to warn INEC that we are aware of their rigging romance with the APC in the November 16 elections in these two states “I wish therefore to call on the international community and all lovers of democracy to show more than passing interest in the forthcoming elections in the two states. Secodus who also urged the members of the Party to refuse to be intimidated said, “At this juncture, I want to urge all our members and supporters in these two states to refuse to be intimidated by the APC’s evil design of using violence and money to undermine the electoral process.” They are after my life ― GDPN Kogi guber candidate Gov Abiodun constitutes 51- man governor’s elders… Nationwide strike: FG hurriedly shifts meeting with labour… Society disadvantaged without girl child education ― Oyo SSG “We also call on members of the press and international election observers to show more diligence in their responsibilities” Speaking on why the PDP should win the two States at the poll, he said, “what the APC has done with the power in the last five years does not encourage any lover of democracy and good governance to go their way.” ” Earlier this week, for instance, a credible international agency, Oxfam released a disturbing data showing that Nigerians leaving below the poverty threshold meaning extreme poverty have increased from 91.5 million it was in April this year to 94.5 within six months “This data should not surprise anybody leaving in this country for the past five years of glaring incompetence and dangerous parochial approach to governance which has worsened insecurity and endless bloodletting across the country.” ” The issue of kidnapping and banditry has enveloped the land with terrorism still waging in the North East.” “Nothing encapsulates the APC’s insensitivity to the groaning of Nigerians than their determination to increase their pain through extensive taxation, vat and toll gates.” ” The voodoo budget presented by the president this week clearly shows the regime’s inability to tackle the nation’s economic woes.” “Against these backdrops, I urge you to see your assignment as a challenge to save our democracy, to save our country and to save these two states. Speaking on the efforts being made to reconcile all the aggrieves members of the Party in the two States, he said, “I assure you that all hands are being put on deck to bring all members of the family back ” Former Senate President, Dr Bukola Saraki is heading a special reconciliatory committee to address all grievances in the two states.” While the Oyo State governor, Engr Seyi Makinde is leading the Kogi State Campaign Council, Bauchi State governor Mallam Bala Mohammed chaired that of Bayelsa state. The two governors who pledged to go all out to campaign for one man, one vote at the polls assured total victory for the Party in the two states based on the track records of the PDP in the states. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!