Popular musician, Azeez Fashola, aka Naira Marley, on Tuesday, begged Nigerians on Twitter to provide him with contacts of President Muhammadu Buhari and national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu. “Who’s got Tinubu or Buhari’s contact number pls?” Fashola posted on the microblogging website at about 3:29 pm.  The tweet has generated more than 900 retweets, 5,400 likes and more than 1,640 comments as of the time of filing this report.       IPPIS: ASUU, Accountant-General trade blame over October 31… Senate kicks against allocation of N600 million to… 2020 budget: Senators, reps commend Registrar as JAMB remits… Assault: He must sleep in cell before accepting his apology…   This may not be unconnected with his trial before a Federal High Court in Lagos which resumed earlier in the day. Tribune Online reports that when Naira Marley’s trial resumed on Tuesday, October 22, the suit could not proceed, following an application by defence counsel (Ojo). ALSO READ: No case of sodomy, torture in our rehabilitation centre ― Tahir The defence had urged Justice Oweibo to halt proceedings until a motion he filed this morning was determined. In the motion, the defendant prayed the court to compel the EFCC to furnish him with the prosecution’s witnesses’ statements. He prayed the court to hear his motion before the prosecution called its first witness. But, EFCC counsel (Oyedepo) opposed the application for adjournment. According to him, the prosecution is not in possession of the required document, adding that the defence is not entitled to the statements as of right. In a bench ruling, however, Justice Oweibo granted the request by the defence. Ojo moved the motion and again, Oyedepo opposed him. After hearing the motion, the court ordered the EFCC to provide the defence with its investigators’ statements, if any. He adjourned the trial until October 23. Tribune Online recalls that Fashola was arraigned on May 20, 2019, by the Economic Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on an 11-count charge of conspiracy, possession of counterfeit cards and fraud. After he pleaded not guilty to the charges, he was granted N2 million bail with two sureties in the like sum.   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!