Borno Governor Babagana Zulum has called on the federal government in charge of defence policies in the federation to increase the numerical strength of soldiers in the northeast war theatre. He said that with the massive landmass of well over 75,000 km there was the need to improve on the numerical strength of the Army, airforce, civil defence and the Navy who are the basic fighting force in the war theatre. The Governor who was responding to a visit by members of the House of Assembly joint committee on Army on Friday told the legislators that a deliberate increase of the combatant forces will bring the much-needed stability to the region and the state. In the future recruitment process, Professor Zulum advocated for the politicians to create a policy in which a lot of willing sons and daughters of the region would be recruited into the military to enable them to fight for their fatherland. Governor Zulum also called on members of both houses led by senator Ali Ndume to appropriate for more support in the areas of artillery power in as much as such power is needed for the timely defeat of the enemies. “The insurgency has a lot to do with unemployment which is why we would appreciate if you would work on such employment programs into the 2020 budget you are handling now so that as roads and other infrastructure is improved there would be more room for employment for our young ones. ” We would also appreciate a situation in which the army, navy and airforce will increase the synergy between them so that more progress will be made. We also will appreciate more powers to the police and the civil defence this campaign” he stressed. He called on the military to be involved in a much more offensive warfare if the prosecution of this war will come to an end. Governor Zulum called for the opening of windows of dialogue adding that there is need to consider it. They are after my life ― GDPN Kogi guber candidate Gov Abiodun constitutes 51- man governor’s elders… Nationwide strike: FG hurriedly shifts meeting with labour… Society disadvantaged without girl child education ― Oyo SSG ALSO READ: PCN seals 571 pharmaceutical and patent medicine shops in Bauchi The Governor commended the two Chambers of the house for helping the state in their plight against insurgency especially the establishment of the northeast commission which is now functional. Meanwhile, for the fourth time this year, suspected Boko Haram insurgents Thursday stormed Dalori IDP camp on Bama road in the outskirts of Maiduguri. The peace of the internally displaced people IDPs of Dalori camp one has torn asunder when the insurgents struck at dusk firing shots irrationally into the air to destabilize their lives. With the sporadic shooting coming from the back end of the nearby Dalori village, most of the younger IDPs started running away from the loud explosions which started blaring at about eight pm and continued for over an hour unchallenged. The suspected Boko Haram elements as sources told Nigerian Tribune went off into the Sambisa after looting the camp. One of the residents of Dalori quarters, Musa Lassa who was equally shaken by the free-flying bullets confirmed the incidence on phone adding that he narrowly escaped with his family to Tashan Bama by the primary school where he passed the night. Meanwhile, the attack came at a time when the joint House Committee on Army was visiting Maiduguri on oversight to army formation in the state. They have already visited the military hospital of the seven division and the military cemetery where soldiers have been buried in the last ten years of the fight. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!