EbonyLife Films, producer of Fifty, The Wedding Party movies and Chief Daddy has kicked off the promotional campaign for its latest feature film, the social-media-driven political comedy, Your Excellency, with the official cinema poster. The colourful artwork features Akin Lewis as Chief Olalekan Ajadi, Funke Akindele-Bello as his wife, Kemi, and some of Nollywood’s most popular actors, including (in alphabetical order): Kemi ‘Lala’ Akindoju, Shaffy Bello, Kunle Coker, Eku Edewor, Emmanuel ‘EmmaOMG’ Edunjobi, Alexx Ekubo, Oreka Godis, Osas Ighodaro, Mike Iheuwa, Aletile ‘Seyi Law’ Lawrence, Bimbo Manuel, Deyemi Okanlawon, Ini Dima-Okojie, Chioma ‘Chigul’ Omeruah, Ikechukwu Onunaku, Helen Paul and Toni Tones. The poster’s images depict the hilarious antics of the characters, as they vie for social media significance. The tagline, ‘What’s politics without a party?’, hints at the irresistible music and dancing that makes the movie perfect for the holiday season. Davido’s unborn child hits endorsement deal Alaafin, Olubadan, others for today’s World Twins Festival… BBNaija house rated world’s biggest, best —Organisers French band, Roforofo Jazz, others headline Inspiro… Sadiya Farouq, Humanitarian minister, disowns fake Twitter account Your Excellency tells the story of a bumbling, billionaire businessman and failed presidential candidate, who becomes a credible contender – all through the power of social media. As the drama unfolds, it seems possible that even a perpetual loser, written off by everyone, can pose a serious challenge for the presidency. Directed by Nollywood’s queen of comedy, Funke Akindele-Bello, the movie is funny and touching in equal measure, as it shows the importance love and loyalty play in facing life’s challenges. Executive Producer, Mo Abudu is already excited about the film. “Every Christmas, we aim to deliver a feel-good, family movie for our viewers, and Your Excellency is no exception. This time, we have  Nigeria’s funniest woman as both lead actor and first-time director, and she delivers on both counts. The audience is in for a treat,” she said. Funke Akindele-Bello takes the compliments in her stride. “Your Excellency already had a great script by Yinka Ogun, a wonderful cast and experienced producers, so all I had to do was provide a guiding hand and make sure we keep the audience entertained from beginning to end.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!