Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, on Thursday congratulated the Ooni of Ife, Oba  Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi,  Ojaja on the occasion of his 45th birthday anniversary. In a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Ismail Omipidan, the governor also commended the monarch for being consistent in always convening national discourse on issues of contemporary importance in the nation since ascending the throne. Oyetola described Ooni as a versatile source of intervention in the nation’s contemporary challenges, saying the monarch is a critical partner of government on issues of governance and development. 20,000 youths to participate in 2nd Ondo Art Festival —… Davido deposits N36m to buy customised jewelry for 30billion… Ace singer, Victor AD, releases new single, ‘Too Much Money’ Kogi election: Vote not fight, election no be war, 2baba… ALSO READ: LAUTECH workers urge Makinde, Oyetola to resolve institution’s crisis The governor said: “On this auspicious occasion of your birthday anniversary, I join your family, friends, and well-wishers to thank Almighty God for your life which has been marked by outstanding accomplishments and enduring contributions to national discourse. “Your royal interventions are notable in entrepreneurship, youth engagement, scholarships and agriculture where you have regularly deployed your means and influence to impact the people on an annual basis. You are a pride to the Royal Institution and the State of Osun. We cannot thank you enough. “On behalf of my family, the government and people of the State of Osun, I congratulate you and pray that the Almighty God give you wisdom, peace, and happiness. Enjoy this day to the fullest! Happy birthday to you,” Oyetola said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....