THE Minister of Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Malam Mohammed Musa Bello, on Tuesday, urged financial institutions and business credit providers in the country to help grow the Nigerian economy. He made this pledge in Abuja at the official opening of the 2019 Proudly Nigeria Expo organized by the Helpline Foundation for the Needy, Abuja. According to him, “it is no secret that government alone can no longer be relied upon as the major employer of labour. We are, therefore, obliged to be innovative and disciplined enough to embrace new channels of job creation and economic self-realization. “The private sector can be relied upon to turn around the fortunes of our country and I am happy that the FCT is at the vanguard of our national economic renaissance with the organisation of this fair.” He stated. Anambra South: Uba’s dynasty shattered, says Amachree,… Gov Bello in Kabba, assures Kogites of more development… Arik airline capable of national carrier status ― AMCON MD 2023: I’m vindicated on South-West Presidency, says… ALSO READ: Kogi guber: PDP cautions banks on loans to Gov Bello Malam Bello, who was represented by the Managing Director, Abuja Enterprise Agency (AEA), Mr Tukur Arabi, therefore, urged all budding business people in the FCT to engage with the AEA and take advantage of the opportunities available to them in the FCT. He said: “it is no secret that the Nigerian economy needs to diversify and grow on a much more larger scale than it is currently doing if we are to meet our ever-growing needs orchestrated by a growing population.” Earlier, the President/Founder of Helpline Foundation, Dr Jumai Ahmadu, said no government in the world over succeeds alone without the support of her citizens, hence, the role of her organisation to complement government’s efforts in bridging the gap by further identifying, reaching out, harnessing, utilizing, encouraging, promoting and showcasing the special potential to the public for proper utilization which could translate to reduction in crime. “At the “Proudly Nigeria Expo,” we look beyond just goods and services. We also focused more on the informal sector and particular attention is given to the less privileged who have talents and innovations but lacked the wherewithal to showcase them. Most of us are civil servants, but we felt it also our responsibility to contribute to the growth of our economy outside our routine schedules by fishing out young talents.” She added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!