The federal government has declared a state of emergency on erosion related issues in Anambra state. The declaration was made by the Minister of State for Environment, Honourable Sharon Ikeazor, shortly after inspecting some gully erosion sites in the state on Monday. Erosion sites visited by the Minister in the company of the state Deputy Governor, Dr. Nkem Okeke, officials of Nigeria Erosion and Watershed Management Project, NEWMAP, and state Ministry of Environment, among others, were completed Omagba Phase -Two Onitsha North erosion site, Ire Obosi and Umudim Nnewi erosion sites which are already under construction. ALSO READ: Buhari presents N10.729.4trn to N’Assembly The team also visited emerging erosion sites at Umuatuora village Enugwu-Ukwu which is already creeping into the main road, as well as Uruagu Nnewi gully which has swallowed up buildings and still threatens more buildings and properties in the area. Speaking at the sites, the  Minister who sympathized with affected persons in the areas visited, said that the federal government will urgently swing into action on the sites to prevent more damages. I will appeal Tribunal judgment ― Abubakar declares NITDA partners European data protection office Accept all corps members, train them, says Minister Security beef up as Buhari lays 2020 budget proposal before… Mrs  Ikeazor assured that the erosion control intervention in the state will be sustained by the federal government, and that she will keep monitoring and evaluating works on the sites till completion, to ensure quality and timely delivery by contractors handling the projects. She promised to visit more erosion sites in the state in view of the federal government’s intervention. ALSO READ: Residents of Isuaniocha community send SOS to Obiano over communal crisis On his part, the state Deputy Governor Okeke who regretted that erosion has continued to claim more lands from the little landmass of the state said that the state government will synergize with the federal government on the projects to ensure their quick completions. Dr. Okeke while attributing the major percentage of the causes of erosion to human obnoxious practices on the environment, emphasised on the need for community heads to embark on aggressive sensitization of the people on environmental management, and cautioned Ndi Anambra against dumping of refuse into the drainage channels. In their reactions, the President General of Enugwu-Ukwu, Mr. Bonny Ozor-nkwuaku, President General Youths Development Association Uruagu Nnewi, Mr. Ikenna Chukwudumejeife, and an indigene of Uruagu Nnewi, Mr. Igwebuike Ora-abueze, thanked the federal and state governments for the intervention, and pleaded for urgent commencement of work on the sites to save them from more damages. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!