The Federal Government has been admonished to tap positively into the recent measures put in place and ensure socio-economic and infrastructural development of the country. The admonition was contained in a statement issued on Sunday by the Yoruba Mandate Group (YMG), an organisation that seeks to promote the socio-economic and political growth of the Yoruba race. The group, in the statement signed by its convener/national coordinator, Chief Banji Ojo, urged the government to utilise the expected gains from proposed VAT increment, border closure and proposed re-introduction of toll gates for the benefit of the people. According to the group, the proceeds from the recent measures put in place by President Muhammadu Buhari should be used to bolster the growth of the national economy development. ALSO READ:  Governors castrated local govt ― Kashamu Ojo said, rather than been an additional burden, as envisaged by some people, the proposed VAT increment, re-introduction of toll gate and ban on importation of foreign foods should be aimed at generating wealth for the masses as well as providing basic social amenities. BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… “In advanced countries, proceeds from taxes are used for the repair of roads, healthcare and basic education among others. “If the proceeds from an increment in VAT to 7.5 per cent could be used to also address these basic issues in Nigeria, especially in the South West, it would make life more comfortable for the ever-growing population and bring more than 20 per cent of the population out of poverty. “The government should embark educating and enlightening the people and as well as hold town hall meetings in order to sensitise the people on the new development. “The toll gate system is also a welcome idea if it would positively affect the economy of the regions they were domiciled. But it is very imperative that the government should educate the people on the need to have toll gates across the major roads across the states. “Doing this would allow the masses to have a sense of belonging and agree with the system once implemented. “Furthermore, the government and its agencies should be transparent enough to render account of the proceeds from the new system when it was implemented. “This can be done by blocking any possible leakages, thereby stretching its mindset on the fight against corruption in support of the proposed new system. This would make the efforts worth the while,” he said. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!