Nigerian international music superstars Wizkid and Tuface Idibia, popularly called 2baba, alongside other African artistes are set to hit Dubai with the best of Afro-music at One Africa Music Fest. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the music fiesta is slated to hold on Nov. 15 at the Festival Arena, Dubai Festival City. Other stars listed to perform at the show include ace singer Tiwa Savage, popularly known as ‘African Rhihana’, Tekno, Burna Boy, Zlatan, Kcee and fast-rising female singer Teni. The artistes mix include  Tanzanian singers, Vanessa Mdee and Diamond Platnumz, Souhila  Lachhab from Algeria, Ugandan singer, Eddy Kenz, Nhatty Man and  LiJ Michael, both from Ethiopia. Nigerian sensational singer and actor, Banky-W will host the event, with Zimbabwean ace singer Jah Prayzah and Rwandan singer /songwriter Benjamin Mugisha, popularly known by his stage name, ‘The Ben’, expected to also perform. I’m not living my best life ― Don Jazzy Charly Boy set to perform at 2019 Felabration fiesta Ali Baba, Seyi Law decry sponsorship challenges Low budget hindering growth of Nigerian movies production —… ALSO READ: ‘Africa Music Fest’ returns in style The event is organised by payment processing company, Interswitch, Air Peace and GTB, among other sponsors. According to the organisers, the One Africa Music Fest, now its second edition, is a platform to showcase Africa’s best and brightest talents to position the content within the entertainment industry on a global level. The event is meant to promote African music, create awareness, stimulate demand, develop audiences and promote sustainability for African music globally. It is also aimed at securing collaborations between African music artists, businesses and communities, among other social connections. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!