The House of Representatives Committee on Culture and Tourism on Tuesday expressed displeasure over poor funding of the nation’s Culture and Tourism sector despite its strategic position in the nation-building. Speaking at the budget defence session with the Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism and Agencies under it, the chairman of the Committee, urged the Federal Government to either review the funding of the Ministry or scrapped it. According to him: “If the Federal Government is talking of diversifying the economy, it should then take the Culture and Tourism sector serious. “This a sector that can boost our economy, create employment for our teeming unemployment youths and unify the country as a whole. “Maybe the President is not aware of what is happening in the sector, the Honourable Minister should convey our deep concern to the Federal Executive Council, we want a change in the overall of the nation. Anambra South: Uba’s dynasty shattered, says Amachree,… Gov Bello in Kabba, assures Kogites of more development… Arik airline capable of national carrier status ― AMCON MD 2023: I’m vindicated on South-West Presidency, says… ALSO READ: Textile workers lambast Oshiomhole, APC over N42m presidential nomination form “I have been saying this over and over again, this is going to be the last time I will say it, the sector should be adequately founded or be scrapped outrightly. “We, at the Committee level will take a step further and bring this ugly development to the notice of the leadership of the House for further action because this cannot continue like this. “If a Ministry can get less than N200m for the culture sector, it shows that the government is not serious about the sector. If Mr President is a farmer and does not understand the culture, talk to him on that. “The Committee will set up a Committee to liaise with the Federal Character Commission in order to address the issue of lack of personnel and funds for the culture sector. Speaking earlier, the Minister of Information, Culture and Tourism, Alhaji Lai Mohammed had lamented that the Ministry was being treated as orphan despite enough responsibility on its shoulder and canvassed for more funding to enable it to meet its obligations. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!