Bauchi state Governor, Sen Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed has reiterated that his PDP led administration will come up with new innovations that would meet the expectations of the citizens of the state. The Governor was speaking when members of the Government Press Crew led by the SSA Media to the Governor, Comrade Muktar Gidado presented him birthday gifts for his 61 birthday anniversary celebration on Saturday at the Government House. Bala Mohammed insisted that, his administration deem it necessary to initiate new ideas to improve the living standard of the citizenry considering their support to him during the last gubernatorial election in the state. ALSO READ: No plan to introduce toll gates yet ― Fashola Niger water board generates N12m monthly ― Official 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools Igbo not ready for 2023 presidency ― Wabara Amidst protests, Nigerians mark independence anniversary in… He said that the prompt payment of workers salaries and various projects awarded by the present administration is to reciprocate the gesture done to him by the people of the state. The Governor added that despite the inadequate resources in the state, the state government would work tirelessly towards overcoming the challenges facing the state. He said that already, he has forgiven whoever offended him before, during and after the last gubernatorial election, and enjoined relevant stakeholders to join hands with his administration for the speedy development of the state. Earlier, the team leader and SSA Media to the Governor, Comrade Muktar Gidado said the governor being a veteran journalist, the crew deem its necessary to present him the gifts due to his achievements recorded within the few months of his administration. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!