Wife of the Vice President, Mrs Dolapo Osinbajo, on Tuesday in Osogbo, Osun State capital described women as vanguards of development, whose roles in sustainable growth and national unity cannot be overemphasised. She tasked them on the need to support their husbands, most especially public office holders with a view to enhancing their performance for the socio-economic development of the nation. Osinbajo made these disclosures while addressing women at 2nd national women conference hosted by the wife of Osun State governor, Mrs Kafayat Olaitan Oyetola. The development came as the Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola said that women across the globe deserve recognition and commendation for being moulders of all builders of a nation. Oyetola, who also spoke at the event described women’s role in leadership as a booster to the sustainable development of a nation maintained “that women in Osun are given pride of place as the government is conscious of their rights, capacity and welfare.” The governor also acknowledged and lauded the support of his wife, Mrs Kafayat Oyetola through her leadership of Osun Women Development Association (OSUNWA), in the promotion of girl child education and women’s participation in politics, business and agriculture. ALSO READ: Lagos chiefs reaffirm total support to Osinbajo Oyinlola mourns Ogunrinade, pioneer Osun PDP chairman Pirates kidnap 2 policemen, boatman in Rivers Rwanda launches ‘first made-in-Africa’… Taraba killing: Army BOI submits report, recommends… Oyetola said: “The theme of this Conference, ‘Woman, Pioneer of Change for Inclusive Participation in Development,’ is both beneficial to the women and the nation, adding that “it an ample avenue for women, our vessels of honour, to mobilise and galvanise themselves into a formidable group for equitable and inclusive participation in nation-building. “It is also a forum for our nation to further experience sustainable development through this initiative. Women are noted world over as great managers of men and resources, and indispensable supporters of successful ventures. “The real strength of a nation emanates from families where its builders are moulded. These nation builders are armed with the ethos of character and zeal imbued in them mostly by the mothers. “As a nation in need of change to regain our desired rebirth, the source of such reawakening can only genuinely come from the women. And when women garner their managerial skills to rouse society to action at all levels as they are doing now, the nation is on the right course to sustainable development. “In our 10 months in government, we have given loans to women to float small scale businesses, especially in Agriculture to reposition them for self and societal development. “Osun has enjoyed the contributions, cooperation and capacity of women in the position of leadership. We are resolved to use them as points of contact to other women so that they can equitably contribute to governance and development,” Oyetola remarked. Earlier in her welcome address, the chairperson of OSUNWA and wife of Osun State Governor, Mrs Kafayat Oyetola thanked the governor for his continuous support for women in the state. She said OSUNWA had created a platform for the wives of government officials to meet and deliberate on the development of the state, adding that the association has registered a footprint in developmental and empowerment projects in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!