The 2019 edition of World Twins Festival has received a big boost as two prominent traditional institutions, the Alaafin of Oyo and the Olubadan of Ibadan gave public endorsement and blessings for the celebration recently. The Festival Initiators and Managers, Ambassadors Taiwo and Kehinde Oguntoye, who paid courtesy visits to the palaces of the royal fathers to intimate them on this year’s World Twins Festival billed for Saturday, 12 October, 2019 with the theme “Twinning for Global Peace.” The Oguntoye Twins alongside with their twins’ team visited the palace of the Alaafin, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi, to seek His Imperial Majesty’s blessings and also to officially seek approval of Her Royal Highness Ayaba Anuoluwapo Adeyemi, as the royal mother of this year’s World Twins Festival. ‘$582billion stolen from Nigeria since 1960’ The visiting team of Twins World Creations which spoke through Taiwo Oguntoye expressed appreciation to the Alaafin, who gave the first blessings for the initiative over 10 years ago, noting that the blessings of Alaafin made the vision to go global and has been celebrated across continents. Davido’s unborn child hits endorsement deal BBNaija house rated world’s biggest, best —Organisers Hot new poster launches campaign for EbonyLife’s new movie,… French band, Roforofo Jazz, others headline Inspiro… “When Kehinde and I led some sets of twins to this palace about 10 years ago, we received your blessings. To God be the glory, we have been celebrated across five continents. We were named The Most Famous Twins in African Tourism and also were celebrated by the World Busiest Airport, the Hartsfield Jackson Atlanta International Airport for creating Twins Tourism among others,” he stated. Oba Dr. Adeyemi while welcoming them to the palace restated his commitment to supporting the Twins’ Tourism initiative and as grandfather of Igbo-Ora, the land of twins, and will always support the Oguntoye Twins. Oba Adeyemi said: “The oriki ibeji that states Ejire ara Isokun means twins are from Oyo here because Isokun is an area in Oyo. I endorse the World Twins Festival and you can always count on my blessings as the father of all. My first twins are now both married. One is living in the USA while the other is here in Nigeria. I have other sets of twins and triplets.” The first class monarch also approved the request that Ayaba Anuoluwapo Adeyemi should be the mother of the day. Alaafin later confirmed his readiness to attend this year’s event in person. Twins World Creations team had earlier visited the Olubadan of Ibadan, Oba Dr. Saliu Akamnu Adetunji Ajeoguguluso 1, who also has two sets of twins, in his palace to congratulate him on his 90th birthday anniversary and to also seek his blessings for 2019 World Twins Festival and his presence as the royal father of the day. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!