Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has urged Nigerians to keep their hopes alive and remain united to build a prosperous nation. Sanwo-Olu made the call on Tuesday while speaking at the parade ground of Ikeja Police College, in commemoration of the country’s 59th Independence Anniversary, even as residents in an uncommon show of patriotism, defied the day downpour and trooped out to witness the parade. The governor, who dressed in Neighbourhood Watch Corps’ uniform, congratulated Nigerians on the occasion, saying the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government and leadership in the state had made irreversible progress to restore the glory of the past and build on the legacies bequeathed by the nation’s founding fathers. The governor, who was accompanied by his deputy, Dr. Obafemi Hamzat, assured that the effort to rebuild the country and keep it on the path of progress remained on course while guaranteeing that the implementation of his party’s programmes would bring greater good to the majority of citizens. “Today, we take glory to the men and women who laboured and sacrificed their time, knowledge and resources to see that our nation gained freedom from colonial rule and attained the status of a sovereign nation. “Since 1960, we have achieved significant progress despite our challenges and setbacks. We have remained united in our determination and desire to build a truly prosperous nation that will be the pride not only to Africans but the entire black race. As we celebrate this year’s Independence anniversary, we must remain committed to achieve our collective aspirations as a nation,” he said. #NigeriaAt59: Nigerians must be optimistic for greater… #NigeriaAt59: Don’t be despaired, Lawan tells… Wamakko calls for support with Buhari in moving to next… #NigeriaAt59: Amnesty Nigeria makes eight-point call on FG Speaking further, Governor Sanwo-Olu said his pact with the people of Lagos was to consolidate the foundations laid by the successive administrations in the state in the last 20 years, just as he insisted that his administration remained committed to good governance as the tool to solving the challenges facing the state. ALSO READ: FUOYE students demand justice for slain colleagues as #IndependenceDay gift from Buhari “As leaders in position of authority, we are committed to achieving the greatest good for the greatest number and ensuring that we do what we can to improve and impact the lives of our people through good governance and our development programmes. It is reassuring that we are on the right track to attaining greatness and achieving the goal to build the foundation for sustainable growth; we take pride in the role that our state has played and will continue to play in the development of our nation,” the governor said. Sanwo-Olu stressed the need for Nigerians to remain resolute in sustaining the dreams of the nation’s founding fathers, adding that his administration would ensure Lagos remained attractive to private sector-led investment. He charged residents to eschew actions that would divide the country along the ethnoreligious line, pleading for patience as government at all levels rolled out activities to make the system better. The governor also pleaded for citizens’ cooperation with his government, reminding them that the task of building the state was a collective sacrifice of all residents. “I wish to remind you all that governance is not about the people in government alone; it is everybody’s business. I will, therefore, use this opportunity of this celebration to seek the continued cooperation and support of all citizens of this great state, especially in the areas of compliance to rules and regulations as well as the voluntary discharge of civic obligations,” Governor Sanwo-Olu said. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.