A crisis is brewing within the  Non-Academic Staff Union (NASU) as members of the union on Thursday, issued a seven days ultimatum to the National Secretariat of the union, calling for the immediate removal of the union’s General Secretary, Mr Peters Adeyemi, for contravening the rules of the union. The union which made this call in a communique issued at the end of its congress in Federal University of Technology, Akure, (FUTA) frowned over the high insensitivity, high handedness and working against the constitution of the union by the  Secretary. Speaking on behalf of the union, the  NASU Chairman,  FUTA chapter, Mr Bayo Aladerotohun, described the letter of invitation for Rules Conference issued by Adeyemi to all branch of NASU  across the country as a breach of the constitution of the union. According to him, the letter of invitation sent for the conference reflected the administrative unrest and ulterior motive, saying the process was in incongruent to the constitution of the union. He noted that the laid down proceedings by the union constitution stated that conveyance of Rules Conference stated: “that such notice should have been sent out for necessary proceedings even before any election could come up for new officers of the union”. ALSO READ: 9th House committed to constitution, electoral act ― Gbajabiamila He, however, said that the call for Rules Conference was jettisoned because of personal interest of the National Secretary, Adeyemi. Nasarawa gov directs school principals to stop charging fees Ganduje wants death penalty for kidnappers in Kano State #CashAndcarryPrison: Aregbesola lauds Fisayo Soyombo,… Borno re-introduces monthly sanitation after 26 years The union communique read: “For Rules Conference to hold at all, necessary proceedings for various resolutions amendments from branches to trade groups should have been taken for the consideration at the conference. “That the conveyance of the said conference is overdue since the year 2017 as stated in the constitution which already amounted to breach of the law. “That it is observed that this is a high level of insensitivity,  handedness, dereliction of duty,  and failure to adhere to the union’s constitution as the union has been turned to personal property. “That the act is a lawless and unconstitutional which should not be allowed to stand.” The union stated further that: “We reject in its entirety the direct deduction of dues through National IPPIS.” The congress, however, said the Rules Conference called by Adeyemo should be disregarded and stopped while all the legal proceedings as contained in the constitution should be reverted to. The communique read further: “That members of the union express their strong aversion to this unlawful emergency conveyance of Rules of Conference. “That the meeting issued a seven days ultimatum from the day of this letter to the General Secretary to withdraw the purported letter of invitation to Rules of Conference or face the consequences” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!