President Vladimir Putin has just hosted the Russia-Africa Summit aimed at strengthening ties between his country and the continent. President Muhammadu Buhari was there. LEON USIGBE writes on its gains and fears.  PRESIDENT Vladimir Putin of Russia hosted African leaders to a summit these past few days in the country’s Black Sea resort city of Sochi. The apparent objective was to strengthen relations between Russia and African countries, but some observers believe that the real intention was to heighten his nation’s economic and political influence and enhance his credentials as a power broker on the continent. Even before he broke new grounds in the ties with Africa, he had touted the existing military cooperation with it different countries. In his opening address at the Russia-Africa Summit, Putin spoke of taking the military ties to another level and affirmed that Russia, the world’s second-largest weaponry exporter after the U.S, had already signed military cooperation agreements with the majority of Africa’s countries.  “The number of those (African countries) that want to join us continues to grow,” Putin said. Rosoboronexport, the Russian state arms exporter had earlier said that most of its $55 billion portfolio is made up of contracts with a group of 20 partners in Africa, according to reports in Russia. The country already plans to a three-way military exercise in November with South Africa and China to take place in Cape Town. He was clear about the path he wanted his country to tread: “As a permanent member of the UN Security Council, Russia intends to continue to actively participate in developing practical measures for peace and stability in Africa, ensuring regional security,” Putin said. Military, Police, others resisting IPPIS, Finance Minister tells Senate Last week’s Summit stayed objective was to explore more opportunities not just in security but also trade and investment, science and technology, and gas production between Russia and African countries, areas that drew the interest of Nigeria.  Earlier this year, Nigeria signed a Bilateral Education Agreement (BEA) with Russia which, it hopes will expand the human capital development support the country is already receiving. President Muhammadu Buhari also  saw the opportunities inherent in the Summit in the areas of security, trade and investment, and building partnership that will enhance Nigeria’s huge gas potential, following Russia’s remarkable success in gas exportation. He took with him to the Summit, Governors Muhammad Inuwa Yahaya (Gombe), Bello Matawalle (Zamfara) and Kayode Fayemi (Ekiti) as well as Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, Minister of Trade and Investment, Adeniyi Adebayo, Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Olamilekan Adegbite and Minister of State, Petroleum, Timipre Sylva. At the Summit, Buhari expressed his commitment to the realization of the stated objectives and has pledged the reinvigoration of Nigeria-Russia relations to bolster an age-long relationship. He said fresh energy will be injected into the relations while calling for a stronger partnership that is humane, inclusive and diversified. The President made the declaration during the second plenary of the Summit, noting that the initial warmth and harmony enjoyed with the former USSR after Nigeria’s independence in 1960 should be revitalized so that citizens of both countries can benefit from socio-cultural, educational, technological and trade exchange. Buhari maintained: “Nigeria’s relations with Russia just like the rest of Africa began during the Soviet era when diplomatic relations were  first established in 1960. That relationship covered areas such as education, healthcare, solid minerals development and military assistance especially during Nigeria’s civil war. More recently, our partnership has extended to the oil and gas sector as well as military and technical assistance in support of our fight against Boko Haram insurgency.” President Buhari regretted that the collapse of the USSR in 1991 affected relations between Russia and African nations, which, he observed, lagged behind historical levels, noting that the former Soviet Union had been a key partner of Africa. He further posited: “We all remember the strong support we received from the former Soviet Union in our anti-colonial struggles. Africa will continue to remember this, and many other significant gestures of solidarity and support that shaped our history as a continent. We are eternally grateful to the Soviet Union for coming to the aid of Africa in its hour of need. As we live in an increasingly changing world driven by trade, technology and innovation, the time has come to inject new energy and pragmatism in Africa-Russia relations for the mutual benefit of both Africa and Russia.” President Buhari was of the view that the mutually beneficial relationship must go beyond trade and business to address challenges like counter-terrorism, poverty eradication, human and drug trafficking, illicit financial flows, climate change and migration. Speaking further, he said: “Our continent is rich in human and natural resources but is lagging behind in capital and technology. This is why we see increased conflict, migration and instability that is also impacting many nations outside Africa. On our part, we in Africa have continued to view Regional Integration as a key development priority.  Our integration is one that seeks to address our infrastructure deficit, conflicts and terrorism, climate change, human trafficking and trade.’’ According to President Buhari, the inclusive economic diversification agenda of Africa, captured in the visionary Agenda 2063, will forge a new Nigeria-Russia cooperation. He pointed out that progress had been witnessed in areas of power generation, solid minerals development and rail transportation, and advocated that the progress should be expanded to agriculture, manufacturing and other means of transportation just as he observed that “we already have over 200 Nigerian university students in Russia benefiting from Russian Government scholarships which have been on-going since 1960.” The Presidency is convinced that the summit has brought benefits to Nigeria. Beyond fast tracking the rejuvenation of relations between the two countries, Putin and Buhari have agreed to start new infrastructure projects and expand trade and investment, security and military cooperation. According to the Presidency, Nigeria and Russia will now work together to improve efficiency of Nigeria’s oil sector in a way that will see to rehabilitation of epileptic oil refineries through establishment of framework for a joint venture between Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) and Russia-based leading oil company, Lukoil. Both NNPC and Lukoil will work towards prospection of oil in deep offshore. The two countries signed “an important” Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), which will enable both NNPC Lukeoil to elevate  commercial relationship to a government-to-government backed partnership. Under the MoU, NNPC and Lukeoil will work together in upstream operations and revamp Nigeria’s refineries. The Presidency also said that upon Buhari’s request, Putin agreed that Russians will return to the uncompleted and abandoned Ajaokuta Steel Rolling Mill, which they established. The Russia government has also agreed to support development of Nigeria’s rail infrastructure by constructing 1,400 kilometres track from Lagos to the South-South city of Calabar. There was also discussion on the advancement of ongoing project for the establishment of a nuclear power plant in Nigeria. The Presidency believes the next step in the implementation of the project should be the commencement of construction of a power plant. Despite the seeming laudable aims and outcomes of the summit, critics see it as opportunistic, arguing that increasing arms sales to African countries will only precipitate strife in a continent that is already struggling with the devastating impacts of wars and conflicts Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING