In a bid to kick off the partnership between the Tony Elumelu Foundation (TEF) and the United Nations Development Programme UNDP’s plan to empower 100,000 young African entrepreneurs, the Tony Elumelu Foundation has announced the selection of 5,240 young African entrepreneurs. TEF In a press release made available to Tribune Online on Monday disclosed that the 5,240 young African entrepreneurs were selected from the 81,000 applications received from seven Sahel countries. It further stated that the applications were dominated by male applicants as well as people from the urban regions. “The Programme received 43% of submissions from rural areas and 57% from urban areas, 30% of submissions from female business owners and 70% from male business owners,” it said. UNDP had in July announced a partnership with the TEF’s foundation to empower 100,000 Young Entrepreneurs in Africa over a 10-year period. Low budget hindering growth of Nigerian movies production —… We will partner with NAFDAC to rid Oyo of illicit drugs ―… November election is about Ijaw nation ― Dickson Runsewe, Balogun admonish Christians on reading culture for… The 5,240 shortlisted applicants are said to participate in a pitching contest in November, before a final selection of 2,100 applicants would be announced in December. ALSO READ: NMA offers free medical services to LG staffers in Kogi Meanwhile, the Programme’s partner, the UBA Foundation, which is the philanthropic arm of the United Bank for Africa is said to be the host of the pitching contest that will hold in November. “The chosen applicants will participate in a pitching competition organised by the Programme’s partner, the UBA Foundation, the philanthropic arm of the United Bank for Africa, with a final selection of 2,100 applicants to be announced on December 15. The final beneficiaries will join the current 7,531 TEF alumni network, gain access to TEF’s networks, digital platform and receive non-refundable seed capital based on their business needs,” the statement read. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!