Medical and Health Workers Union of Nigeria (MHWUN), Kwara state chapter, has appealed to Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq to pay seven months salary arrears of its members in the 16 local government areas of the state. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin before inconclusive delegates’ conference of the union on Tuesday, the state chairman of the MHWUN, Comrade Saheed Muritala, also said that local government pensioners in the union faced hardship due to stoppage of their gratuities since 2009. Comrade Muritala, who urged the governor to pay 100 per cent Consolidated Health Salary Structure (CONHESS) to its members in the state, said that the last administration in the state increased payment of CONHESS to health workers in the state to 60 per cent in June last year without implementation till date. He said that such upward review of the payment of CONHESS to 100 per cent would assist the state government’s plan to bring primary health care delivery under one roof across the 16 local government areas of the state. Sokoto: 2,400 civil servants trained on ICT ― Head of… 847 soldiers killed, buried in one grave in Borno ― Ndume Kogi gov mocks Kogi PDP says your destructive agent has left… Buga returns with ‘It has been baba all the way’ ALSO READ: Minimum Wage: Anambra govt pledges commitment to adjust salaries Comrade Muritala also requested the state government to commence the payment of the 10 per cent CONHESS to members of the union as it is being paid to their counterparts in the health sector. He lamented that members of the union, who are contributors to the National Housing Funds (NHF) have difficulty in accessing the housing loan. In a remark, the state Controller of Labour, Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment, Alhaji Yusuf LR, said the union had demonstrated maturity on all industrial relations issues in the state. Represented by Oyediran Michael, the labour controller said that “dialogue remains a better option anytime in resolving labour issues”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!