Eminent dignitaries and traditional rulers, including juju meastro, King Sunny Ade, wife of the former governor of Ogun State, Mrs Olufunso Amosun, Olofa of Offa, Oba Mufutau Gbadamosi, Osemawe of Ondo, Victor Kiladejo among others on Thursday converged on Ile-Ife for the 45th birthday of the Ooni of Ife Oba Enitan Adeyeye Ogunwusi. Guests at the event held inside Awo Hall of the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife were thrilled to music from King Sunny Ade. Speaking during the event, Oba Ogunwusi said he always uses the occasion of his birthday yearly to empower the poor and the vulnerable in society. In a congratulatory message personally signed by Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola and delivered by the coordinating Director, Ministry of Local Government, Mr Ayobami Akinpelu, he described Ooni as a unique being created by the Most High God to fulfil several developmental purposes. A part of the message read “Since you assumed the throne of your forefathers, Ife people and indeed Yorubaland have witnessed unprecedented peace and development. I thank God for your life.” Experts, groups want new NDDC board to supervise audit Reps query N127bn power budget allocation Again, fire guts Lagos Water Corporation in Onikan Convicted cyber fraudster not our student ― MAPOLY In his annual gesture, the Ooni used that medium to distributed cash gifts, household materials and equipment to artisans which was applauded by everyone present especially students and officials of OAU. ALSO READ: FG needs $5.73bn to complete Mambilla power plant Earlier, top dignitaries including the Osemawe of Ondo, Oba Victor Kiladejo, Olofa of Offa, Oba Mufutau Gbadamosi, Deji of Akure, Oba Aladetoyinbo Ogunlade, Olore of Ore, Oba Johnson Adeolu and other top Yoruba kings had stormed the Ile Oodua palace of the Ooni to attend a special birthday gathering organised by the Yeyeluwa & Queen of the Ooni, Olori Naomi Silekunola Ogunwusi. Osun State Commissioner of Police, CP Abiodun Ige and his Ogun State counterpart, CP Basir Makama were also at the palace to felicitate with the monarch while the wife of the immediate past Governor of Ogun State, Mrs Funsho Amosun was present alongside other personalities. In his remark, Oba Ogunwusi said “I must sincerely thank you all for this surprise gathering despite your tight schedule. As you have honoured me, may the Almighty Olodumare honour you all. “Specially, I appreciate my beautiful queen for this wonderful surprise. Like other days of my life, I have been using the occasion of my birthday to remember and empower the poor and other vulnerable members of the society”, he stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....