TARVELLERS are in for a prolonged painful experience on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway as Julius Berger, the company handling the reconstruction of the road, will close another section of the road for four months starting from Monday. Consequently, it will divert traffic on a strectch starting from Magboro to the Punch section of the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway from October 21 to January 31, 2020. There is an ongoing partial closure of the Lagos end of the expressway which started on  September 2 for the ongoing reconstruction work on the 600-meter stretch between Ojodu Berger and the beginning of Kara Bridge. BREAKING: Kogi Deputy Gov Achuba impeached The Ogun State Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Mr Clement Oladele, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ota that the FRSC received a notification from the construction company on Friday on the new closure of the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. He quoted the company as saying that the development was to enable it begin rehabilitation work on the 1.3 kilometers stretch of the expressway from Magboro to Punch from Monday. Accordingly to him, the rehabilitation work will cause a temporary diversion of the Lagos-bound traffic to the Sagamu-bound carriageway from Magboro to Punch. Why Lagos is flooded: Atlantic Ocean full, can’t take… Presidency to spend N82.2m on sewage in 2020 •Budgets N463.6… Oyo to construct N8bn Iwo Road interchange in 11 months Road accidents claim 275 lives in 6 months in N/East “This temporary diversion of traffic will transfer the Lagos inbound traffic to the same carriageway conveying traffic outward Lagos, thereby making both the traffic inward and outward Lagos accommodated on the same section of the expressway within the 1.3 kilometres stretch of the road from Magboro to Punch in Ogun State,” Oladele said. The sector commander advised motorists to take note of the development and plan their trips by allowing more time to their travelling time in view of the construction work that would narrow the carriageway which may impair traffic. “Motorists are also implored to observe lane discipline and avoid driving against traffic as violators risk impoundment of their vehicles and payment of N50,000 traffic fine,” he said. The FRSC commander cautioned motorists on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway to drive within the maximum speed limit of 50 kilometers per hour, the maximum speed at construction zones as prescribed by the National Road Traffic Regulations 2012, to avoid road crashes. Oladele, however, commended members of the public for their patience and cooperation, adding that they still have to bear with the inconvenience the temporary diversion of the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway might cause. He also implored motorists to continue to cooperate with the FRSC and other traffic and emergency agencies that would be strategically deployed to control the diverted traffic around the rehabilitation sections. The sector commander said motorists experiencing traffic emergencies could contact the FRSC toll-free number “122”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....