Officials of the Environmental services in the four Local Government Areas in Ondo State, on Thursday, halted the sales of cow meat in the area, following the death of eight cows struck to death by lightning in the early hours of Wednesday. It was gathered that the eight cows that were killed by the lightning on Wednesday morning were quickly prepared and offered for sale by the herdsmen to the unsuspecting butchers. The cow meat which was sold at ridiculous amount caused the butchers to investigate the reasons behind the giveaway prices, while they were told that the cows were struck dead by lightning Tribune Online gathered that some butchers who had bought the cow meat in the early hour of Thursday were prevented from taking the meat to the market to avoid epidemic disease A source who spoke to our reporter explained that some of the butchers were invited to Agboriki area of Ikare Akoko in Akoko North-East Local Government Area of the state by the herdsmen, after the processing the dead cows in area of the town where the incident happened. He said the incident was reported to the officials of the Environmental Health Services who swung into action immediately and ordered that no meat should put up for sale in the Ikare Akoko and other areas. He said apart from the health implication of consumption the dead cow, the source said it is forbidden by tradition for people to eat or touch anything killed by lightning. ALSO READ: FRSC apprehends 367 unlicensed and unregistered motorcycles, tricycles Speaking on the development, the Director of Environmental Health Service in Akoko North-East, Mrs Yemisi Adeniyi, said that the officials had to establish synergy with the butcher association to prevent the spread and sales of the dead cow meat in the markets across Akoko land. According to her, other Directors of Environmental Health Services in the whole of Akoko had reached an agreement to suspend the sales of meat in the markets until the incident is addressed. Reps demand explanations on $460m Abuja CCTV camera project Oba of Benin receives Africa Travel 100 Global Personalities… Communities get transformer, electric poles years after… You’re an animal, judge tells Chrisland School… She disclosed that some of the perpetrators behind the sales of the dead cows have been arrested and were prevented from taking the cows to the market. She said they mobilised to the scene of the incident on Thursday morning, saying the cows were seized while the area was also fumigated to avoid the spread of disease. The health experts, however, cautioned the people of Akoko to stay away from cow meat in the next few days to avoid consumption of such meat, which was traditionally and medically not good for consumption. Also speaking, the Chairman of Butchers’ Association in Ikare, Mr Kabiru Ismaila said he was working with government’s environmental health officials to ensure such cow meat was not sold in Akoko markets in the next few days. It will be recalled that about 36 cows were reportedly struck dead by lightening last month on top of a sacred hill in Ijare community of Ifedore Local Government Area of the state. Speaking on the incident, the state Police Public Relations Officer, Mr Femi Joseph who confirmed the incident said investigations had commenced into the matter. He said ” It was the environment officers that discovered that the Fulani boys were selling the contaminated cows to the butchers and reported to us. “About four butchers have been arrested and one herder on the matter. We will charge them to court after the completion of our investigation.” Meanwhile, the state chairman of the Maiyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association(MACBAN), Alhaji Garuba Bello, said he had not been briefed about the incident but said he had been calling the leadership of the group in the area to confirm. He said, ” I have been calling their MACBAN chairman in Ikare Akoko, to know what happened, but his line was not going through.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!