Wife of a former governor of Oyo State and patron of the Access to Basic medical Care (ABC) Foundation, Mrs Florence Ajimobi, has called the attention of women to the importance of early screening for breast cancer, warning that breast cancer is a killer disease. Mrs Ajimobi, who spoke in Ibadan, at the weekend during a breast cancer awareness rally with the theme ‘Give hope, save lives,’ organised by Bovas Charitable Foundation (BCF) in collaboration with ABC, said early detection of breast cancer could stop the disease from killing those who have it. “The essence of this walk is to put a stop to breast or cervical cancer. There are worse ailments from cancer and cancer can be treated. “In ABC medical foundation, in collaboration with Bovas Charitable Foundation, we are screening over 2,000 women for free. The importance of the walk is to make women know that it can be stopped,” she said. She charged women at the awareness walk to spread the news that cancer can be survived if the right way was followed. ALSO READ: Kogi Election: We are on course, no hope is lost ― Natasha rallies supporters Niger water board generates N12m monthly ― Official 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools Igbo not ready for 2023 presidency ― Wabara Amidst protests, Nigerians mark independence anniversary in… Dr Bolu Kushimo from ABC foundation explained that the walk was to provide breast and cervical cancer awareness, causes and treatment for patients across the state, adding that the rally was to commemorate the breast cancer awareness month and to give back to the community by going on the outreach and providing free cervical screening and clinical breast examination. “The programme is a month-long programme. We aim to screen about 2,000 women across and outside Ibadan. ABC Foundation has about ten clinics and we hope to screen about 200 people at each of them. “Whoever is screened and requires a follow up will be taken care of by the organisation. ABC has a diagnostic hub where all income made is transferred to charity. Our screening goes for N2, 500, which is the cheapest in South-West, Nigeria,” Kushimo said. The secretary of BCF, Mr Ishola Abimbola, told Sunday Tribune that the medical arm of the foundation realised that women needed to be aware of their health, especially with the increase of cancer deaths. “We are doing this because women who are private people do not want to expose their body parts to anyone for check-ups. The programme intends to take care of this by making sure women can do the check-up with ABC at their clinics so the problem does not grow worse if it comes up at all. “When discovered early, cervical cancer can be stopped and never resurface anymore. We do the surgeries for free with the best medical practitioners,” he said. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!