Kwara State government has said that it is determined to take decisive steps to curb the menace of perennial flooding in the state. Speaking during an unscheduled visit to sites affected by flooding in Ilorin, the state capital on Monday, the state deputy governor, Mr. Kayode Alabi, said that Asa River would be dredged and channelized as part of efforts to find lasting solutions to the perennial flooding affecting parts of the state. The Deputy Governor, who was accompanied by the Chief of Staff, Alhaji Aminu Logun, on the visit expressed displeasure on the situation calling on the people to stop dumping refuse on the drainage. He noted that the bad habit of dumping refuse on the waterways had caused hardship to the people living along the Riverbank. ALSO READ: NGO commends govts for scaling up prevention services for HIV, AIDS Single HIV screening in early pregnancy inadequate… ‘Doctors, professionals that commit suicide the most’ Mamora launches Speak Up, Cry Out, campaign… Niger to commence kidney transplant at IBB specialist… Mr. Alabi directed the concerned ministries to clear the waterways to ensure the free flow of water. The Deputy Governor called on the people to embrace personal hygiene principles. The Deputy Governor was conducted round the flood-affected and prone areas by the State Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Environment and Forestry, Alhaji Isiaq Al-Amin and that of Works and Transport, Dr Garuba Manjo. Places visited include Unity bridge, that of Amilegbe, Second ECWA premises, Aduralere, Isale Koko and the premises of Omo-Hiyah Group of Schools among others. Speaking at Isale Koko, two community leaders, Alhaji Aliu Soro-two and Hajia Iyabo Akanbi, praised the state government functionaries for visiting the sites to obtain first-hand information. They noted that the flooding of the River has seriously affected the economy activities of the people living in the area and called for the dredging of Asa River to Isale Koko and Duma area as a way out of the problem. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!