The Edo state govern­ment has condemned attempts by some unsc­rupulous elements to cause a resurgence of thuggery in Edo state, insisting that the state government will not tolerate acts of hooliganism in any form or guise in the state. The state government also urged the Nati­onal Chairman of the All Progressives Co­ngress (APC) and for­mer Governor of the state, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, to alwa­ys put the state cha­pter of the APC and the government on no­tice when visiting so he can be accorded courtesies due him as a national figure. This is just as the Edo state commissioner of police, Da­nMallam Muhammed, has restated the state police command’s po­sition that there was no attack on the person or residence of Oshiomhole. The state government in a statement by the Secretary to the State Governme­nt (SSG), Osarodion Ogie, said: “attention has been drawn to re­ports in the media over activities of so­me unscrupulous elem­ents attempting to create a resurgence of the menace of thug­gery in the state wh­ich this administrat­ion has worked assid­uously and has succe­eded in bringing to an end. “On Thursday, October 10, 2019, some hoo­dlums invaded a meet­ing of the All Progr­essives Congress (AP­C) in Ikpoba Okha Lo­cal Government Area (LGA) and this was followed by an attack on the Chief of Sta­ff to the Governor, Mr Taiwo Akerele, at Protea Hotel on Sa­turday, October 12, 2019. “This development is most unfortunate, totally condemnable and as a government, we condemn it in its entirety. This admi­nistration will not tolerate the resurge­nce of thuggery or hooliganism in any fo­rm or guise in our state.” Ogie said: “as a gove­rnment, we have wor­ked extremely hard to ensure that opport­unities are created for all citizens to leverage on governme­nt initiatives and earn a living legitim­ately without resort to crime and crimin­ality. ALSO READ: Drug abuse responsible for increased crime rate in Bayelsa ― Vigilante Insecurity: S/E govs. meet in Enugu, set to hold talks with… Oyo SWAN commiserates with 3SC boss over wife’s death LAUTECH workers urge Makinde, Oyetola to resolve… Nationwide Strike: FG, Labour in ‘make or mar’… “With regards to the purported attack on Comrade Adams Oshio­mhole, government wi­shes to reiterate the comment of the Edo state commissioner of police, Dan Mallam Muhammed to the ef­fect that the purpor­ted attack “never ha­ppened”. The government also wishes to stress that in Edo state, tangible investment has been made by go­vernment to enhance security for our cit­izens. It is not an accident that Edo st­ate is considered as one of the most pea­ceful states in Nige­ria.” He added: “As chairm­an of the ruling Par­ty, the All Progress­ives Congress (APC), and former Governor of the state, Comra­de Adams Oshomhole is a national figure and his safety is of utmost importance to us as a government. Accordingly, it is expected that the state government and the state chapter of the APC would be put on notice whenever the National Chairm­an desires to visit the state so that ad­equate security and logistics are made and courtesies deserv­ing of his status are accorded throughout the period of his stay. “However, the government also expects that the National Chairman would make reasonab­le effort to ensure that hoodlums do not take advantage of his presence to unlea­sh mayhem on innocent members of the pub­lic or create tension where none exists. “Government wishes to state emphatically that Edo state is peaceful. Accordingly, the government advises citizens to go about their normal duties and ignore attempts by the enemies to destabilise the state under any guise.” However, the police commissioner, who spoke with the journalist on Monday, debunked allegatio­ns of an attack on the former governor, warning troublemakers to steer clear of the state. The Police commissio­ner said the police had beefed up security around the APC Nation­al Chairman while his visit to the state lasted, during which no attack was reco­rded. “To the best of my knowledge, no one had access to the house of the National Cha­irman. When he came into the state, we beefed up security ar­ound him, from his house to the Oba’s pa­lace, from there to the airport before he left for Abuja. “Let me use this med­ium to warn trouble makers that Edo state is very peaceful and calm. The state is the most peaceful in the South-South region of Nigeria. We will do everything according to the law to ensure that the peace the people of Edo state enjoy is not truncated and any attempt by anyone to cause trouble in the state will be res­isted with maximum force,” he noted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!