Following the report of a test conducted on the polluted water consumed by the residents of Akoka community in Lagos owing to the leakage of an underground tank by Total Filling Station in the area, over 900,000 school children are at a risk of dying gradually. The result of the test suggests the presence of TPH (Total Petroleum Hydrocarbon) in the polluted water consumed by mainly school children numbering over 900, 000 in Akoka community, apart from adults. Achemist,Mrs IdayatOgunfemi, who is a resident of the community, who presented the test result during a press briefing in Lagos on Saturday, noted that the presence of TPH can affect the central nervous system, breathing, blood amongst others. She said that she had spent so much treating several ailments including cervical outgrowth. ‘’These chemicals are so harmful to the body system that it kills gradually. Total must do the right thing by ensuring that the damaged tanks are replaced forthwith. Otherwise we will keep dying gradually,” she said. #SexForGrades scandal: Atiku says ‘It’s an epidemic’, SERAP sues for justice Global environmental movers and shakers receive UNEP… Dafinone calls on Nigerians to respect nature by preserving… Climate change: EHSA, FRIN collaborate on tree planting… Outlier venture lab: Environment entrepreneurs to attract… Corroborating her, a professor of Medicine, Lagos State University Teaching Hospital, Professor Francis Duru, also a resident,said that the pollutant chemicals affect the liver, kidney as well as genes. He lamented that “it is unfortunate that we live in a society that does not have value for human lives. This is an environmental degradation and we will continue to shout until we hit the right cord.” Speaking at the event, the chairman of the community victims, Mr Akintunde Olufemi, likened the plight of the victims to a genocide. According to him, the residents will continue to cry until the world hears them, adding that the relevant stakeholders have failed them. Fielding questions from pressmen on their demands, Mr Olufemi said that the residents want potable drinking water in Akoka, the damaged tanks be replaced, medical remediation for the residents of 10 years, and compensation for the residents as they have been buying water daily. It will be recalled that the residents of Akoka community have been crying for help following the pollution of their water due to the leakage of adamaged underground tank owned by a Total Filling Station in the area for years without respite. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!