Academic activities may once again be disrupted at the nation’s universities as university lecturers have threatened to embark on an industrial action to kick against the implementation of the Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information System (IPPIS) by the federal government. Speaking in Benin yesterday after an enlarged meeting of the Benin Zone of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) which held at the University of Benin (UNIBEN), the Zonal Coordinator, Comrade Fred Esumen, warned that if the government sanctions any of its members who fail to enrol for the IPPIS at the expiration of the deadline on October 31, the union will embark on “no pay, no work”. The zone comprises UNIBEN, Ambrose Alli University (AAU),/Ekpoma both in Edo state, Adekunle Ajasin University (Akungba, Akoko), University of Science and Technology (Okitipupa) both in Ondo state, Delta State University (Abraka) and the Federal University of Petroleum Resources (FUPRE) both in Delta state. The Coordinator argued that the new policy being championed by the office of the Accountant-General of the Federation (OAGF) is a mere directive and so, cannot and should not take precedence over the law. Esumen noted that the new policy is a clear violation of the agreement ASUU had with the government in the past and the laws establishing universities via the miscellaneous act as amended in 2003. He said that the act gave vested powers to the Governing Councils to take control and manage funds of the universities including the staff recruitment and promotion amongst others. ALSO READ: Agriculture, key to poverty reduction in Nigeria ― Buhari He said: “We are waiting for Thursday, on 31st October 2019. Let them not pay. I do not know the policy they want to implement. Don’t pay, we also have our policy of no pay, no work. That is why the mobilisation of our members is ongoing. You know ASUU does not just wake up and commence an action.” BREAKING: Mobolaji Johnson, Lagos first governor, dies at 83 Gunmen kidnap Appeal court judge in Benin, kill police… Twitter bans political adverts worldwide Supreme Court verdict: Tinubu asks Atiku to join APC in… He, however, ruled out legal option in the pursuit of justice, saying the “government does not honour agreement.” Esumen added: “These peculiarities are with the university system as it is in all over the world. So, why must Nigeria things be different? “Look at the information that even government is merely awarding contracts to private firm that is handling the so-called IPPIS and that is why they are desperate to catch as many clients as possible. “With the bureaucracy in the civil service, the university system does not need such a bureaucratic process because the university system is organised to be flexible and pragmatic. “By that, there could be movement of staff. You may be an expert in an area and when it comes to the bridge crossroads, you can be asked to go give your expertise in another university, the IPPIS will not take care of you. “Look at our colleagues, staff of the university who are Consultants in the teaching hospitals. Take for instance the University of Benin Teaching Hospital (UBTH), Benin, IPPIS does not accommodate their roles and functions as Consultants as UBTH simply because the platform recognises one person. You can’t pay two the same person twice.” Esumeh who admitted that some members unknowingly filled the form that was sent from that office through deceptive processes, clarified that the federal government cannot go ahead with a partial implementation of the IPPIS due to non-compliance with the directive. “The majority of our members are not on the platform. So the government threat that those who do not enrol on IPPIS is not new to our union. You and I know that the government will come back to us one day. “Vice-Chancellors cannot use this union. This union is an independent union that process issues based on truth and facts.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!