THE US Representative Elijah Cummings, one of the most influential Democrats in Congress and a key figure in the impeachment inquiry against President Donald Trump, died on Thursday at age 68. The cause of death was “complications concerning longstanding health challenges,” his office said in a statement. Cummings had been absent recently from Congress due to health concerns including heart and knee problems. The son of sharecroppers who rose to lead the powerful House Oversight and Reform Committee, Cummings clashed with Trump over multiple probes involving the Republican president, from his personal finances to possible abuses at federal agencies. ALSO READ: Farmers, architects, hairdressers have sex more than people with other jobs, research finds The oversight committee is one of three congressional panels leading impeachment proceedings that were launched on September 24 after Trump asked Ukraine to investigate the 2020 Democratic presidential rival, Joe Biden. Cummings’ replacement as chairman will be decided in the coming days, largely by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. Such replacements are often based on seniority, which would put Representative Carolyn Maloney of New York next in line, but it is not necessarily the deciding factor. The Maryland Democrat, first elected in 1996, served as oversight chairman since January after the Democrats gained control of the House of Representatives in the 2018 elections. Experts, groups want new NDDC board to supervise audit Reps query N127bn power budget allocation Again, fire guts Lagos Water Corporation in Onikan Convicted cyber fraudster not our student ― MAPOLY Before the impeachment probe, Cummings’ committee had been investigating whether Trump used his office to enrich himself, his family or his businesses including Trump hotels. His panel has also been involved in fights with the Trump administration over subpoenas challenged by the president. The African American lawmaker called Trump a racist and sharply criticized his immigration policies. Despite their differences, Trump issued condolences to Cummings family and friends on Thursday. “I got to see first hand the strength, passion, and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. His work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard, if not impossible, to replace!” he said on Twitter. Cummings’ investigations drew Trump’s ire over the summer after his committee issued subpoenas to White House officials, including Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, in a probe of government record-keeping. In July, Trump called Cummings a “brutal bully” who should concentrate on cleaning up his “disgusting, rat and rodent-infested” Baltimore district rather than criticizing the work of US immigration officers on the Mexican border. REUTERS SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....