The Minister of Women Affairs, Pauline Tallen, has urged government at all levels to include women in the development process of the country, saying the next level of the ruling All Progressives Congress(APC) can only be achieved if more women are appointed into government positions. Tallen, who stated this in Akure, Ondo state capital, on Wednesday during a courtesy call to the Ondo state governor, Mr. Rotimi Akeredolu’s office ahead of the 19th  National Council of Women Affairs and Social Development, said the country would be doing a lot of disservice to itself by relegating women to the background in its political and socio-economic development programme. Tallen noted that the successful implementation of the three-point agenda of the Federal Government depended on the appointment of more women into government positions. She disclosed the meeting was held to discuss matters that affect women, children, the elderly and as it affects the country at large, saying solution would be proffered to issues affecting women and the role of women in government. ALSO READ: Supreme Court verdict, a welcome development ― Lanre Razak BREAKING: Mobolaji Johnson, Lagos first governor, dies at 83 Gunmen kidnap Appeal court judge in Benin, kill police… Twitter bans political adverts worldwide Supreme Court verdict: Tinubu asks Atiku to join APC in… She advocated for more women participation in politics while she called on governments at all levels to involve more women in their cabinet. In his remarks, Akeredolu who was represented by his Deputy, Hon Agboola Ajayi, said the state government was offering its maximum support to advocate for the well being of women in the society Akeredolu assured the delegation of the state government’s maximum support to foster gender equality and protection of the girl child. He disclosed that the present administration in the state was doing many things to ensure the fright of children and the physically challenged people were not abused. The National Council of Women Affairs and Social Development holds a yearly conference in the country. This year’s event has as its theme “Gender Equality and Social Inclusion: A Panacea for Peace Security and Sustainable Development in Nigeria”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!