The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Wednesday cautioned the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the cabal in the Buhari Presidency against plots to push a third term agenda for President Muhammadu Buhari. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan, the party described such as a dangerous underhand politics capable of derailing the nation’s democracy and destabilising the nation. The party berated the statements by the Presidency and the APC as an unhealthy plot to introduce a repugnant issue into the official discourse in a bid to give it life and achieve its fruition in the political arena. It lamented that it was preposterous for the Presidency cabal and the APC to think that “Nigerians cannot see through their shenanigan to import and elevate what they labelled as rumour and internet-based gossip, into official national discourse”. According to the statement, “Our party notes that Nigerians will not be surprised when, after the statements by the Presidency and APC, new groups surface to orchestrate more forceful agitations in the public space for the alteration of the 1999 Constitution to achieve an ignoble aim. Zulum approves N26m for Borno students in Saudi Land border will remain closed ― Ali tells NASS Don, others bag awards at MGS 40th anniversary Minimum wage: We can’t guarantee industrial peace… ALSO READ: APC supporters jubilate as Tribunal upholds Governor Ganduje’s victory The PDP, however, cautions the Presidency and the APC to note that Nigerians are already aware of individuals and political interests in the Presidency cabal in addition to known APC agents who are behind the street demonstrations for the third term for President Buhari “The party invites Nigerians to note how, having been busted, the presidency cabal and the APC are now groping for ways to cover their trails by making frivolous allegations which directly point back to them” The party, therefore, urged President Muhammadu Buhari to personally speak out and immediately call his supporters to order as Nigerians would never allow anybody, no matter how highly placed, to alter any part of the nation’s constitution to serve a selfish interest. The Party insisted that this has become imperative in view of the series of constitutional violations and provocative undermining of the laws by the APC and power mongers in the  Buhari Presidency How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.