THE General Overseer of The Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has called on the pioneer students of Dominion University, Ibadan, to be diligent and seek God’s wisdom as they begin their academic journey. Adeboye, made the call during the inauguration service which was held on the school premises located on the Lagos-Ibadan expressway, Ibadan, on Tuesday. He urged the students to make diligence their watchword while calling on them to seek God’s face for wisdom. “A university is a citadel of knowledge and not necessarily a citadel of wisdom. Because in a typical university, you have a lot of educated fools. Knowledge is essential and that is why you are here. Be diligent, do not be lazy as God does not reward a lazy man and above all, always look up to God for wisdom.” Quality education sacrosanct in Lagos schools ― Sanwo- Olu Fee increase in UNIMAID may boost insurgency ― Sen Kyari Veteran broadcaster tasks theatre arts students on use of… 56 to bag First Class at Bowen 14th convocation ALSO READ: CUPP, APP sue FG, Buhari, others over VAT increment Pastor Adeboye, used the occasion to pray for the Chancellor of the university, who is also the Presiding Bishop of Victory International Church worldwide, Bishop Taiwo Adelakun and his wife, Pastor Dolapo Adelakun, principal officers of the school, pioneer students and other servants of God in attendance. While speaking on the occasion, Bishop Taiwo Adelakun, described the contribution of Pastor Adeboye as immense saying: “Pastor Adeboye has been a source of encouragement since the beginning of this project to what we have been able to achieve so far. “Whenever I am expressing fear on how the project will take shape and I go to him, the way he will even talk to me will speedily calm the tension in me. I am happy he was able to make it here today to celebrate this feat with us.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!