RENOWNED preacher and the Northern States council missioner of the Ansar-Ud-Deen Society of Nigeria (ADS), Sheikh Muyhideen Bello, has called on governors of states in the South West to do more in the areas of roads and education in order to consolidate the legacy of the sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo. The cleric made the call in Akungba, Akoko South West Local Government Area of Ondo State, in a lecture on the need to spend public funds on uplifting the people rather than mismanaging or converting them to personal use. Bello deplored the condition of roads in many parts of Yorubaland, saying this might prevent the development of the economy and aid criminality. He encouraged the Akungba Akoko Muslim community to build a befitting mosque for Allah as the reward for such a venture was incalculable. Order Naira Marley to remove red bag from dock, EFCC asks court Jaiz assists 94 with N4m in Kogi El-Rufai, Hamzat, Lagos Imam, others for ZSF’s zakat… MMPN, IHR, MMWG, MAIHAJ hail NAHCON Be committed to your duties, cleric charges civil servants The chairman of the Akungba branch of the ADS, Alhaji Mohamed Usman, stated that since the establishment of the Adekunle Ajasin University in Akungba-Akoko, the status of the town had been raised, hence the need for the building of a big mosque with modern facilities. Another Muslim leader in Akungba-Akoko, Chief Seriki Awesu, commended the turnout of Muslims and non-Muslims at the event. He gave the assurance that all funds generated for the mosque project would be judiciously spent. The National Organising Secretary of the ADS, Alhaji Ibrahim Kilani, described Akungba as one of the branches of the organisation that were blessed with intellectuals as Chief Imams. He urged members to increase their assistance for the ADS’s Summit University located in Offa, kwara State. The event was attended by the Alale of Akungba, Oba Sunday Ajimo; the Olisupare of Supare, Oba Gazali Adejoro; Alhaji Abudulahi Omoloja, vice president ADS, representative of Chief kunle Abudul and many others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!