The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu has emphasised the need for robust synergy amongst critical stakeholders in the justice system to ensure quick dispensation of criminal justice in the country. Adamu spoke on Monday in Lokoja during a training on “Administration of Criminal Justice Act, ACJA, (2015) and Human Rights”, organised for officials of the Nigerian Correctional Service, Nigerian Police Force and the judiciary in Kogi state, with funding supports by the Swiss Government and United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC). The IGP who was represented by the commissioner of police in Kogi, Hakeem Busari, said the introduction of ACJA has made Nigeria have unified law applicable in all federal courts with respect to offences contained in Federal legislations. He said ACJA has brought revolution in the criminal justice arena as it has the capacity to respond quickly to needs of society, check the rising waves of crimes and speedily bring criminals to justice while at the same time protecting victims of crime. Earlier, consultant in charge of the training, Uche Oweto from Uchefem Consults, said the training was meant to increase cross-sectoral coordination, competencies and capacities of the major criminal justice actors to effect “serious and durable changes” in the sector for the overall benefit of the Nigerian Correctional Service and the justice system. ALSO READ: Afghan jailed 26 years in prison for stabbing two persons Afghan jailed 26 years in prison for stabbing two persons Processed food, herbal medicine killing Nigerians ― NAFDAC… Edo Govt plans total rebuild of Benin-Auchi Highway Ex-council boss urges Lagosians to be patient with Sanwo-Olu He said the training will also inculcate the use of alternative imprisonment by magistrates in criminal justice administration as a means of reducing prison congestion and pretrial detention and the treatment of vulnerable persons including children. Uche said the training would also help in ensuring police observance of human rights standards during interrogation, detention and trial as well as highlights major innovations in criminal justice administration in Nigeria. He commended the Swiss Government for its partnership and funding supports through its embassy in Nigeria as well as UNODC for its financial contributions, saying they have helped in improving the administration of criminal justice in the country. Chief Judge of Kogi State, Justice Nasiru Ajanah who lauded the training, said it will provide a platform for participants to share ideas and concepts on how to improve the administration of criminal justice system in the state. Controller, Nigerian Correctional Service in Kogi state, Ohakosim Malachy who represented the Controller General of the service on the occasion said, joint training for all justice sector actors was necessary and apt to create the much-desired synergy for the proper functioning of the criminal justice system in Nigeria. He said the Nigerian Correctional Service remained a key member of the sector and the only institution responsible for the custody of all persons convicted and awaiting trial in Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!