Magma Oil Exploration and Production, Nasarawa State, has indicated its interest to invest in the state for the social well being of the people. Chairman of the company, Alhaji Awwal Garba AD, revealed this to journalists on Tuesday at the Government House, Lafia. The chairman, who was represented by Abba Imam, added that they were at the Government House to present their portfolios to the governor. He explained that the conglomerate is interested in investing in Nasarawa State across different sectors namely, agriculture, real estate, electricity, water supply, among others. “Our Chairman, Garba AD brought us to speak directly with the governor and to present to him our portfolios. ” The governor is someone whose virtue is to always encourage investment. He is someone who carries the investment culture in him,” Imam stated. Nigeria stock market indices slump further by 0.45% FG begins sale of 2, 3 year savings bonds at 11.244%, 12.… Border closure: Nigerians groan as prices of staple food… Farmers laud new beans variety’s performance ALSO READ:  Nigeria custom seize N276 million worth of contraband goods in 8 months According to him, their conglomerate decided to come to the state because they felt the governor will be happy with everyone that is investing in Nasarawa State. Chairman of the conglomerate, Alhaji Awwal Garba AD, is a Nigerian/British trained economist and business economist, majoring in the oil and gas sector globally. He occupies management position in numerous companies, among which are, Magma Exploration and Production Limited, Magma Agro-Allied Limited, Magma Gas and Power Spectrum among others. Recall that recently, the Nasarawa State government signed a tripartite agreement with Azman Farms and Rice Mill Limited and Umasha Community in Toto Local Government Area for the cultivation of 12,000 hectares of land for rice production. Similarly, the government is discussing with the Dangote group, which has indicated interest to cultivate another 50, 000 hectares of land in Doma and Nasarawa local governments also for rice production. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!