The Kaduna state police command has confirmed that gunmen had invaded a secondary school at Kakau Daji village and adopted six students to an unknown destination. Speaking at a press conference in Kaduna on Thursday, the state police image maker, DSP Yakubu Sabo gave the name of the school where the girl was abducted as Engraver college. He disclosed that the gunmen stormed the college in the early hours of Thursday morning and went straight to the girl’s hostel and took them to an unknown destination. He said in addition to the students kidnapped, two teachers were abducted by the hoodlums in the process. But he said a combined team of police mobile force and anti-kidnapping squad of the command has launched a manhunt on the kidnappers with a view to rescuing the victims alive and apprehending the culprits. He also said the Inspector General of Police’s Intelligence Respond Team had been contacted for technical assistance. Worker’s salary increase: Buhari is ready for honest,… zero tolerance on maternal mortality has paid off ― Aisha… Gov Bello provides free stationeries for Kogi pupils,… NILDS, stakeholders applaud FG’s direct payment of… This was just as Sabo advised the proprietors of the private schools across the state to beef up security in their premises so as not to expose their students to any form of attack. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/police-arraign-man-for-allegedly-stealing-employers-motorcycle/ The police chief said:”The Command received an information through DPO Toll Gate, in the early hours of today 03/10/2019 at about 0310hrs that, some armed men gained entry into the Engravers College, a Boarding secondary school in a remote area near Kakau Daji village in Chikun LGA and took away two staff of the college and six (6) female students to unknown destination. “On receipt of that information, the Command immediately mobilized combined teams of Anti-kidnapping, SARS, and conventional police to the area for possible rescue of the victims and arresting the perpetrators of the unfortunate incident. IGP’s Intelligent Respond team (IRT) has been contacted for technical support. “The Command, therefore, is using this opportunity to reiterate its call on all the private school proprietors within the State to liaise with their nearest Police formation and promptly report incidents or suspicious persons around schools to forestall future occurrence of ugly incidents.” He said the State Commissioner of Police, Ali Aji Janga, gave his assurance that the command was doing it could to secure the release of all the victims unhurt. “He( Commissioner of Police) equally called on the good people of the State not to relent in giving the Police prompt and useful information at all times,” he added. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.