The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Prince Uche Secondus on Friday commiserated with the victims of the recent fire outbreak that gutted a section of the popular Ochanja market in Onitsha, Anambra state. Prince Secondus said that the fire incident that led to the loss of lives and lots of property was very unfortunate. The PDP boss said in a statement signed by his spokesperson Ike Abonyi that “his heart and that of other well-meaning Nigerians are with the traders and the families of those who lost their beloved ones and properties in the inferno.” Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole ALSO READ: FG condoles with Onitsha fire victims, assures supports Secondus charged all relevant authorities within and outside the state to ensure that the cause of the fire was ascertained with a view to averting any future occurrence. He said that the nation’s fire service and other relevant security and emergency agencies needed to review their techniques and strategies so as to proactively prevent wastages and needless loss of innocent lives from such disasters. Prince Secondus also charged federal and Anambra state governments as well as organizations to take quick stems to assist the victims by sending relieve materials inform of compensations and soft loans to cushion the effect of destruction on the traders. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....