Chief Austin Chikezie, the Chairman, Delta House of Assembly Committee on Agriculture, has lauded the Federal Government for the closure of the border against rice importation. The lawmaker gave this commendation in an interview with newsmen on Tuesday in Asaba. He said that rice farmers in the country and indeed in Delta, now have a reason to smile, as they record good returns from their business. Chikezie, a former Commissioner for Agriculture and Natural Resources, said that the state government had a well mapped out policy and programme for agriculture, which had empowered many youths and women. ALSO READ: Niger Delta remains hotbed for global maritime insecurity ― SOAN Anambra South: Uba’s dynasty shattered, says Amachree,… Gov Bello in Kabba, assures Kogites of more development… Arik airline capable of national carrier status ― AMCON MD 2023: I’m vindicated on South-West Presidency, says… He said that priorities were given to rice production, cassava, oil palm, poultry, piggery, goat rearing among others. The lawmaker called for the ban on importation of other items being produced locally to encourage farmers in the area to develop, create jobs and make profits from farming. According to Chikezie, the closure of the border on the importation of rice is a welcome development and there will be more gains if other items that are produced locally receive the same attention. “The closure of the border is a blessing to our rice farmers and as long as we can produce these items, I support the Federal Government, there is no need importing them’’. He said that farmers in Delta would benefit from the government policies on agriculture because the state government had developed a plan to make the sector attractive to young people. “There are many plans by the state government to make agriculture very attractive to youths in such a way that the value chain development will further commercialise agriculture,’’ he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!