The Nigerian Association of Small Scale Industrialists(NASSI) is collaborating with panorama Engineering Ltd of  Nasarawa State, to train 100 youth on solar power facilities and installation. Mr Samuel Akpa, the state Chairman of NASSI, disclosed this in an interview with pressmen on Saturday in Lafia. According to him, the training of about 100 persons in the Western Senatorial district of the state, is part of empowerment programmes of the NASSI to complement government efforts in the state. Mr Akpa said that the training became necessary because of the energy challenges facing Nigerians. “Hence the need for alternative energy (Solar) in order to enable small scale business to grow in the state,” he said. Akpa added that the training which was expected to commence on October 14 to October 18, would enable the beneficiaries the necessary skills to design and install solar power thereby empowering them to be financially independent. BREAKING: Aisha Buhari departs UK for Nigeria Foundation honours Justice Esho, Late Bola Ige, others Lagos to launch endowment fund to defray cost of pediatric… Kogi guber: I didn’t endorse Yahaya Bello’s re-Election bid… ALSO READ:  UPDATE: Petrol on sale at Futga Filling Station in Delta not adulterated ― DPR “As part of the association’s empowerment programme, we have concluded arrangement to train 100 people on Solar power installation in October in the Western Senatorial District. “We have done this training in the Southern Senatorial district in the month of July. “We are creating awareness as well as mobilising people from all the local governments and council development areas of the Western Senatorial Zone to avail themselves of this opportunity to be part of the training,” he said. Akpa, however, noted with regret that NASSI which was established to complement government at all levels in industrialisation efforts was facing some financial challenges thereby slowing down its activities. Akpa, while commending government’s efforts in supporting the association over time, however, appealed for more support and partnership to enable it to expand its scope of activities and cater for the welfare of the members. “We are passionate and committed inline with the vision that births this association to complement government’s effort but we are constraint financially, we are seeking Government support, more also to consider us in its programmes,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!