The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), on Monday, said that the violent attack by members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on its embattled National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, has further confirmed that the dysfunctional APC has finally disintegrated. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, the party pointed out that the fact that APC members openly took up arms against its leadership was a huge demonstration of their eternal rejection of the APC and the Buhari Presidency, particularly for the ruins they have caused our nation. According to the statement, “for APC members to publicly call their National Chairman a “thief,” as reported in the open media, amply captures the mood of the majority of Nigerians, including APC members, that the APC and its government are havens for thieves, criminal gangs and corrupt persons. “The indisputable fact among Nigerians is that the APC has become torn apart within its core. The manifest greed and ravenousness of its leaders, particularly, in the Presidential Villa, in addition to endless infighting over positions and looted resources has further exposed the party as a soulless mob. “The APC has never been a genuine platform for governance. It has neither the predisposition nor the design for operable people-oriented policy and programmes. If anything, it has remained a special purpose vehicle, for power-grabbing, hijacked by an oppressive and exploitative cabal, who has no iota of interest in the welfare of Nigerians. Why I recorded, leaked Aisha Buhari’s video — Fatima,… Low budget hindering growth of Nigerian movies production —… We will partner with NAFDAC to rid Oyo of illicit drugs ―… November election is about Ijaw nation ― Dickson ALSO READ:  Minimum Wage: FG moves to avert strike, may up offer to workers by 5% “Indeed, the propensity of APC leaders at looting our common patrimony as well as the total neglect of the living conditions of the masses, whose mandate they had stolen, has become a huge source of anger and resentment in the hearts of Nigerians. “Nigerians expect Oshiomhole to respond to the demands of his party members, who are chasing him around like a common tout and for which he was reported to have hidden in a hotel in Benin City. “Is it not absurd for a National Chairman of a political party that claims to have won an election just a few months back to require the services of a truckload of policemen and personal thugs to escape from Benin to Abuja? “The Edo incident reminds of how the APC National Chairman also allegedly fled the nation at the heat of his reported interrogation by the Department of State Services (DSS) in 2018 over alleged corruption charges.” The party, however, encouraged Nigerians not to despair, saying that “there is always an end to any platform that does not have the care of the people as its primary goal in governance” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!