CHIEF Sola Ebiseni, one of the governorship aspirants for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) ticket for the 2020 election in Ondo State, is a lawyer, three-time commissioner and 2014 National Conference delegate. In this interview, he speaks with HAKEEM GBADAMOSI on the issue of zoning, his chances and that of his party in the election.  The 2020 governorship race is gathering momentum in Ondo State. What is the prospect of your party, the PDP, in the election? The party is most prepared to reclaim the state. The results of the last elections are pointer to the fact that the PDP is still the preferred party in the state. History seems to be repeating itself. The factors that made the PDP lose the state to the APC now stare the APC in the face. We lost the state in the first place because we took the people for granted. The political structure of our is so balanced, interdependent that the trend is readily determinable at any given time. We won the presidential election with the widest margin comparatively in the South-West. We got two of the three Senate seats and three of the nine federal constituencies. The APC had four, while the African Democratic Congress (ADC) and the Social Democratic Party (SDP) won one each.  Is this sufficient for your party’s confidence? It follows a pattern and bespeaks our political culture here. For instance, if you look closely, those who won on the ticket of the APC did so mostly on their own and not on the strength of the party. I was the Chief Collation Agent and Returning Officer of the PDP in the elections. The figures showed that even in Owo/Ose federal constituency, the home base of the incumbent governor, the APC lost Ose and won narrowly in Owo and with unmitigated violence. The  Odigbo/Ileoluji/Oke-Igbo federal constituency was credited to the APC with only a margin of 167 votes after much  violence-induced manipulations which took place even up to the collation centre.  Talking about former Governor Mimiko, you resigned from his government. What’s your relationship with him now? Well, I resigned when I had made known my intention to run for governorship, even well ahead of the time stipulated by law, because it is the most decent and civilised thing to do. As a democrat, when it may be construed that you may be using your public platform, either in government or as an officer of the party, for undue advantage in your personal political aspirations, you should resign especially because you can’t decently want to be seen as a referee in a game in which you are a player. As for relationship, the former governor remains my boss and our relationship is very warm. In my political career so far, I served longest under his administration through which I earned most of the positions I just enumerated and more.  Some people have been clamouring for shift of power to the southern part of the state, where you come from. Do you see this as healthy for the politics of the state? With respect, I don’t know what you meant by clamouring or power shift. The South is not deficient in any manner to warrant any agitation. Like I told you, the state is so structured that we are interdependent. No zone or group is powerful enough to lord itself over others so I don’t see the need for any frenzied agitation for power.  Specifically, do you support that the governorship should be zoned to the South? We are still saying the same thing. The South does not need to specially request for zoning like a weaping region and heat the polity unnecessarily. Like I just read of Edo State, no party ever has the courage to officially zone any position. Zoning is in the heart of the electorate which unmistakably rewards or punish political parties accordingly. It has nothing to do with whether I support it or not because I have seen it happen. I first nursed gubernatorial ambition in 2006, the party, DPA, said I couldn’t succeed Governor Agagu who was from the South like me and made me running mate to Architect Agbesua from Akure in the Central where the people felt should then produce the governor. Eventually the view of the people prevailed and Dr. Mimiko from Ondo also in the Central won even with a toddler Labour Party then. In 2016, our party, PDP took its decision and notwithstanding our incumbency, an unknown new contraption called APC, but which acted in tandem with the people had its way. In democracy, the people can do no wrong.  Oyo APC berates Makinde, Speaker over controversial N7.6b… Issues behind resignation by chair, others in Osun SDP Budget of sustaining growth and job creation Lalong swears in four Management Committee Chairmen But how sincere are politicians about zoning. I didn’t mention politician, I said the people. Of course, politicians will say what will give them an edge. The fact that zoning sentiments may favour you does not relieve you from satisfying the electorate about your credentials. I have twice presented myself for the governorship of the state. I know the state, her people, history, culture and geography. I seek to serve the people. I am not a reluctant candidate.  How will you assess the present All Progressives Congress (APC) administration in the state? Again, I return to the people who are the best assessors. The assessment report handed to the APC in this state in the last elections, showed the party’s bad performance and it is not improving. We have been permanently relegated to the junior status in the Federal cabinet. Our position as the Managing director of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) has been illegally given to another state. The government appears helpless and clueless about insecurity in our state, particularly the wanton killing of the daughter of the leader of the Yoruba, Pa Reuben Fasoranti.  Talking about insecurity, what’s your solution to the problem? The essence of the nation state and its social contract with its people is security of lives and property. There may not be an exhaustive suggestion to the issue, but there seems to be now a national consensus that we cannot claim to be a federation and adopt a unitary security structure. There’s no super cop without intelligence or requisite knowledge of the people and territory. This is the sense in the call by well-meaning Nigerians across ethnic and political divides for state police. The need is further buttressed by the fact that even the Nigerian armed forces are helpless without the civilian Joint Task Force (JTF) of Kanuri boys and local hunters in the war against Boko Haram.  As a lawyer, you would agree that your party wasn’t able to prove such allegations at the election tribunals. That’s a completely different terrain which, as a lawyer, like you said, I am not prepared to venture into here but suffice it to say that the legal technicalities and burdens on the way of a claimant are such that electoral cheats would often have their ways. For instance, but for the respite at the Court of Appeal, did you not hear that the tribunal in Ondo State declared a Nigerian citizen by birth, ineligible to contest an election simply because he was said to have acquired the citizenship of another country? The point is that it is better to sanitise the electoral system than seek to take such political issues to the courts. It is not their turf.  The chairman of your party in the state recently announced that about 17 aspirants have shown interest in the ticket of the PDP. Will this not cause another crisis in the party, considering the peace in the party now? The large number of aspirants is in tandem with the state’s emerging political culture. The APC had more than that number the last time, with about eight from Owo Local Government Area alone which produced the candidate that eventually became governor. As rightly observed by you, the party is peaceful and cohesive notwithstanding that we just had major elections. The secret, in my view, is that the state executive was open and largely fair to all aspirants. For instance, I sought but lost the senatorial ticket not because I observed any hanky-panky or favour from the but mainly on the ground that the leaders said the zoning arrangement did not favour my local government Area. After the primary, I still accepted to be the chief servant of the party when I was appointed the chief collation agent and supervisor of all our agents across the state who performed wonderfully and selflessly sleeping at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and the Independent National Electoral Commission of Nigeria (INEC) offices across the state, keeping vigil on the electoral materials. The state deputy chairman lost in the same primary conducted by his own EXCO. Tokunbo Modupe, one of the closest friends of the state chairman, lost the northern senatorial ticket and yet joined other leaders to deliver Ose Local Government Area, the backyard of the governor, to the PDP. I can go on and on. Experience has shown that success by a political party in an election is directly proportional to the justice of its internal democracy.  You’re one of the aspirants for the ticket of the party, what do you think gives you an edge over other contenders for the ticket. It will be quite immodest of me to embark on self-assessment in comparison with my other colleagues. My credentials are in the public domain in the state, having been involved in its politics for about three decades. As a young man, just three years after my youth service, I was elected in 1990 as the chairman of the old Ilaje/Ese Odo Local Government Area comprising the Ilaje and Ijaw with different languages and cultures and my tenure is still the parametre of assessment of performance in the areas which have now been split into two local government areas. I have served the state in several other capacities which include the chairman of the State Law Commission which successfully reviewed and updated obsolete laws some of which were inherited from the Western Region. I have served three times as state commissioner. I have served both as leader and member of the Ondo State delegations to several national and international conferences, particularly on the development of vast mineral resources in the state and on resolution of our interstate boundary disputes. I was also a delegate of the South-West at the 2014 National Conference. I have twice presented myself for the governorship of the state. I know the state, her people, history, culture and geography. In all my years of service, I have never been found wanting.  What will you say are your achievements in those positions? Well, as chairman of a local government, I was directly in charge and could say that our achievements are in the areas of infrastructural development in education, health, water transportation, galvanised youths in politics and successfully campaigned for the recognition of our State as oil producing. In other positions, I was part of the success stories of the Adefarati and Mimiko administrations whose achievements are indelible and too numerous to articulate here.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!