Following the flood which ravaged the coastal communities in Ondo state, the state government has inaugurated a 12 man committee to evolve a strategy to control flooding in the two local government of the coastal area of the state. This was contained in a statement issued and signed by the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor (Media and Publicity), Mr Ojo Oyewamide, he said the steps became necessary to proffer solution to the flooding challenges confronting the people of the region. The two committees which are put in place by the state government, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, are to work hand in hand and tour the two affected local government areas and assess the extent of damage wrecked by the flood. Oyewamide said in the statement that: “as a result of the flash floods that have adversely affected most communities, especially in the riverine areas of the state, Governor Oluwarotimi Odunayo Akeredolu has constituted two ad-hoc teams to carry out an assessment tour of communities so affected by this unforeseen natural disaster. ALSO READ: Activist calls for investigation of vandalised NIPP project in Kogi Activist calls for investigation of vandalised NIPP project… APC taunts PDP, others Political thugs attack Oshiomhole in Benin Fatima College ’99 set renovates alma mater, lauds others to… “Among others, the teams are to ascertain the impact of the floods; the number of communities affected; public property affected; the extent of damage to communities and suggest measures that could assist the state in her pursuit for succour from the Federal Government through the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA). “According to the Governor, the two teams must commence work immediately and report back not later than Tuesday, October 15, 2019”. The governor, however, expressed his deep concern over this national phenomenon “even as he shares in the pains of all such affected communities.” Members of the committee included; the Special Adviser on Niger Delta, Hon Oyebo Aladetan, as the team leader, the Chairman OSOPADEC, Hon Gbenga Edema, Hon. Lucky Ayedatiwa,  Otito Atikase, Chairman Ilaje local.government, Hon. Olumide Ikuepenikan, Commissioner, OSOPADEC and Hon Felix Rawa SSA Riverine and Community Relations. Other members of the committee for Ese Odo local government area include;  Chief Olugbenga Ale, Chief of Staff to the governor as the team leader. Others include Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Donald Ojogo, Special Adviser Health, Dr Jibayo Adeyeye. Four Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Environment, Hon. Omolewa Shadrack Ojo, Chairman Ese-Odo local government, Hon. Kele Bolodeoku, SSA Community Mobilisation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!