Rights Monitoring Group and Centre for Convention on Democratic Integrity (RMG/CCDI), a non-governmental organisation, has admonished the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, to stop interfering in the political process in Edo State. The president of the group, Mr Olufemi Aduwo, gave the admonition in a statement made available to Nigerian Tribune on Sunday, urging the APC national chairman to allow his successor, Governor Godwin Obaseki, to concentrate and deliver on his promises to the people of the state. Aduwo, the permanent representative of CCDI to the United Nations who is presently attending the ongoing World Bank/IMF Boards of Governors Meetings in Washington DC, United States of America (USA), described the faceoff between Oshiomhole and Obaseki as unnecessary interference by the former. ALSO READ: Edo NAFEST: We are expecting over 500,000 visitors, tourists ― Runsewe Abducted assistant commissioner of police rescued, two… BREAKING: Kogi Chief Judge swears in Onoja as Kogi deputy… Help fix Ijegun road Creating colours  in chaos He called on President Muhammadu Buhari to wade into the feud between the two APC chieftains, adding: “We urged Mr President not to stand aloof and watch the personal interest of few greeds and self-centred party chieftains hampered the laudable achievements the governor has made. “Oshiomhole should have been sacked for the humiliation and disgrace he brought to the party in Zamfara State in the last general election. I was perturbed when an investor at the ongoing IMF session asked me about the undemocratic leadership style of the APC national chairman. Such a question speaks volume,” he said. In another development, Aduwo has urged the state government to look beyond loans and grants from World Bank and apply for funding opportunities available from donors and development partners for in order to achieve SDGs programmes. He noted that a former governor of Anambra State, Dr Peter Obi, recorded some unprecedented achievements on MDGs through donations and assistance from donors agencies and international non-governmental organisations. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!