WORLD leading phosphate-based fertiliser company, OCP Group has just joined the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), an international organisation of over 200 forward-thinking companies engaged for sustainable development. According to a statement which emanated from the company’s headquarters in Casablanca, Morocco, a copy of which was made available to the Nigerian Tribune on Wednesday, connecting with WBCSD’s network will enable OCP Group to continue to enhance and implement its sustainability ambitions in collaboration with like-mind partners, sharing the same goals and values. OCP Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mostafa Terrab, said: “We are delighted to join WBCSD and the other member companies who are part of this vital commitment to accelerate the transition to a sustainable world. “Our sustainable development vision is deeply rooted in our DNA, as we serve as stewards of the world’s largest reserves of phosphate, a vital plant nutrient which is critical to the mission of feeding a growing global population in a sustainable fashion.” WBCSD President and CEO Peter Bakker, while reacting to the latest development, said: “WBCSD is pleased to welcome OCP as our newest member. Ensuring 10 billion people can live well and within the boundaries of the planet by 2050 is central to our vision of a sustainable world. This makes OCP a very valuable addition to our membership and many of our projects, especially as we forge ahead with the transformation of our global food system.” Buhari, Putin to strengthen Nigeria-Russia relations Nigeria ranks highest among countries with burden of sickle… UPDATE: FEC okays April 18 as take-off date for new minimum… FEC approves name change for Ministry of Communications As a world leader in the phosphate and related products industry, OCP Group is implementing a strategy that strengthens its status as one of the most sustainable fertiliser producers in the world, and thus meets the goals of sustainable development (SDGs) set by the UN. OCP has set itself ambitious goals by launching the “Circular Economy” programme within its “Sustainability Platform” with an approach aiming to create a green dynamic, as well as to foster symbiosis with the industrial ecosystem and communities. ALSO READ: Buhari approves appointment of Musa Nuhu as NCAA DG This new approach, which consists of moving from a linear pattern of resource consumption to a circular approach, is concretised through four axes: the preservation of resources, sustainable production, the rationalisation of consumption and the valorisation of waste in resources. The “Circular Economy” programme contributes to better value creation for the Group’s customers and partners, it also benefits its employees and the people living on its sites. Several objectives are targeted: zero conventional water consumption, 100 per cent clean energy, mine reclamation with structuring agricultural projects for communities, control of emissions and effluent management, maximisation of low-grade phosphate recovery, implementation intelligent farming, etc. WBCSD’s mission is to accelerate the transition to a sustainable world by making more sustainable businesses work together for more impactful action. It argues that collaboration between private businesses is the only way to achieve the impact and scale necessary to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. In this sense, the WBCSD promote business solutions development and best practices sharing between its members. WBCSD participates also in policy-development to create the right framework for business to make an effective contribution to sustainable development. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!