Leader of Pan- Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), Chief Edwin Kiagbodo Clark, has lost his younger brother, Major General Henry Udumebraye Clark (rtd), who died suddenly at his residence in Warri on 15th October 2019. He was aged 71 and died two days short of his birthday. The sad news of the death of the military general was announced by the elder statesman, Chief Clark, on behalf of the patriarch of the family of Chief Clark Fuludu Bekederemo (JP) of Kiagbodo Town in Burutu Local Government Area of Delta State. Clark, in a signed statement made available to the Nigerian Tribune, noted with deep sorrow the passing of his brother, while expressing gratitude to God for a life well spent, describing the deceased, who was married and left behind children and grandchildren as one with a distinguished military career in the Nigerian army. ALSO READ: Be innovative, Omoleye charges youths IPPIS: ASUU, Accountant-General trade blame over October 31… Senate kicks against allocation of N600 million to… 2020 budget: Senators, reps commend Registrar as JAMB remits… Assault: He must sleep in cell before accepting his apology… According to the statement, Major General Clark had a distinguished military career in the Nigerian Army and received several honours and awards, including the Forces Service Staff (FSS), Meritorious Service Star (MSS), Distinguished Service Star (DSS), Member of Federal Republic (MFR). He was a graduate of several universities, including the Nigerian Defence Academy, University of Kansas, USA, where he was awarded Bachelor of Arts (BA) Political Science, and also the University of Oklahoma, where he obtained Master of Public Administration in 1984. He was at Ahmadu Bello University, Nigeria, where he obtained Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D), in Public Administration, in 2000, among others. He held a variety of command, staff and instructorship appointments in the Nigerian Army and Nigerian Armed Forces establishments, including academic registrar Nigerian Defence Academy, Director of Operations Defence Headquarters where he supervised the operations in ECOMOG, UNAMSIL, BAKASSI, Multi-National Joint Task Force (MNJTF) and was Military Secretary, Army. His last appointment was Commandant (Head) Infantry Corps Centre and School, Jaji. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!