Senate President, Ahmed Lawan has asked Nigerians not to despair in the face of numerous challenges confronting the nation, saying the country has the wherewithal to surmount the problems. Lawan said this on Tuesday while speaking with State House correspondents shortly after the ceremonial guard of honours to commemorate Nigeria’s 59th independence held at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. He noted that for Nigeria to remain united as a country for 59 years with all the challenges was an indication that the nation has a destination in greatness. Lawan noted some countries were not as fortunate as Nigeria, as they have gone through worse challenges that ended up disintegrating them. He acknowledged that many problems bedevilled the Nigerian state, but that it required the collective resolve of both the leaders and followers to address them. He reiterated the resolve of the 9th National Assembly to support the efforts at improving government policies, so as to enable the citizens to reap the gains of democracy. His words: “Nigeria at 59 has achieved a lot, but we also have some challenges. This is the way nations evolve normally. While we have achieved so much, we have some challenges which we can surmount. ALSO READ:  Wamakko calls for support with Buhari in moving to next level #NigeriaAt59: Nigerians must be optimistic for greater… Wamakko calls for support with Buhari in moving to next… #NigeriaAt59: Amnesty Nigeria makes eight-point call on FG NigeriaAt59: Focus more on security, mass unemployment,… “What is required of us is determination of the leadership and the followership in this country. Nigerians are very determined and loyal people. Therefore, these challenges should catapult us into our nation’s development. “We should never despair. We have the wherewithal to resolve our issues. I also believe that the nation at 59 has come a long way in terms of the unity we have been able to achieve. “Some countries have gone through more serious challenges that disunited them, but Nigeria has remained a country that sometimes people may feel bad about certain things, but everybody believes that Nigeria should remain a united and one country. That is what it should be, but for us to enjoy our country, we have to take our country to the next level. “Therefore the NASS particularly where we are is prepared to ensure that we come and give very good legislations that will ensure that the economy is better; that the security of the country improves; that at the end of the day we should be able to achieve those laudable objectives and goals of our founding fathers and present leadership of the country”. Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila said Nigeria’s 59th independence was worth celebrating. While acknowledging that the country was not at its desired destination, he told State House Correspondents that if younger countries mark their anniversary, there was every reason for Nigerians to celebrate. “Every year of existence is worth celebrating. Nigeria is 59 years today; other countries, not as old as 59, they celebrate. Other countries are 200 years and they are celebrating. “Every year is worth celebrating and we have come a long way. It is not Uhuru yet; we are not there yet, but it is a slow and steady progress. We will get there,” he stated. Asked what should be the expectation of Nigerians as we move towards 60 years and he had this to say, “60 years itself is a landmark and I believe our achievements at that time will be landmark too. We have another year to go. Budget is being presented very soon. What happens between now and sixty, and I believe a lot will happen, will determine the level of celebration. But as I said, don’t forget, every year is worth celebrating in one’s life”. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.