Dubai police has partnered with the group behind the innovative Floating Seahorse Villa, Kleindienst, to reveal the world’s first floating Smart Police Station. Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior, Lt-General Sheikh Saif bin Zayed Al Nahyan, inaugurated the world’s first floating Smart Police Station during GITEX 2019 Technology Week at the Dubai World Trade Centre recently. The floating seahorse Smart Police Station (SPS), which will be located at Kleindienst Group’s Heart of Europe project, and is expected to open in Q1 2020, will offer unmanned innovative, high performance e-police services to the residents of the development as well as the Dubai community at large. I was sexually harassed twice as a university student ― Fayemi’s wife The partnership also further underscores Dubai’s innovative 360-degree plan to promote happiness, sustainability and public safety by using smart technology as well as educating the community on protecting marine life. Corporate sponsorship: An extra mile for Nigeria cultural… When Akwaaba hosted global market segment in Nigeria Ooni promises Olojo celebration with a difference, unveils… Eko Hotels and Suites debut with Tropical Christmas… Major General Abdullah Khalifa Al Marri, Commander-in-Chief of Dubai Police said “This extraordinary, unique and pioneering project has grabbed the attention of police and security institutions around the world, as they seek to replicate the experience in their countries.” In addition to providing safety and security services, the SPS will also play a crucial role in promoting sustainability and marine life protection in the Heart of Europe development and in the rest of the UAE. A series of visits to the SPS are planned for UAE residents, schools and tourists to see firsthand the positive impact Kleindienst is having on the marine ecosystem. Josef Kleindienst, chairman of Kleindienst Group, said “Our partnership with Dubai Police is built on innovation, engineering ingenuity and imagination. We were the first in the world to develop a luxury floating above and underwater living experience through the Floating Seahorse Villa and I’m pleased our design capabilities have been recognised by Dubai Police with the first floating Smart Police Station. As a developer, we are committed to supporting Dubai’s vision on sustainability, innovation and safety. “The Heart of Europe project is gaining momentum and the SPS is a good example of the infrastructure and amenities which will be made available to the waterfront community. Our vision for protecting underwater life is also being realised through the vital role the station will play in promoting sustainability,” added Kleindienst. The Kleindienst Group was established over 30 years ago in Austria and Hungary, and has been present in Dubai since 2003. The Heart of Europe is the flagship masterplan of the developer in Dubai. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!