owing to the factional crisis between two leaders of the Road Transport Employers Association of Nigeria (RTEAN), Mr Eriyo Osakpmwan and Alhaji Musa Mohammed, they both have been advised to be law-abiding in the interest of public peace. It would be recalled that the National Industrial Court had restrained the former RTEAN Lagos State chairman, Alhaji Musa Mohammed and six others from parading themselves as officers of the group or having any dealings with the association. In a statement by Osakpmwan’s lead counsel, Mr Olayiwola Afolabi, on Thursday, he said that Alhaji Musa Mohammed was parading himself as the officer of the union against the restraining order of a court of competent jurisdiction. ALSO READ: FG, northern govs urged to establish almajiri education agencies Lagos Assembly throws out alleged $200,000 bribery petition… Ex-President Jonathan keeps mum after meeting Buhari at Aso… Outrage in Delta over sale of adulterated petrol in Warri… Apple pulls Hong Kong app used by protesters after China… He also said that it was wrong for anyone to evade service by the court bailiff, who he said had been in Lagos for almost a month, just to serve Musa Mohammed and his faction. “It is really funny for them to be evading service by the court bailiff for about four weeks now. “But the most important thing here now is that the restraining order still remains, which gives it life to enforce the court order. “So, as we speak, the only recognized Executive National President of RTEAN is Comrade Eriyo Osakpmwan”, the statement said. It would be recalled that the National Industrial Court had restrained the former RTEAN Lagos State chairman, Alhaji Musa Mohammed and six others from parading themselves as officers or having any dealings with the association. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!