Ahead of Wednesday’s commencement of the Supreme Court hearing of the 2019 presidential election petition, filed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, the All Progressives Congress (APC) has alleged that the main opposition party was plotting to malign Supreme Court Justices using foreign media organisations. The national publicity secretary of the party, Mallam Lanre Isa-Onilu at a press briefing on Monday alleged that “Bruce Fein, an American lawyer who served in the Ronald Reagan administration and writes articles in several notable foreign newspapers has been paid to publish an ‘op-ed’ on Nigerian Judiciary and the Supreme Court.” The party further claimed that since 2015, Bruce Fein has written several articles, all critical of the President Muhammadu Buhari administration. Onilu told newsmen that having failed to lobby the government of the United States not to recognise the winner of the 2019 presidential election, President Muhammadu Buhari, until the election petition is determined by the Supreme Court, the PDP and Atiku Abubakar were in a fresh plot to cause confusion, anarchy with a view to making this country ungovernable. He said: “It is to be noted that PDP has made up its mind to pursue a destructive agenda against Nigeria for the next four years. This is no longer opposition politics. It is an unpatriotic agenda by people who do not mean well for their country. It is important we continue to alert Nigerians to the devious plan of the PDP. ALSO READ: Minimum wage consequential increase: FEC can’t dictate to states ― NGF IPPIS saga: ASUU threatens strike action if forced to join… Rep member raises alarm over extortion of customs agents by… Court orders counsel to pay N10,000 for absence in court Reps decry poor funding of National Women’s Centre “The judiciary is an important institution and its integrity cannot be subjected to political machinations. It is the responsibility of every truly patriotic Nigerian to rise against the PDP to ensure they do not succeed in undermining our corporate existence. “The judgement of the 2019 Presidential Election Petition Tribunal dismissed in its entirety the petition filed by the PDP and its presidential candidate, Alh. Atiku Abubakar. We are confident that the Supreme Court will further and finally affirm President Muhammadu Buhari’s election victory. “We are also confident that the Judiciary, particularly the Supreme Court will not succumb to the opposition PDP’s subterfuge. “We must continue to resist the unrelenting efforts being made by the PDP and their minions such as the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP), few social media worms spreading and promoting false and destructive news in their attempt to truncate our movement towards greatness. “As part of the PDP and Atiku’s post-election delusions and scheming, the so-called Coalition of United Political Parties has the devious mandate to intimidate and blackmail important state institutions such as INEC, the judiciary, and security agencies, on behalf of PDP. “APC’s victory at the presidential polls and the election tribunal represents our collective desire as a people to remain focused on the progressive growth and development of our country’s economy, fight against corruption, and providing security.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!