Anambra State Sector Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), has called on the State House of Assembly to make an enabling law that will compel petroleum tanker drivers to convey the product only at night. The Sector Commander of the Corps, Mr Andrew Kumapayi, who made the call in an interview with newsmen in Awka, on Tuesday, said that the call has become necessary in order to check their excesses as well as petroleum tanker accidents across the state. Mr Kumapayi who regretted last week’s petroleum tanker accidents at Upper Iweka and Omaba phase two Onitsha respectively which killed some innocent citizens especially a woman and her baby, destroyed property worth billions of Naira commiserated with the family of those who lost their beloved ones to the disaster. ALSO READ: NAQS seeks partnership to address plant health diseases Adamawa Assembly approves appointment of 40 special advisers… Court orders temporary forfeiture of 23 properties linked to… Makinde commended for appointing Akande as adviser on ICT Kolawole-led Kogi Assembly threat to democracy ― PDP He disclosed that Anambra State Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps will commence immediate monitoring of movement of all petroleum tanker drivers in conjunction with relevant security agencies, including the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps, to ensure that any petroleum tanker plying the state road must be in order, warning that the state command of the FRSC will impound any petroleum tanker that is not road worthy. Mr Kumapayi also said that in addition, the State Command of the Federal Roads Safety Corps will engage in serious discussions with Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association of Nigeria PEDAN, National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers of Nigeria, NUPENG, as well as other petroleum and Gas Unions in Anambra State with a view to educating them on Road Safety measures to reduce the high rate of accidents associated with petroleum tankers. He commended Governor Willie Obiano for his prompt response to the fire disaster at Onitsha with a promise to find ways of bringing palliative measures to those affected by the inferno and called on Ndi Anambra to continue with their support to the Governor who he described as a man with heart of gold. Mr Kumapayi, equally extolled the effective security network of the Obiano administration and its support to security agencies in the state, especially the recent disbursement of one hundred and eleven modern security vehicles and gadgets to them which the state command of the Federal Road Safety Corps is among the beneficiaries. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!