The candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the forthcoming November 16th governorship election in Bayelsa state, Chief David Lyon, has said with the 13 per cent derivation fund that accrues to the state coffers monthly, the Hon. Seriake Dickson led administration has no excuse to owe pensioners eight years arrears. He said the deliberate neglect of Bayelsans who dedicated better parts of their lives to the service of the state, was the height of irresponsibility of any government across the world. Chief Lyon expressed his displeasure while receiving a delegation from the British High Commission at his Igbogene residence in Yenagoa, the capital of Bayelsa state yesterday. The APC flag bearer used the occasion to reiterate his strong will to serve Bayelsans, noting that leadership is for service and not for self gains as some have used it to the detriment of the people. NPC set to unravel causes of infant death in Nigeria Insecurity: Nigerian Navy demands for additional vessels LASU holds 3rd distinguished lecture series Attacks on Nigerian businesses in South Africa criminal, not… ALSO READ: Woman in court for allegedly sending snake to neighbour’s room He emphasised that as an oil-producing state, Bayelsa receives 13% derivations besides other allocations, but this massive wealth has not reflected in the state. Mr Lyon who frowned at the affront of the present administration for the total neglect and deception of Bayelsans who have given better parts of their lives to the service of the state as worthless liabilities promised a total transformation of the system. Responding, the leader of the delegation, Mr Singh Sarabjit, congratulated David Lyon on his emergence as the standard-bearer of the APC describing him as the man of the common people. Mr Singh who promised the continuous partnership of the British High Commission also used the opportunity to urge Mr Lyon to consolidated on his goodwill to the people of Bayelsa and the larger society. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!