The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has entered into a strategic partnership with the European Data Protection Office (EDPO) to enable Nigerian businesses to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The partnership was sealed at the Gulf International Technology Exhibition taking place in Dubai, UAE. This partnership is a step forward in Nigeria’s drive towards compliance with data protection. Recall that NITDA issued the Nigeria Data Protection Regulation (NDPR) in January 2019 with the objective of protecting personal data, improve ease of doing business in Nigeria and to create jobs for over 300,000 Nigerians through the unique implementation model of the NDPR. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/communications-minister-charges-agencies-to-improve-cybersecurity/ I will appeal Tribunal judgment ― Abubakar declares Accept all corps members, train them, says Minister Security beef up as Buhari lays 2020 budget proposal before… FG declares state of emergency on erosion in Anambra The outcome of the meeting which had in attendance top NITDA officials and Ms Lucia Canga, the Head of the EDPO delegation are as follows: NITDA in a statement noted that the meeting led to the “Agency being designated as the contact point for Nigerian entities that seek to comply with the GDPR. “EDPO would facilitate Nigeria’s aspiration to become the first African country to meet the European Union’s GDPR adequacy requirement which would open Nigerian businesses to opportunities in the European market. “NITDA would through its licensed Data Protection Compliance Organisations (DPCOs) assist Nigerian entities to be fully compliant with the GDPR thereby ensuring global competitiveness and business continuity”. The EDPO Representative also met with the Minister of Communications, Dr Isa Pantami who reaffirmed Nigeria’s readiness to partner with EDPO to actualize the country’s objective of improving ease of doing business in Nigeria and to make Nigerian companies have global relevance in line with President Muhammandu Buhari GCFR economic diversification agenda. NITDA is empowered by Section 6 (c) of the NITDA Act of 2007 to develop guidelines for electronic governance and monitor the use of electronic data interchange and other forms of electronic communication transactions as an alternative to paper-based methods in government, commerce, education, the private and public sectors, labour, and other fields, where the use of electronic communication may improve the exchange of data and information. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!