Mimi Linda Yina, a celebrity stylist and style consultant, who styles many celebrities across the continent and beyond has explained how she created the masterpiece former BBNaija housemates and lovers, Bam Bam and Teddy A decked for their traditional marriage. In a chat with R during the week, the Chief Executive Officer of Medlin Couture/ Homes, Mimi said it was a challenging experience but a task she had to deliver. She also explained the inspiration behind the signature styling that went viral as soon as it went public. “So, Bam Bam has been my client for a while and one of my muses as I call them. When she called, asking me to take charge of everything thing that has to do with her styling for her traditional marriage including choosing colours and Ase-Ebi, it was an honour for me, because she said, “mama I want to look like I fell from heaven on my big day and can’t think of anyone else to achieve that than you.” ALSO READ:  Keystone Bank rewards customers in its ‘Growbiz Account Save and Win’ promo Ghana president, first lady thrilled at FOCOS charity for… Nollywood: Star-studded movie ‘The Enemy I know’ to hits… Award: Six Nollywood movies nominated for 2019 UK film… Nollywood: Better films will bring bigger investments ―… She went on to say that after her Bam Bam’s shoot, the ex BBN housemate revealed that she hasn’t felt such glam for a long time. “At that point, I knew I had to go all out to meet up her high expectations. It was my first bride and groom styling. It meant a lot to me, it felt great working on that project and the end result gave me the biggest joy as I felt so fulfilled and I must say I was super proud of me,” she said gleefully. Continuing, she added how she got her inspiration, saying that God has always been her greatest source of inspiration.“I always draw my inspiration from God first because, in all honesty, He always crowns my work with grace. Then my inspiration also came from knowing that the couple are very high fashioned people and extra in their styling and very stylish. So, having that in mind gave me the inspiration to create magic to befit their already high fashion sense. I must say they are both style icons and would carry every outfit you put on them well, so that made it easy to create a masterpiece for them.” Mimi has styled top celebrities like AY, Funke Akindele, Ini Edo, Tonto Dikeh and many others have all attested to the genus of her art. Her signature touches even extend beyond the shores of Nigeria and Africa. Little wonder, the Medlin brand is at the top of the ladder in the fashion and style business. “To be honest, it’s amazing how anybody sees a Medlin styling and they automatically know it’s Medlin. We know how to make a literal fashion statement. Baumgartner in you are what you wear, what your clothes reveal about you , we create a unique statement and classy styling for the classy woman and classy man. Keeping it classy and serene is my watchword. Also, we don’t only style, we make all our clients realize the inner beauty in them which is rare and they get so emotional after their styling which shows we are doing something right,” she beamed. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.