A Magistrate Court, sitting in Osogbo, Osun State capital on Monday remanded the Kingmaker of Edunabon town in Ife North West Local Council Development area of Osun State, Chief Olatidoye Oyedokun in prison over the Obaship tussle in the town. The kingmaker was arraigned in court alongside 10 others including a traditional chief, the Osolo of Edunabon, Chief Odebode Elijah Akande on 51 count charges. Other accused persons are Gbenga Olasunbo, Oladeji Yunusa, Abiodun Ogunwede, Ige Lawrence, Emmanuel Adisa, Babalola Bisi, Bello Olalekan, Ramoni Oyetoro and Adegbami Kehinde. The state counsel, Barrister Dele Akintayo and Barrister Bankole Awoyemi informed the court that the accused persons on 19th of December, 2018 at the palace of Salu of Edunabon conducted themselves in a manner that caused a breach of peace. The accused persons were said to have disrupted the peace of the community by setting the palace ablaze, while the Salu of Erunabon, Oba Olatunde Oladepo and many individuals were injured. Education: The Abiodun intervention in Ogun #SexForGrades scandal: Atiku says ‘It’s an… Fullrange microfinance bank offers loan to transporters SDP constitutes caretaker committee for party in Osun ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/court-remands-2-friends-for-unlawful-possession-of-cannabis/ However, counsel to Oba Oladepo, Mr Abdul-Fatai Abdul-Salaam argued that the actions of the accused persons amounted to gross impunity, just as he demanded justice for the victims of the attack. He further contended that the state Ministry of Justice had confirmed that the appointment of Oba Oladepo as Salu of Edunabon followed due process and was in tandem with the custom and tradition of Edunabon. But, accused persons pleaded not guilty to the 51-count charge preferred against them and their counsel, Susan Olubunmi applied for their bail. Presiding Magistrate Riskat Olayemi turned down the bail application and ordered that the accused persons be remanded in prison custody. She subsequently adjourned the case to 14th of November, 2019. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!