Statistics have revealed that there is a high rate of infant mobility in the country considering that out of every 1000 births, 132 deaths are recorded a development that has raised a serious cause for concern and urgent attention. The statistics were given by the National Population Commission (NPC), which lamented that the high level of infants’ deaths in the country if left the way it is now will negatively affect the health indices of the country. Acting chairman of the Commission, Bimbola Salu-Hundeyin made the disclosure on Tuesday while addressing journalists in Bauchi on the commencement of data collection for the 2019 Verbal and Social Autopsy (VASA) survey in the state. The chairman who was represented by the National Commissioner in charge of Bauchi and Gombe states, Abubakar Danburam, said that every available tool must be deployed to combat and curb the menace in order to save the lives of the upcoming generation. Kogi students tell Bello to pay bursary before election FERMA says paucity of fund, flooding effecting its… Border closure: Enugu govt urges people to embrace rice… Journalists, scientists urged to popularise science… ALSO READ: Coordinator urges journalists, scientists to popularise science communication He explained that the objective of the survey is to obtain data to determine the causes and contributory factors to deaths in children aged zero to five. According to him, the 2019 edition of the Verbal and Social Autopsy survey is the second in the series conducted by the Commission after the one carried out in 2014. Bimbola Hundeyin said: “There is no gain stating the fact that under 5 mortality in Nigeria is very high with an average of 132 deaths per 1, 000 births. What needs stating unequivocally is that every available tool must be deployed to combat and curb the menace in our society.” The NBC Boss added that: “I am very optimistic that the data will be used by policymakers and other stakeholders to formulate policies, design and implement programmes that will go a long way in reducing Neonatal and child mortality to the barest minimum in Nigeria.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!