Nigerian singer, songwriter, and record producer, David Adedeji Adeleke aka Davido, has deposited the sum of $100K (N36million) to purchase customised jewelry for Zlatan Ibile, Skibii and seven other members of his 30BG (30billion gang) The singer rewarded the Nigerian rapper, songwriter and dancer Omoniyi Temidayo Raphael aka Zlatan Ibile, who is also in the United States of America with a customized neck chain and 30 BG pendant. Zlatan got his gift from Davido after he attended the 40th birthday of the singer’s big brother and also met his dad, Dr Deji Adeleke. The delighted Zlatan took to his Instagram page @Zlatan Ibile to show gratitude to Davido. ALSO READ: Davido’s unborn child hits endorsement deal Davido also gifted his older brother an expensive Rolex wristwatch as his older brother, Ayoola Adeleke marked his 40th birthday. Ace singer, Victor AD, releases new single, ‘Too Much Money’ Kogi election: Vote not fight, election no be war, 2baba… Buga returns with ‘It has been baba all the way’ Wizkid, 2baba, others hit Dubai with One Africa Music Fest In the same light, Davido displayed a customized neck chain pendant with the inscription ‘Skibii’ which he bought for Nigerian popular singer, Abbey Elias, aka Skiibii Mayana. The 30BG crew was also not left out as seven of the members, Davido’s 30BG, Asa Asika, Special Spesh, DJ Ecool, Tungee, Lati and Tycoon got the special 30BG championship ring. NAN Recalls that in August 2019, Davido purchased a new diamond finger ring known as the 30BG championship ring worth over N54million. Davido’s 30BG championship ring has 696 diamonds on it. The expensive jewelry was purchased from Zaheer of Icebox Diamond and Watches in Atlanta, U.S. Zaheer of Icebox diamond and watches in Atlanta disclosed that Davido’s customised ring was the ‘biggest championship ring he’s ever made with so many carats.’ SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!