Authorities of the Nigerian Air Force has concluded plans for the acquisition of N29.793 billion Thunder Aircraft in its bid to successfully prosecute the ongoing war against insurgency and the discharge of its constitutional mandates. The Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar disclosed this while speaking at the 2019/2020 budget defence held at the instance of the House Committee on Air Force chaired by Hon. Mohammed Koko. He explained that 3 JF-17 Thunder Aircraft worth N29.793 billion would be acquired from the Pakistan government, with the payment of 50% while Pakistan government commence the production of the NAF own aircraft. The Chief of Air Staff who disclosed that out of total sum of N114.835 billion appropriated in 2019, explained that the prompt release of N60.934 billion for personnel emolument while out N8.851 billion approved for overhead only N5.9 billion (66.7%) was released as at October 2019 while the sum of N16.021 billion was released as the first tranche of the capital expenditure out of N45.051 billion appropriated. For 2020, the Nigeria Air Force proposed a total sum of N137.872 billion out of which the sum of N100.662 billion is for personnel cost; N8.851 billion is for overhead. He, however, observed that the sum of N28.360 billion from its moderate budget proposal of N88.391 billion for the incoming fiscal year. According to him, additional sum of N2.5 billion is required for procurement of various aircraft spares in 2020; N2 billion for various aircraft arms and ammunition as well as N1 billion various small arms and ammunition; N1.5 billion for infrastructural development in the newly established NAF bases; N750 million for upgrade and rehabilitation of existing barracks by direct labour; N250 million for uniforms and accoutrements for the incoming year. ALSO READ: N1bn not enough to conduct elections in 2020 ― INEC chairman tells NASS Speaking earlier, Chairman Committee on Airforce, Hon. Mohammed Koko, who lamented the spate of insecurity said: “I would be delighted if you could equally extend the security apparatus and airpower of the Nigeria Air Force to the old Sokoto States, presently comprising of Sokoto, Kebbi and Zamfara.” Funmilola, down with kidney failure ailment, needs N17.9m… Reps demand explanations on $460m Abuja CCTV camera project Oba of Benin receives Africa Travel 100 Global Personalities… Communities get transformer, electric poles years after… In a related development, Chairman, House Committee on Army, Hon. Abdulrazak Namdas has applauded the giant stride of the Nigerian Army towards safeguarding the territorial integrity of Nigeria as well as security of Nigerians across the country. Hon. Namdas who led a high-powered delegation to some of the Army Formations in the North East, North West and South-South geopolitical zones of the country, expressed optimism that Nigerian Army’s capacity to protect the territorial integrity of the country. While pledging the Committee’s resolve to oversight the implementation of the budget and eschew corruption, Hon. Namdas observed that Nigerians are watching and expect to get value for money to expend on security. In his presentation, Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Tukur Buratai, expressed displeasure over the limitations posed by the current envelope system. He observed that various initiatives embarked on by the Nigerian Army to curb the activities of insurgents and other criminals involved in kidnapping, cattle rustling and other social vices impacted on both human and financial resources of the Nigerian Army. According to him, Nigerian Army expanded from 5 to 8 Division over the past 4 years, and established special forces command, special cybercrime command and special intelligence command as part of efforts geared towards strengthening its operations. While speaking on the Police Service Commission’s 2019/2020 budgets, Mr Musiliu Smith, decried the no-full release of appropriated sums both on capital and overhead cost. “These non-full releases of appropriated funds have been causing for the delay in completion of the headquarters office and resulting in the accumulation of liabilities on cleaning security and other utility bills. “There is the problem of inadequate staff strength in the commission, especially at the junior and middle levels. At present, the commission has staff strength of 358 whereas the Nigeria Police has over 300,000 personnel. The current staff strength affects the commission’s efficiency in carrying out its duties as stated in the Establishment Act,” he told Hon. Bello Kumo. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!