Kogi state would be N10bn richer if the Senate approves President Muhammadu Buhari’s request in a letter to the Senate, in which he requested for the approval of N10bn refund to Kogi State government for projects it executed on behalf of the federal government. Buhari, in the letter addressed to the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, explained that the money when approved would be utilised by the state government to settle local debts it had incurred following the execution of these projects on behalf of the Federal Government. Buhari said his request was based on the resolution passed by the 8th Senate which was conveyed through correspondences from the clerk of the National Assembly dated as follows: “Letter dated 27th of July 2018, Ref: NASS/CNS/106/vol 10/277 which approved the issuance of promissory notes to 21 States. “Letter dated January, 29th, 2019 Ref, NASS/CNS/106/vol 11/004 which approved the issuance of promissory notes to Delta and Taraba States. The President quoted a third letter dated May, 23, 2019 with Ref: NASS/CNS/106/vol. 11/164 that approved the issuance of promissory notes to Bauchi State.  ALSO READ: Your contributions will be rewarded, Bello assures support groups The letter reads in part that: “The three resolutions approved the issuance of promissory notes to 24 out of the 25 State Government that requested and the only State for which approval has not been given is Kogi State with an outstanding claim of N10.069B. Awolowo-Dosumu laments absence of visual history Your contributions will be rewarded, Bello assures support… NUPENG decries poor road infrastructure Militants threaten to destroy oil facilities if Dokubo is… “The Senate may wish to know that the claim of all the 25 States for project executed on behalf of the Federal Government were verified by the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing and Bureau of Public procurement for which the Federal Executive Council approved the claims which they were forwarded for the approval of the National Assembly. “The Senate will note that subsequent resolution of the national assembly approving the refunds to the 24 State Governments the Federal Government has issued promissory notes to all the 24 State Governments for the settlement of their claims. “Accordingly the senate is hereby requested to kindly approve the issuance of promissory notes in the sum of N10, 069, 692, 410.15 to Kogi state for projects executed on behalf of the Federal Government. While looking forward to the timely consideration for the refund to Kogi State” President of the Senate Ahmed Lawan after reading the correspondence to the senate directed the senate committee on Local and foreign debt to handle the request and report back to plenary in two weeks. It would be recalled that the Senate on 16th May 2019 approved promissory notes and bond issuance worth N14.6 billion to Bauchi State. The fund was approved for the state as reimbursement for projects executed on behalf of the Federal Government by the state. The approval brought to 24, the number of states with outstanding claims for projects executed on behalf of the Federal Government and approved by the Senate. Chairman, committee, on Local and Foreign Debt, Senator Francis Alimikhena, Edo North (APC) in his report, noted that although the Senate had initially excluded Bauchi and Kogi States, the committee, however, approved a refund for Bauchi state government excluding Kogi government. The report did not explain the reason for the exclusion of Kogi State at the time of the refund approval in the eight assembly. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!