THE deputy governor of Kebbi State, Samaila Yombe Dabai, on Friday, lamented the influx of bandits into the state from Zamfara State. Alhaji Yombe Dabai while briefing newsmen stated that the influx of bandits into the state from the  state in recent times was becoming worrisome. The Yobe deputy governor spoke at the end of a security meeting held in Damaturu, the state capital on Friday. Governor Abubakar Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State had earlier called on the state Police Command to work together with other security agents in the state in tackling the issue with immediate effect. Poor materials, major cause for building collapses in… Sowore, Bakare yet to meet bail conditions Flood: Ondo govt closes schools for three weeks NIWA demolishes shanties around Iddo waterfront in Lagos Legislative agenda: Buhari tasks NASS on good legislations Governor Bagudu made this call at the end of a two-day security meeting he had with the state Commissioner of Police and representative of other security heads in the state and the Army. While speaking with newsmen, Dabai added that the influx of the bandits had necessitated the state governor to summon security council meeting to confront the menace head on and ensure that every part of the state is crime free. The Commissioner of Police, Garba Danjuma on behalf of other security chiefs said all security agents in the state would operate in synergy to confront any security threat across the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!