ONE major factor in marriage is communication. A lot of couples are not communicating in the marriage. Rather, they just get along in their relationship. A lot had been written on the communication issue in marriage earlier in this column. However, I want to revisit the issue today because it is still a strong factor in ensuring that couples enjoy a great marriage. Communication is like a recurring decimal in marriage. It is the basis of all human relationships, without which, such relationships will not be successful.. This is the reason why I am presenting the I.T.T. angle of communication in order to move us to the next level in our marital communication. Advocates of the concept of Intimate Talking Time are targeting to mitigate the noticeable flaws in marital communication. These include the following: Seven things men should do to increase performance Nigeria is so complex now no one knows where the next arrow… Great marriage requires consistent love S3x, the most important activity in marriage No communication flaw, dealing with a situation whereby a couple does not have a time to discuss the affairs in the marriage. Rather, one partner  just calls the shots, for the other to comply. In most cases, the one calling the shots is the husband, who pays the bills, and in line with the popular saying,  “he who pays the Piper, dictates the tune”, is the rule of the game here. So, the question of two heads are better than one, does not apply here. Since it takes two to tango, there is a flaw in this form of communication. Partial communication flaw, which is a situation where a couple discusses only some issues, while other issues are left for one party, usually the husband, to rule over. Such issues include purchase of landed property, car, and holiday sites. Some of these may sound absurd to the intelligent ears, but the truth is that such reality exists. Under Intimate Talking Time, this flaw is also dealt with, since couples have no hold back on any issue. Reaction communication flaw deals with a couple reacting based on what each other does in the marriage. It is waiting to see what one party does for the other to respond. So, what the wife does is based on what the husband does. If he acts angrily, the wife responds in the same manner. If he keeps malice, she also gives him the silent treatment. Under Intimacy Talking Time, the couple thrases out their differences amicably. Rather than arguing, each party has a share of the floor,in discussing the issues at stake. With the concept of Intimate Talking Time, couples are assured of a great marriage void of incessant conflicts, which time together alone, will help them to resolve in the atmosphere of peace and understanding, void of rancour. Couples who have embraced  this concept of Intimate Talking Time have good stories of great marriage to tell. I hereby recommend the concept to couples who desire a great marriage. My book: enjoying great sex life, is still available for sale. You can call 08112658560: for details. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!