The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Sunday declared that the All Progressives Congress (APC)’s unwarranted invective on former President Goodluck Jonathan was misdirected as it best suits President Muhammadu Buhari and the APC administration, which “has gone down as the most incompetent and most corrupt” in the history of the nation. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja, the Party stated that the distortions and groundless attack on President Jonathan were a desperate tactic by the APC and the Buhari Presidency to divert public attention from the recent shocking corruption and fraud revelations in which close relatives and confidants of Mr President were mentioned. According to statement: “The PDP has been made aware of how the Presidency has been in a frenzy to suppress investigations and deflect public enquiries from the arrest of President Buhari’s known confidant deported from the United Kingdom for alleged international passport scam and money laundering, as it knows that an inquest will further expose the huge rot in the Buhari Presidency. “Our party has equally been made aware of how the APC and the Buhari Presidency have been desperate to divert public attention from the administration’s obnoxious decision to further oppress Nigerians by reintroducing tollgates on our highway, increasing Value Added Tax (VAT), electricity bill and other tariffs as well as their despicable plot to sack government workers.” ALSO READ: AGF tasks Law School on remittances to federation account BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… The Party charged the APC and the Buhari Presidency “to perish the idea of thinking that these unnecessary distortions on the Jonathan administration would bury the demand for an inquest into the Danu racket through which billions of naira meant for the wellbeing of Nigerians are allegedly being diverted to private purses.” The Party further “invites Nigerians to note how the APC had remained silent since revelations that its key leaders and the cabal at the Presidency are involved in the stealing of over N14 trillion meant for the wellbeing of Nigerians.” According to it: “our party further challenges the APC and the Buhari Presidency to speak out on the alleged diversion of the N500bn meant for the Social Investment Programme among other humongous fraud directly perpetrated under the Buhari Presidency. “Furthermore, in trying to tar the PDP, the APC forgets that it is already common knowledge that all the bad eggs that brought a bad name to the PDP have since left our repositioned party to the APC where their National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, who also has a huge corruption allegation on his neck, admitted that the party is a haven for corrupt persons. “Moreover, the fact that President Buhari can only surround himself with persons openly indicted for corruption, as ministers and advisers, speaks volume of the administration’s posturing on corruption.” It, therefore, charged the APC not to think that it could cover its mess by trying to make unfounded allegations against former President Goodluck Jonathan and the PDP as Nigerians could now see through their shenanigans. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!