The Police Command in Katsina State has ordered the immediate closure of Malam Bello-mai’almajirai local reformatory centre in Daura, Katsina State. The Commissioner of Police, Mr Sanusi Buba, who inspected the centre in the company of journalists and other relevant stakeholders, ordered the closure in Daura on Monday. He said that inmates were subjected to deplorable and dehumanising conditions at the centre. ALSO READ: Nigeria to earn N12 billion by 2028 from tourism industry ― DG ITF News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 360 inmates at the centre escaped after breaking the burglary proof on Sunday. The commissioner added that the condition of inmates called for urgent and serious concern, noting that the police would search the 34 local government areas in the state to unravel such centres. Retired law professor Kais Saied elected Tunisia’s 6th… Lalong congratulates Ortom on victory at polls, tribunal Minimum wage: Osun to join nationwide strike – Labour Egosi community in Kwara receives N1.4m project fund from… He explained that some of the inmates were handcuffed and compelled to sleep in unventilated rooms. “We would mount surveillance to fish out such culprits subjecting children to servitude,” he said. He urged parents who took their children to the centre  to come forward with valid means of identification to claim them, stressing that “no law in the country permits such inhuman treatment.” The Emir of Daura, Alhaji Faruk Umar Faruk, called on the police and other relevant security agencies to carry out an investigation on the issue. He urged the police to be fair and just in their investigation so that the culprits would face appropriate sanctions. The emir who expressed shock at the discovery said it was a surprise for such a thing to happen in his domain. NAN.https://newsroom.nan.ng/police-order-closure-of-reformatory-centre-in-katsina/ SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!