Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, has reiterated his administration’s commitment to education, saying that was the only way to lift people out of poverty. Makinde stated this during the 90th anniversary of the Government College, Ibadan, and the 50th anniversary of the 1969-1975 set. Speaking at the Lalekan Are Hall in the premises of the school on Saturday, Governor Makinde said he was not focusing on a second term agenda, but on the mandate given to him by the people of the state, among which is to provide qualitative education for all. The governor, while charging the people of the state to partner with him so that he succeeds in his assignment, said Ibadan used to be the intellectual capital of Africa. “This administration is, therefore, committed to restoring the lost glory of education in the state.” At conference, dons identify with Japanese education in… Claims of crisis in Lokoja varsity unfounded says report Fayemi laments Ekiti ranking in 2019 WAEC results Dearth of teachers hits Oyo schools ALSO READ: IMF backs Nigeria on border closure, urges speedy resolution of issue On inadequate teachers in schools, the governor said he was aware of the problem and would support the schools with grants in order to pay their Parents Teachers Association (PTA) teachers. “The government will also soon advertise for teachers and qualified PTA teachers can apply.” Makinde then commended the old boys of the college for their passion for the development of the school. He said he was impressed with the projects by the former students, saying it was through such partnerships that the standard of education could be raised. In his remarks, the President of Government College Ibadan Old Boys Association (GCIOBA), Dr Wale Babalakin, thanked Governor Makinde for joining former students in celebrating their alma mater. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....