Chairman, House of Representatives Committee on army, Hon Abdulrazak Namdas, on Wednesday, pledged his Committee’s resolve towards repositioning the Nigerian army in the quest to safeguard the lives of Nigerians and protect the territorial integrity of the country. Hon Namdas, who gave the assurance at the inaugural meeting of the committee solicited the support of experienced Nigerians and Parliamentarians with security experience in addressing the national challenge. The lawmaker also tasked the army hierarchy on the need to collaborate with other security agencies by way of sharing intelligence for the purposes of subduing insurgency and other security threats in the country. He also pledged the House resolve to partner with the Senate counterparts to embark on selected army formations with the view to get acquainted with various challenges faced by army officers and men. According to him, “I believe by taking an on-the-spot assessment of the Formations, we will be better equipped to appreciate the challenges and acquire the wherewithal to appropriate funds for the army.” ALSO READ:Reps uncover budgetary fraud at NDDC FG committed to achieving universal eye health    —Health… LASACO Assurance to raise N10bn aditional capital ahead of… Finance minister welcomes IMF report Senate moves to delist “failed” political… The lawmaker who vowed not to fail the Legislature and Nigerians in the course of discharging the constitutional responsibility affirmed that the Nigerian army which has the largest component of the Nigerian Armed Forces bears the brunt of the nation’s security challenges. According to him, “We are all aware of the security challenges the nation has faced in the last few years, which is a source of concern to all of us. They require our utmost attention. I, therefore, implore you to consider this onerous assignment and a call to national service. “We have to be proactive and patriotic while discharging our responsibilities. I enjoin us to make the issue of oversight and referrals very seriously. It is my belief that proper oversight will reposition the Army towards achieving their targets with ease. “We pledge to cooperate with the House leadership for the full implementation of the House Legislative agenda. The Legislative Agenda has identified sustained economic growth as the key to effectively addressing other national problems of inequality, insecurity and conflicts. “We are prepared to guarantee all stakeholders to secure our nation and guarantee economic growth, development and job creation. As you are aware, no nation thrives in a state of insecurity.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!