The Guild of Medical Directors (GMD) is set to partner with the Federal Government to tackle the issue of Universal Health Coverage (UHC) in the country. The partnership, according to the National President of the GMD, Professor Olufemi Babalola, is to ensure a progressive expansion of coverage of health services and financial protection as more resources become available. “Universal health coverage ensures that individuals and communities receive the health services they need without suffering severe and crippling financial hardship,” he said. Prof. Babalola pointed out that achieving universal health coverage is a critical goal that most African countries are striving to achieve. He admitted that plausible strides have been made in some cases but a number of challenges still need to be addressed. To perfect this process, the National President of the GMD, said a platform for robust discussion by all stakeholders, healthcare buyers and beneficiaries of medical health schemes, on how to achieve the UHC would be created as GMD holds its 25th Annual General Meeting and Scientific Conference in Abuja Thursday to Friday this week. Stop Isiguzo from parading himself as NUJ president, Odusile… Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… “The 25th Annual General Meeting and Scientific Conference of the GMD will come up in Abuja this year. The event slated for the 25 and 26th October would discuss widely and proffer solutions as private medical practitioners lead the vanguard,” Prof. Babalola said. ALSO READ: Guber poll: Steer clear of Kogi State, PDP tells el-Rufai He added: “The pivotal role of the GMD in delivery of over 70 per cent of health care in Nigeria places it in a strong position to assist Nigerians access health at their doorstep.’’ He further pointed out that there is a private hospital in most parts and even in the remotest parts of Nigeria; such that the GMD supporting the government, can reduce the poor health indices of Nigerians. He also stated that by working with the GMD, the government can almost overnight expand the capacity in managing Nigerians close to where they live. Prof. Babalola stated that the GMD, which is a body of the Chief Medical Directors of some of the most active practices in Nigeria has always been concerned that the critical role of the private practitioners has not been fully tapped to improve the health delivery through the National Health Insurance Scheme. According to him, the conference, holding at the Shehu Musa Yarádua Conference centre, promises to be a platform of providing adequate information to participants to protect the interest of both healthcare buyers and beneficiaries of medical health schemes. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!