CHAIRMAN, harmonisation committee for the Oyo state branch of the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), Comrade Kayode Agbeyangi, has said that there is no anointed candidate by either the national leadership of the union of the Oyo state government among candidates jostling for the post of chairman of the NURTW in the state. He made this known during the meeting of the committee with leaders and other members of the union in Ibadan, on Friday, which also had the Commissioner for Works and Transport in Oyo state, Professor Raphael Afonja, in attendance. Agbeyangi, who is also the National Deputy General Secretary of NURTW, told Saturday Tribune that the meeting was held to intimate other members of the union, relevant stakeholders as well as the general public that there is no faction among the union in the state and that all aggrieved members have agreed to come together as one with the sole aim of toeing the path of peace by abiding by the constitution of the union and the laws of the land. He stressed that all the leaders in the union among whom are former branch chairman, Ibadan North-East local government, Alhaji Waheed Adeoyo, former factional chairman of the union in the state, Alhaji Mukaila Lamidi a.k.a Auxiliary,  immediate past state chairman, Alhaji Abideen Olajide a.k.a Ejiogbe among others have agreed to work together in the interest of the union and the good people of Oyo state. Ghana president, first lady thrilled at FOCOS charity for… Facebook removes coordinated fake accounts in Nigeria, UAE,… Facebook launches Threads from Instagram, new camera-first… Nigeria Customs Service explains reason for operation at… ALSO READ: Anambra govt develops innovative models to empower youths Alhaji Abideen Olajide, attested to this fact when while addressing the gathering on behalf of others that their primary aim is to protect the interest of members they represent and also ensure that there is maintenance of law and order in the state by making sure that none of their followers disrupt the peace that has been reigning since the inception of the present administration. Commissioner for Works and Transportation, Professor Raphael Afonja, while speaking with Tribune Online, said:”You are aware of what is going on regarding the unrest in the state as far as the union is concerned. And our governor, His Excellency, Mr Seyi Makinde has tasked them to come up with a lasting solution to this unrest. “And for them to come up with recommendations to move the state forward. That they have to remember that the safety of our people is paramount to the success of this government. Our governor is a people’s person, that is why we tasked them to come together to proffer a lasting solution and then they have to abide by whatever is being recommended. “We have recommended that they have to follow the constitution that governs the union. They have met individually and now they are coming together to come as one and to re-affirm what was discussed individually and we are hoping that this will lead to something fruitful at the end of it all.” How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.