As part of the strategic measure to guarantee the safety of lives and property during emergencies at the 2019 Carnival Calabar, Cross River State government has introduced fire fighting mechanism and strategic partnership in preparation for the global event. Carnival Calabar which started in 2004 has grown year in year out and the global audience increases every year, hence the need to improve on safety and consciousness of the fiesta. The International Consultant to the Carnival Carnival, Mr Ikechi Uko made the new desire for the 2019 event known during the stakeholders’ event to rap up the Carnival routes inspections in Calabar. Uko who cited recent fire disaster in Lagos and Onitsha, Anambra states said there is a need for preparedness for control and prevention for unexpected fire outbreak,hence the partnership becomes strategic. “Carnival Calabar has become a household name globally and our desire to introduce fire service is not restricted to fires in buildings alone, it includes safety to incidences, flood disasters as well as other natural and man-made disasters. UNILORIN win 3rd JAMB tertiary institutions football tourney FG did not reject our offer to repair federal roads linking… Gowon harps on industrialisation to drive export Buhari charges new Odole Oodua, Kessington Adebutu on… ALSO READ: Fire kills three female hotel workers in Nnewi “Again that will include fire service in Carnival Calabar Safety apparatus shown that we are complying with the international best practices on Safety and Disaster management,” he said. Chairman of Cross River State Carnival Commission, Mr Gabe Onah said the awareness of the new development of fire service operating in full swing in the Carnival activities will commence. He used the opportunity to call on the Fire Service to partner the Commission on awareness campaigns to buttress fire safety measures before during after the Carnival event. The Director of Cross River State fire service, Mr Don Ugbe who was part of the stakeholders meeting assured the readiness of his officers and men on enforcement, public enlightenment programmes and impact reduction during the exercise. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....