The Social Democratic Party (SDP) candidate in the November governorship election, Barr. Natasha Akpoti is not backing down or allowing the INEC decision to disqualify her to dampen the mood in her camp as she vows to fight the decision and calls for her supporters to keep their spirits high, never to lose hope and remain on course. In a statement issued by the spokesman of the Natasha/Khalid Campaign Organization, Odaudu Joel Minister and made available to journalists in Lokoja, Barr. Natasha rallies her supporters and calls on all the good people of Kogi State to keep hope alive as her passion to provide them with the good governance they deserve cannot be truncated. Niger water board generates N12m monthly ― Official 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools Igbo not ready for 2023 presidency ― Wabara Amidst protests, Nigerians mark independence anniversary in… ALSO READ: No plan to introduce toll gates yet ― Fashola “To all my supporters and the wonderful people of Kogi state, I want to assure you that the project of lifting our beloved state out of poverty, unemployment, poor healthcare and gross socio-economic and infrastructural underdevelopment will not be allowed to fizzle out. We are on course and we will go all the way within the legal and moral ambit to overcome the recent setbacks and make sure that SDP is on the ballot for the Kogi State gubernatorial election come November 2019. “We have come a long way in this struggle for the soul of Kogi state, we will not let any injustice and weakness in the system to truncate our dream for a working Kogi state. A Kogi that we can all be proud of. I urge you to remain on course and keep the faith. We are on course; no hope is lost,” the statement concluded. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!