A team of 19 students of Bells University of Technology, Ota, Ogun State, were recently mentored by a leading US-based international ICT company, New Horizons, for developing a high-end hospital management application to solve the university-wide medical need. This development has further advanced the capability of Nigerian universities to be the provider of much-needed ICT solutions, which can bail the country out of dependence on oil economy and near-total reliance on foreign technology experts to solve critical societal issues. At the commissioning event on the university campus, it was revealed that the students successfully developed a digital solution named Bells Hospital Management system (BHMS) that completely digitalises the university’s medical/hospital system through a project platform named “Bells/New Horizons TECH HUB.” According to the project team leaders, the technology hub was established as the project-based component of the high-end deliverable emanating from the partnership between the university and New Horizons. Revenue generating agencies don’t remit most revenues ― Senate President The university management led by the Vice Chancellor, Professor Jeremiah Ojediran, was visibly impressed based on the fact that the project team consists of students from diverse disciplines which includes: Atewogbola Yanmife – 400L Computer Engineering, Adetipe Kehinde – 300L Accounting, Oyienloba Joel -200L Computer Science, Umeh Tobenna -200L Computer  Engineering, Adedigba Mololuwa- 300L Accounting, Ushie Joan – 400L Electrical Engineering, Uko Akanowo – 300L Computer Science, Kevin Obaro – 300L Computer Science, Noiki Tomiwa – 400L Electrical Engineering, Oladele Seyi -300L Computer Science, Odusami Olatunde- 300L Computer Science, Yusuf Halimat -300L Mechatronics, CcHub, TASUED unveil EdTech COE in Ijebu-Ode Board composition:  Group urges multinational companies to… GITEX 2019: Startups commend NITDA, request for more slots Airtel Africa announces partnership with Mastercard  to… The rest are: Arogundade Rahmat -300L Mechatronics, Jibueze Anthony – 300L Computer Science, Oguh Kelechi – 400L Electrical Engineering, Makanjuola Eniola – 400L Architecture, Onatoyinbo Timileyin – 300L Civil  Engineering, Ogunseye Abiodun – 300L Accounting, Echefu Louis – 400L Mechatronics. While explaining and demonstrating the utility of the solution, the team said: “The project development is a thing of exceeding joy to us, about 35 of us started the development of the project however when we got to the nitty gritty of the project works and started interfacing and programming with real and massive database, more than half of us dropped by. “This hospital solution is very robust and of very high quality that can be adopted for any hospital, irrespective of its size. Imagine that through this solution all the hospital processes right from patients management, staff management, patient treatment module, laboratory module, administrator module, medical service module, medical payment module, pharmacy module, emergency contact module and parents module are all seamlessly digitalised.” Speaking more elaborately at the event,  Ojediran commended the students for doing the University proud as well as appreciated the fact that the team consisted of students from non-computer science disciplines also. The Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of New Horizons, Mr Tim Akano, who led the company’s team commended the project team for having teachable spirits and being fast learners. Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!