Class Set ‘94 of Ilupeju Secondary School has donated food items to the Bethseda Blind home as a give back in celebration of its 25th year anniversary. Bethseda blind home is located in the Ilupeju area of Lagos State with current population put at 125. Food items such as bags of rice, gallons of groundnut oil, cartons of Indomie noodles and other food items were given to the home. Speaking during the donation, the President of the set, Mr Oladejo Lukman, said the initiative was borne out of the need to give back to the society as the set clocks 25 years. Oladejo noted that the blind and persons living with disabilities, in general, have been doing great in their different endeavours regardless of their deficiency, which he said propelled this alms giving to the blind. Ghana president, first lady thrilled at FOCOS charity for… Facebook removes coordinated fake accounts in Nigeria, UAE,… Facebook launches Threads from Instagram, new camera-first… Nigeria Customs Service explains reason for operation at… ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/baba-wande-signs-multimillion-naira-deal-with-adron/ “We felt it was a long way 25 years out of secondary school and the need to give back to society. Let the society have a feel of who we are and what we stand for. “We went to the home so that people can appreciate the blind people, especially when it has become a cliche that there is ability in disabilities. “We were marvelled at the skills attached to the playing of instruments by the blind. They are very good at the keyboard, saxophone, trumpet and other musical instruments,” he said. Meanwhile, the President urged governments at all levels to care for the blind and other people living with Disabilities (PWDs) by creating an enabling environment for all. He charged the PWDs not to rest on their oars as they have been doing great in their various endeavours while assuring them that the society loves them. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.