THE Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has commenced clampdown on tricycles and motorcycles without number plates and riders without class ‘A’ license, recording massive arrest of over 1750 violators, for non-compliance nationwide. This was pursuant to the earlier public statement by FRSC and the Joint Tax Board (JTB) to begin a clampdown on tricycles and motorcycles without number plates and riders without class ‘A’ license on 2 October 2019. Corps Public Education Officer, Mr Bisi Kazeem in a statement on Friday in Abuja said the special clampdown intervention patrol recorded massive arrests of offenders in 18 states namely; Kaduna, Nasarawa, Katsina, Kebbi, Delta, Benue, Oyo, Niger, Kwara, Adamawa, Kogi, Zamfara, Anambra, Sokoto, Osun, Rivers , Kano and Ondo state. Given the breakdown of the arrests, the Corps Public Education Officer said; ” The highest number of arrests was recorded in Kaduna state with a total of 430 arrests. Nasarawa state followed suit with a total of 219 arrests comprising of 15 tricycles and 204 motorcycles. In Benue state alone, a total of 147 arrests have been made, comprising of 140 motorcycles and 7 tricycles. Other are; Ondo 61, Anambra 41, Kebbi 51, Katsina 110, Delta 92, Zamfara 76, Oyo 178, Kogi 16, Mubi 10, Rivers 11, Kano 132, Niger 28, Osun 66 and Sokoto 10. According to him, this was achieved in friendly collaboration with the Nigeria Police Force, Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps and other law enforcement agencies. Ghana president, first lady thrilled at FOCOS charity for… Facebook removes coordinated fake accounts in Nigeria, UAE,… Facebook launches Threads from Instagram, new camera-first… Nigeria Customs Service explains reason for operation at… ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/nigerias-drivers-licence-enjoys-international-recognition-frsc/ It would be recalled that the Corps Marshal, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, following the series of consultations with the JTB, agreed to shift the commencement of enforcement from the earlier date of 1 August 2019 to allow for more sensitisation and awareness, and further consultations with critical stakeholders on the imperatives of the clampdown. Speaking on the operation, the Corps Marshal said, “This shift of date was agreed upon to give riders adequate time to comply with the laws and acquire both the class A license and the number plates. ‘We expected that by now, due to the adequate publicity we gave the commencement of enforcement and the consultations that followed, all affected riders would have complied to this demand of the law” He continued; ” The essence of this operation is to enhance the security of lives and properties of road users. There have been a series of reports of the pervasive use of these categories of vehicles to perpetrate all manners of crime and we are saying enough is enough. All Tricycles and motorcycles must have an identity so that they can be easily traced”. Oyeyemi, therefore, called on all motorists who operate within these categories to endeavour to procure their licenses and also have their tricycles and motorcycles duly registered to avoid arrest. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.