Political leaders in the country have been enjoined to embrace Jesus Christ and believe in the greatness of the country. The admonition came from the pastor in charge of Warri Zone of the Christ Embassy (aka Believers’ LoveWorld), Eddy Owase, during the church’s 2019 Reach Out Nigeria tagged: ‘Light of Hope.’ Owase rejected the belief that Nigerians are criminals in other countries, saying: “We know that Nigeria is a great country and not a country of criminals as many want to portray it to be.” Buhari to repair State House buildings with N4.5bn Speaking on the annual programme and its significance, Owase expressed gratitude to God and Senior Pastor of the ministry, Reverend Chris Oyakhilome, whom, he said, made it possible for the church to reach out to Nigerians with the widely-read daily devotional, the ‘Rhapsody of Reality.’ Stop living fake lives, Anglican bishop tells Nigerians Meduoye, Maduka, others lament poverty rate, task govt Okowa meets Apostle Suleiman, calls for more soul-winning… Cleric admonishes Nigerians to intensify prayers for their… “We hold Reach Out Nigeria every year and it’s a programme designed to reach out to people with the word of God because we know that God’s Word is God’s power to change the lives of the people. “If this country is going to change, that’s going to be through the power of God. This is a driving force to reach out to men and women, old and young, poor and rich with the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ and thereby inspiring patriotism in our nation. So it’s nation building. “We are glad because for the past 11 years, we have been having this programme and we’ve had various projects carried out in this state, city and across the country,” he said. While enjoining Nigerians to pray for their leaders across the country, the cleric said Nigeria would not die or diminish, adding that “there’s light and hope for Nigeria.” The 2019 Reach Out Nigeria witnessed the distribution of two million copies of Rhapsody of Reality,  activities such as street rallies, cultural dance depicting major tribes in the country, beauty pageantry, talent show, football tournament, and song ministrations. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!