A Kwara State High Court has, on Wednesday, convicted one Akinbamidele Femi John, on a three-count charge bordering on internet fraud and other fraud-related offences. The case was instituted by Ilorin zonal office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). Delivering judgment on the matter, the presiding judge, Justice Mahmood Abdulgafar, said that the court, after evaluating the case, found the defendant guilty of all the charges levelled against him by the anti-graft body. Count one of the charge reads: “That you, Akinbamidele Femi John (a.k.a BrendaJason) on or about 20th March 2018 at Ilorin,  Kwara State within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court attempted to commit an offence by pretending to be Brenda Jason,  a female with a Gmail account; jasonbrenda00@gmail.com and thereby committed an offence contrary to sections 95 and 321 of the penal code law and punishable under section 324 of the same law.” ALSO READ: Kogi election: we will accredit media that meet the standard ― INEC Expert bemoan poor budgetary funding for Defence,… FG’s cash transfer: 33,348 households benefit in Kogi CP advocates death penalty for corrupt practices in Nigeria Kogi guber: NGOs to deploy 200 Disabilities as election… Akinbamidele during his arraignment on Monday had pleaded guilty to all the three-count charges levelled against him by the EFCC. Justice Abdulgafar said the evidence of the prosecution witness, Olamide Sadiq, who is the Head of Advance Fee Fraud and other Fraud Related Offences section of the EFCC, Ilorin zonal office was strong and reliable. According to the judge: “It was the evidence of the PW1 that an iPhone 7 was recovered from Akinbamidele and analysing of the phone indicated that the defendant was found possessing fraudulent documents in order to defraud the people. “I found you, Akinbamidele Femi John, guilty of all the three count charges brought against you, I hereby sentenced you to six months imprisonment. Justice Abdulgafar said the iPhone 7 recovered from the convict should be forfeited to the Federal Government of Nigeria. The judgement is without an option of fine. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!