Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo state, on Thursday, expressed joy that his administration has cleared the way to access a loan of N7.6 billion borrowed by the immediate past administration. Makinde, across his various social media handles, said the Oyo state house of Assembly’s approval of the loan request was gratifying having earlier in his administration secured an injunction that prevented the past administration from accessing the fund, a few days to the end of their tenure. Before the Assembly’s approval, Makinde noted that the state had begun repaying the loan despite being unable to access the fund.
He further explained that the Eruwa and Akufo farm settlements will serve as pilots schemes for the development of other seven farm settlements in Oyo State. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/oyo-assembly-lawmaker-others-induct-cifian-professional-members-in-abuja/ Oyo APC berates Makinde, Speaker over controversial N7.6b… I don’t own a single share in KAEDCO ― Namadi Sambo NNPC seals $2.5bn gas supply deal with NLNG Lagos conducts screening exercise for intending christian… “Today, we recorded another victory for our people as the Oyo State House of Assembly approved immediate access to N7.6B meant for the development of farm estates in Akufo and Eruwa farm settlements in Oyo State. “This brings a logical conclusion to a battle that took us from the judiciary to the legislature. Before assuming office in May 2019, I had applied to the Oyo State High Court to get an injunction restraining the previous administration from accessing these funds, a few days to the end of their tenure. “The previous administration borrowed the money from the CBN for the purchase of “agricultural equipment” which they wanted to purchase towards the end of their tenure. Oyo State has already started repaying this loan which we have been unable to access until now. “The farm estates will serve as pilots of our Private Public Development Partnership (PPDP) Farm Estates and will eventually generate funds to develop the other seven farm settlements in Oyo State. This is a deliberate plan aimed at creating sustainable development in the state,” Makinde said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!