United Nations Children Education Fund (UNICEF) in collaboration with an NGO, High Impact as well G4G have trained 144 girl-children on various levels of skills and educational programs to mark the 2019 International Day of the Girl child held in Bauchi. In the same vein, Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has sought for more investment in the Girl Child Education for sustainable, socio-economic development of the country. The UNICEF D Field Office, Bauchi Education Specialist, Miriam Dikwa stressed the need for parents to invest massively in the girl child education, saying it would help to shape their future positively. She also said that in order to Increase more enrollment of girls in school, UNICEF has trained 144 girls in different skills and carried out many interventions to encourage girls to complete their education. ALSO READ: BREAKING: How robbers broke into Royal Air Maroc plane at Lagos airport — FAAN Oyo APC berates Makinde, Speaker over controversial N7.6b… I don’t own a single share in KAEDCO ― Namadi Sambo NNPC seals $2.5bn gas supply deal with NLNG Lagos conducts screening exercise for intending christian… The Governor who spoke when he received no fewer than 2000 School girls at the Government House Bauchi, shortly after an advocacy march organised by UNICEF and State Universal Basic Education Board, (SUBEB) as part of activities to commemorate the 2019 Day of the Girl Child, lamented that denying girls education retards their future progress and that of the society and urged parents and stakeholders in the sector to give priority to female education. Represented by the Chief of Staff, Government House, Abubakar Kari, the Governor hampered on the need to invest massively in the education of female teenagers who are living in the transition from childhood to early adulthood. He further lamented that, rather than parents sending the girls to schools, they are sent into hawking or early marriage, adding that the education of the girl child is a priority of his administration as efforts are on to provide adequate finances and other logistic support for the promotion of girl child education. According to the Governor, his administration met on ground a backward system of education in the state that was begging for attention, saying that the educational sector of the state has received a lot of interventions that has reflected positively in the lives of children of school age. The girls later presented a letter of demand for better treatment to the Governor who promised to look into the demands and act where necessary. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!