Akure Federal High Court Judge, Justice Abdul Dogo, has regained his freedom five days after his abduction by gunmen along Ibilo axis of Edo/Isua Akoko. Dogo who was kidnapped alongside his driver while returning to Akure, Ondo State capital from Abuja in his black SUV with registration number HC 72 FJ was released by his abductors in the early hours of Saturday. The hoodlums were said to have crossed the road, shooting sporadically, forcing the driver to stop and the two victims were whisked away by the gunmen to the forest. The gunmen who kidnapped the Judge had earlier demanded for the sum of N50m as ransom to release Dogo and his driver but there was no information whether the ransom was paid before the two victims were released. The Ondo State Police Public Relations Officer, (PPRO) Mr. Femi Joseph, when contacted could not confirm the release of Dogo, saying the incident happened outside the state. Meanwhile, Ondo State governor, Mr. Rotimi Akeredolu on Saturday expressed gratitude to God for the release of the Justice Dogo. Align democratic process with culture, Oba of Benin urges… MURIC demands prosecution of FRSC officials over alleged… Police arrest Pastor accused of raping 15-year-old SS1… Jubilation as Sokoto community gets water after two years ALSO READ: Makinde’s govt moving Oyo from poverty to prosperity —Adeosun, Oyo SSG Akeredolu, in a statement signed by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Mr. Ojo Oyewamide, also commended the security for the timely rescue of the Judge. According to him, “the abduction of the Federal High Court Judge indeed marked another disturbing moment in the perennial cases of kidnap that have pervaded the country. “The development undoubtedly heightened fears and almost created uncertainty. But the early measures deployed by the Police, DSS and the Army on the heels of the ugly incident further rekindled hopes and confidence. “I specially commend the security agencies for the professional manner they handled the incident without fatalities. “They deserve our collective commendation and encouragement at all times even as every Nigerian has a responsibility to be part of the intelligence gathering process to combat crime and criminality.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!