The Nigerian Film Corporation (NFC) has hailed actress, Genevieve Nnaji on the listing of her movie, Lionheart, as the first Nigerian film to compete for the 2020 Oscar. Dr Chidia Maduekwe, NFC Managing Director, commended the actress in a statement signed by Brian Etuk, Head, Public Affairs and Intergovernmental Affairs at NFC) on Tuesday in Jos. NAN reports that the movie would be competing in the international feature film category. Maduekwe said the movie would spur other Nigerian filmmakers to aim for international recognition by improving their production quality. “The listing of Genevieve Nnaji’s Lionheart movie for the 2020 Oscar will definitely spur other Nigerian filmmakers to soar in the international film production space. ALSO READ: Nollywood and Nigerian music: Redefining the industry through digital distribution “I commend Nnaji for making Nigeria proud through her several years of superlative screen appearances and then lately, a Producer/Director,” he said. 2020 Oscars Award: Nigerian movie ‘Lionheart’… #BBNaija 2019: Cynthia applauds husband, congratulates Mercy Behind her mask set for Nigeria premiere in November,… Nigerian Afrobeat singer, Yemi Alade, up for Grammy Award… The NFC managing director assured that the corporation would continue to create an environment that would enable the film sector to thrive in Nigeria. Maduekwe also said that the NFC would sustain its domestic and foreign collaborations, to position Nigeria’s film sector to compete favourably in international competitions. He said such collaborations would be realised through the signing of co-production treaties and the provision of support structures for film production. ALSO READ: Movie industry would have gone into extinction but,… — Dele Odule According to him, stakeholders in motion picture and indeed, Nigerians, are happy with the Lionheart’s nomination. He described the listing as an indication of the leap Nigerian films had attained in the international motion picture circles. The managing director also said the listing of the movie was a recognition of the ingenuity and determination of Nigerian filmmakers to compete with their counterparts from other countries. NAN reports that Lionheart, which premiered at the 2018 Toronto International Film Festival, was acquired in the same year as one of the first Netflix original films to be produced in Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!