The wife of Zamfara State governor, Hajiya Aisha Bello Muhammad Matawalle, said she has prioritised the education of the orphans and other less-privileged children in the state Speaking during the enrolment of 42 children in the orphanage home of Maryam Institute of Science Academy, Gusau, Hajiya Aisha Bello Matawalle said Governor Bello Muhammad Matawalle has promised to donate half of his salary to take care of the children in the orphanage and properly educate them. Hajiya Aisha Bello Matawalle who was represented by the permanent secretary, ministry for women, children affairs and social development Hajiya Halima Muhammad Bungudu said the enrolment of the children was part of the plan by governor Bello Muhammad Matawalle to improve the living standard of the orphans in the state and to train them for better tomorrow. UNILORIN win 3rd JAMB tertiary institutions football tourney FG did not reject our offer to repair federal roads linking… Gowon harps on industrialisation to drive export Buhari charges new Odole Oodua, Kessington Adebutu on… “As you can see the welfare of this children is adequately being taken care of just last week we were at the graduation ceremony of one of them who memorized Holy Qur’an and this is part of our mission to adequately educate them and to mould their behaviour for a better society, ” she said. She said governor Bello Muhammad Matawalle had a deep concern about the welfare of orphans and other less privileged children in the state adding that he visited the orphanage home less than 72 hours after he was sworn in as governor. Speaking also the Special Adviser orphanage, Hajiya Madina Shehu said the well being of the orphans has greatly improved since the assumption of governor Bello Muhammad Matawalle into office. The governor’s wife has improved the health care delivery system and sanitation in house as we asked the orphans themselves to be telling us their demands and Hajiya Aisha Bello Muhammad Matawalle is always in touch with them, ” she added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....