Nigerian politicians irrespective of their political leanings have been rejoined to work together and secure Nigeria by contributing to solving the security challenges facing the country. Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege who made this call in Abuja at a national discourse on ‘Peace, Security, Unity and National Reconciliation’ meeting told politicians to stop politicising security issues and stressed the need for all hands to be on deck to proffer solutions. The event was organised by the Global Initiative for African Development (GIFA), a statement signed by Owede Agbajileke, Chief Press Secretary to the Deputy President of the Senate Ovie Omo-Agege stated. Represented by his Senior Special Assistant on Strategic Security, Col. Melvin Usman (rtd), the senator said: “Rather than brood and curse over these vices, let us join hands to proffer solutions. These vices are creations of men and as such the solutions cannot be above man. “As we know, internal security is mainly exclusive to the central government, and the President has stated that the federal government is addressing the issue with the governments of the states at all levels. For the states themselves, they can pursue policies that emphasise on those good things that bind us together and avoid those that tend to divide us. ALSO READ: Governor Yahaya vows to take Gombe out of darkness, receives taskforce report Niger water board generates N12m monthly ― Official 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools Igbo not ready for 2023 presidency ― Wabara Amidst protests, Nigerians mark independence anniversary in… “This should be the same for all types of groups in Nigeria, be they ethnic, religious, Civil Society Organisations, Non-Governmental Organisations, student groups and all other forms of pressure groups. Even with the private sector, it is a veritable form of social responsibility all over the world for business organisations to promote peace and security around them. It is only where there are peace and security that business can truly thrive”. He also called on the private sector to join hands with the government in tackling the issue through corporate social responsibilities. He expressed the willingness of the Ninth National Assembly to play its part by passing the necessary legislation to help tackle the challenges. “On our part in the National Assembly, we will continue to pay attention to your views and also legislate on those aspects of our existing laws where amendments are needed “New laws to address areas of lacunae will also be enacted as they are identified. I am now calling on us all to help identify such gaps,” he said. Earlier in his address of welcome, GIFAD Chairman, Dr Onwubuya Breakforth, pointed out that the challenges of insecurity should not be left in the hands of government alone but by collective efforts from all stakeholders. Breakforth maintained that Nigeria is the responsibility of all Nigerians and it behoves on all Nigerians to secure themselves by securing the country. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!