Nasarawa state accountant general, Zakka Yakubu, has called on the present administration to cut the cost of governance in the state. He made the call in an interview with newsmen on Friday in Lafia, saying in view of the current economic realities, it has become difficult for the state government to meet its obligations of prompt payment to workers salaries and pension. He added it would also enable the government to pay the backlog gratuity to retirees, provide infrastructure and other services. He pointed out ways to cut the cost of governance to includes; total overhaul of the system towards blocking leakages, proper placement of workers on grade level base on their qualification. He explained that a security man working in health facilities without the medical certificate is collecting medical salary structure higher than a graduate in other sectors. ALSO READ:Gombe ready to key into NLTP, other FG’s initiatives ― Inuwa Yahaya Yakubu also said that the government need to explore other means of boosting the internally generated revenue (IGR). Oyo APC berates Makinde, Speaker over controversial N7.6b… I don’t own a single share in KAEDCO ― Namadi Sambo NNPC seals $2.5bn gas supply deal with NLNG Lagos conducts screening exercise for intending christian… “The current revenue rate being used is what was inherited from Plateau State and is not tandem with the current economic realities. “For instance, imagine producing the market receipt at the cost of N100 and issuing the same for N20 based on the law. “This does not make economic sense, it’s better the receipts were not printed at all,” Yakubu added. The AG also refuted the news in some quarters attributed to him that he wanted to downsize in the salaries of civil servants in the state. The AG noted that when they were invited by the House of Assembly Committee on Finance and Appropriation, he called for a cut in the governance in its entirety, but not cut in the worker’s salaries. He explained that he is conversant with labour law and labour relationship and there is no way he would call for a cut in the worker’s salaries. “I am also a civil servant and a financial expert, therefore, I cannot advocate for a reduction in the worker’s salaries,” the AG added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!