Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara has approved the payment of N60 million counterpart funds to key into the World Bank-funded Community and Social Development Projects (CSDP). A statement by the governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Mr Rafiu Ajakaye, on Sunday in Ilorin, said the funding would attract development to the rural areas of the state. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the payment would enable the Kwara State Community and Social Development Agency (KWCDA) to carry out people-oriented projects in rural communities. ALSO READ: Security beefed up as Bauchi Election Petition Tribunal set to deliver judgement Security beefed up as Bauchi Election Petition Tribunal set… #SexForGrades: UNILAG, Ghana varsity lecturers exposed in… BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… NAN also reports that Kwara would access over N1 billion to implement micro-projects in various communities that express interest and pay 10 per cent of the cost of the project to be sited there. Ajakaye said each community can benefit up to N10 million project in the areas of health, education, water supply, environment, infrastructure, and gender/vulnerable group project empowerment. “In addition, vulnerable and physically challenged are to benefit from micro-projects to be implemented through access to funds. This will help through skills acquisitions and support with tools for the operation,” he said. Ajakaye disclosed that the CSDP was different from the multi-billion Naira Rural Access and Agricultural Marketing Project for which the governor had paid the first tranche of N200 million counterpart fund. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!