As part of the Association of Telecommunication Companies of Nigeria’s (ATCON) mandate to continuously advocate for the development of the Nigerian telecoms industry through research and innovation and pro-active engagement of both the regulators and operators in the industry, the association has concluded plans to embark on an evaluation exercise of the Nigerian telecoms industry. The exercise is expected to cover between 2015 and 2019. “It is important that we emphasise the fact that the Nigerian telecommunications sector has gone through a lot of structural changes since it was liberalised many years ago. “As a forward-looking and proactive association in this space, it prides itself on the protection of the investment already made, and we are working very hard to further increase the level of investment that is attracted to the industry through research and development. BREAKING: Protest rocks Bayelsa community as ‘plot to… Smile Nigeria rewards subscribers with new SmiFi, router… YahClick, iSAT partner at NigeriaCom Digital firm, Wild Fusion, named by US-based research agency… LG blazes trail with voice recognition app for smart home… “Some of the principal reasons that inform the evaluation of the Nigerian telecoms industry are to showcase policy improvements and innovations during the period under review and its attendant results. “First is to understudy the sector viz-a-viz challenges limiting the growth and development of the sector in the period under review and to make concerted efforts towards proffering sustainable solutions to all identified challenges. “Again, there is the need to work towards attaining the newly set broadband target and to encourage further local and foreign investments into the sector by demonstrating untapped opportunities in the sector,” a statement from ATCON stated. According to the statement, the proposed strategic industry evaluation by ATCON is expected to centre on areas such as the contribution of regulators to broadband penetration, through enabling policies and the holistic review of the regulatory environment, as well as operators’ contributions through sponsored infrastructure among others. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.