Contactors operating with the Ekiti State government have denied the accusation that they were behind the petition leading to the freezing of the operational accounts of the State Universal Basic Education Board((SUBEB) by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). The group under the auspices of Ekiti SUBEB Contractors Association said though the board was hugely indebted to members on contracts executed, but insisted that would not influence their decision to petition the anti-graft agency. Acting on a petition a few weeks back, operatives of the EFCC, had reportedly placed restriction order on SUBEB accounts to allow for investigation over allegation of breach of regulations guiding the board. The development had allegedly fueled insinuation that the contractors handling some projects and who have not been paid or mobilised by SUBEB was responsible for the petition. Speaking with newsmen on Friday, the Chairman of the association, Mr Adeleye Bankole clarified that his members could not have been responsible for the petition written against the board citing alleged cases of violation of financial regulations in its operations. ALSO READ: Group donates luxury yacht to Maritime University in Delta Ghana president, first lady thrilled at FOCOS charity for… Facebook removes coordinated fake accounts in Nigeria, UAE,… Facebook launches Threads from Instagram, new camera-first… Nigeria Customs Service explains reason for operation at… Bankole said regrettably, his members are the greatest victims of the EFCC’s accounts closure order, saying the directive to various banks transacting businesses with SUBEB, had hindered payments on projects executed. Bankole said, ” Does it appeal to common sense for one to be writing petitions against an agency that is feeding someone and which we feel has been transparent enough in its dealings? “We are the greatest victims. We borrowed to execute projects and we have not been paid . As we speak, we are still owing our creditors which makes a double burden to us. “Such petitions can’t emanate from critical stakeholders like us, because we need to work with Governor Kayode Fayemi to be able to revive education at the primary level. What do we stand to gain from trying to destroy an institution that is feeding us and which we feel has been transparent enough? “We appeal to Governor Fayemi to intervene in the SUBEB issue and change the ugly narratives and rescue contractors from huge debt. “We are most concerned about this development because it has to do with the future of our children as well. SUBEB must be allowed to operate effectively, because it deals with the foundation of education,” he said. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.