Nigeria is competing with 92 other countries for the 2020 Oscars Academy Awards’ Best International Feature Film, the organisers said on their official website, Oscars.org. Screen diva Genevieve Nnaji’s directorial debut, ‘Lion Heart’, is the Nigerian selection for the 2020 Oscars in that category. The movie was premiered at the 2018 Toronto International Film Festival and was acquired on Sept. 7, 2018, as the first Netflix original film produced in Nigeria. Since the inauguration of Nigeria Oscars Selection Committee in 2014, this is the first time Nigeria is advancing a film to the Oscars as\previous entries did not meet basic criteria. ‘Lion Heart’ is a 2018 Nigerian drama film that featured some Nigerian movie icons like Pete Edochie, Nnaji, Nkem Owoh, and music icon,  Onyeka  Onwenu. ALSO READ: Oscars 2017: Celebrities get busy for red carpet groove NFC hails Genevieve’s Lionheart movie in Nigeria’s… #BBNaija 2019: Cynthia applauds husband, congratulates Mercy Behind her mask set for Nigeria premiere in November,… Nigerian Afrobeat singer, Yemi Alade, up for Grammy Award… The Oscars Academy announced the full list of eligible films and countries on Monday, with Ghana, Nigeria, and Uzbekistan competing for the first time in the category, which was previously known as the best foreign-language film category. High-profile entries include South Korea’s ‘Parasite,’ Bong Joon Ho’s black comedy which won the Palme d’Or at the Cannes Film Festival; Spain’s ‘Pain and Glory’ from Pedro Almodovar. Japan’s ‘Weathering With You,’ the country’s first animated entry since ‘Princess Mononoke’, and Senegal’s ‘Atlantics’ from director Mati Diop, winner of the Grand Prix at Cannes made the list. Also, France’s ‘Les Miserables’; the UK’s ‘The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind,’ from Chiwetel Ejiofor; and Norway’s ‘Out Stealing Horses,’ starring Stellan Skarsgard are in the category. The previous high for submissions was 92 in 2017 and a total of 87 films were submitted in 2018. The shortlist of 10 films will be announced on Dec. 16, while the nominations for the 92nd Oscars will be announced on Jan. 13, 2020. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!