Old students of the Oke-Ado High School, Ibadan, in the Ibadan South West local government area of Oyo State, have handed over a modern toilet facility to the management of the school for use of both teachers and students. Called Pentaneer group, the group of old students, is made up of the first five sets of the school established in 1980 during the administration of late Bola Ige. Speaking at the commissioning ceremony, the coordinator of the old students, Chief Adesina Olatunji-Aresa, said that the 14-room toilet/urinary project was constructed at the cost of about N2.3 million, adding that the project was implemented to complement efforts of the state government. Chief Olatunji-Aresa, who was full of appreciation to members of the group for their individual donations towards the completion of the project, said that such projects as rehabilitation of block of classrooms and provision of 30 sets of chairs and lockers had also been embarked upon and completed by the old students. He said that such programmes like career development activities and provision of infrastructural facilities would be carried out in collaboration with the school management in the nearest future in the spirit of public private partnership. ALSO READ:  FRSC set for full implementation of new number plates, driver’s license He also said that motives behind the development project were to give back to society in appreciation of free secondary education which the old students enjoyed during Bola Ige administration and to ultimately improve upon learning and teaching environment in the school. He also said that the handing over ceremony was organized to coincide with the retirement of the school principal, Mrs T.O Kalesanwo, in honour of her hard work. Some of the old students, who gave pep talks to the students during the event. Mr Ademisiku Shyllon, Felix Oyakhamor, Abiola Azeez, among others, said that sound and quality education remains a lasting legacy to ensure greater future of the country, adding that the group planned to continue to contribute to the educational development of the school. The people charged the students to be diligent and committed in their studies in order to be responsible citizens in the country. “There is no short cut to greatness in life. You need to be focused and determined to be great in life. Don’t limit yourself to a particular dream. For you, young girls, keep your dignity and womanhood intact. Don’t be distracted. Make hays while the sun shines. Life is full of competition. Be serious,” they said. Also speaking, the school principal, Mrs Kalesanwo, who lamented past experiences by teachers and students of the school before completion of the toilet project, praised efforts of the old students for the project, saying that the facility would in no small measure improve on hygienic and quality health care in the school. The modern toilet facility, connected to a water tank, consisted of separate two toilets for male and female teachers as well as those of male and female students with two urinaries. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.