Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed was among many other people who attended the funeral prayers of the late Hajiya Aishatu popularity known as Jummai Balewa, the last wife of the late former Prime Minister of Nigeria, Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa. The funeral prayer conducted by the Chief Imam of Bauchi Central Mosque, Bala Baban Inna at the Emir’s palace, Bauchi also had in attendance, Speaker, State House of Assembly, Alhaji Abubakar Y. Sulaiman, Emirs of Bauchi, Katagum, Misau, Ninigi and Dass as well as other top government officials. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Last wife of Nigeria’s former PM Tafawa-Balewa is dead Shortly after the funeral prayers, special prayers for the deceased was conducted and led by the Chief Imam of Bauchi, Imam Bala Baban Innah. The governor had earlier announced, “with a heavy heart and total submission to the will of Allah, the death of the wife of the late Prime Minister, Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa.” ALSO READ: JUST IN: Remains of Jummai Balewa arrive in Bauchi While leading other dignitaries on condolence, Senator Bala Mohammed used the medium to recall the active participation and contributions of the late Prime Minister to the Nigeria project in addition to his tremendous contributions and sacrifices made to keep Nigeria as one indivisible and united country. Governor Bala Mohammed on behalf of the government and people of Bauchi State commiserated with the families of the late Prime Minister and described her death as a great loss not only to her immediate family members but to the people of the state and Nigeria in general. The governor prayed that Allah will forgive her shortcomings, bless what she left behind,  grant her Aljanna Firdausi and give her family, the people of Bauchi  State and the entire nation the fortitude to bear the loss. It will be recalled that the deceased died on Sunday, 27th October 2019 in a Lagos hospital at the age of 85 years after a protracted illness and left behind eight children and many grandchildren. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!