The International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) has appointed Nigeria’s Engineer, Charles Irikefe Erhueh, a safety investigator with Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) Nigeria, as the new Commissioner of the Banjul Accord Group Accident Investigation Agency (BAGAIA). Erhueh was picked after a thorough recruitment process in which various applicants from within and outside the member states applied for the advertised position. The BAGAIA is coordinated by ICAO to assist its member states, comprising seven West African States namely Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Cape Verde and Sierra Leone, in the conduct of the independent investigation of aircraft accidents and serious incidents in compliance with international standards. With headquarters in Cape Verde, the agency also promotes the use of a common set of regulations compliant with the provisions of Annex 13 to the Chicago Convention by its member states. This includes regulations for the protection of safety data with the purpose of accident prevention. Nigeria has been playing a leading role in the establishment of the sub-regional body, although, it is the only well established and properly equipped accident investigation body in the region. According to Commissioner, AIB, “We are pleased to release Charles Irikefe Erhueh, one of our well-trained safety investigators to serve at BAGAIA. At AIB Nigeria, we have been investing massively in human capacity development and it is our joy to share this with the aviation industry in Africa and the world. We are happy that he was picked out of several people that applied for the job. Global shipping charges to rise from December 2019 IMF backs Nigeria on border closure, urges speedy resolution… N500, N1000 denominations most commonly counterfeited… Niger Delta remains hotbed for global maritime insecurity ―… ALSO READ:  APEN conference targets 2030 global classroom “The setting up of BAGAIA is a plus for aviation safety in the West African sub-region and Nigeria has been playing a frontline role to see to its smooth take off. We shall do everything within our powers to support this body with a view to ensuring that it discharges its responsibility effectively.” Erhueh, an indigene of Delta State, holds a Bachelor of Engineering degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering from Federal University of Technology, Minna, a certificate in Aircraft Engineering Special (AES-VII) from the Nigerian College of Aviation Technology (NCAT) and a post-graduate certificate in Safety and Accident Investigation (Air Transport) from the Cranfield University, England, United Kingdom. He also holds an Aircraft Maintenance Engineering licence (AMEL), a Cabin Crew Licence B737-200 and has undergone various training in aircraft accident investigation. Erhueh currently works as an Air Safety Investigator with Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB), Nigeria, which he joined on the 1st of November 2006 as one of its pioneer staff. He has successfully investigated several accidents and serious incidents in his over twelve years of work experience in the aviation industry and has a good knowledge of Global Aviation Safety Plan. The new BAGAIA Commissioner is a Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) and a member of Council for the Regulation of Engineering in Nigeria (COREN). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!