Following the dissolution of the administrative council of the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), Oyo State council and the subsequent ban on the activities of the union by the state government, a three-man committee, has united all the factional leaders. The three-man committee, headed by the National Deputy General-Secretary of the union, Comrade Kayode Agbeyangi; Secretary, Alhaji Musa Sulaiman and the Chairman, South-West zone, Mr Lekan Salami, brought members of the factions together, where they pledged to be one. The Commissioner for Works and Transport, Professor Raphael Afonja, represented the Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, at the parley which held on Friday, September 27, at the conference room of the ministry, while various factions of the union attended. UPDATE: Court grants Sowore N100m bail, Bakare, N50m Six factional groups, Alhaji Abideen Olajide (Ejiogbe), Alhaji Lamidi Mukaila (Auxilary), Mr Lateef Opeyemi, Alhaji Abass Amolese, Mr A. Oloruntobi and Alhaji Waheed Adeoyo factions participated in the meeting. Police arraign former NITDA DG over alleged N50m contract… LAUTECH denies workers’ strike, inducts 38 new medical… Monarch dragged to court for  alleged threat to life Minimum wage: Disregard Ngige, Timi Frank,   TUC advised… The groups were educated on the need for discipline among members, while also being obedient to the union’s constitution and law of the land. Comrade Agbeyangi then led the group leaders in signing an undertaken with Oyo State government and the national body of the union that they would be law-abiding while carrying out their activities. After the four-day meeting, the factional leaders expressed gratitude to the national president of the union, Professor Tajudeen Ibikunle Baruwa, for taking time to negotiate on their behalf with the state government. They also thanked the state governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, for his magnanimous approach in dealing with the NURTW issue, and not imposing any candidate on the union, saying this had made it easy for members to reconcile. Also present at the meeting were security operatives from Nigeria Police Force, Nigerian Army, Department of State Services (DSS), State Investigation Bureau, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, among others. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!