THE Nigerian Gas Association (NGA) has urged the Federal Government to leverage natural gas to create transformative change across various sectors and spheres of industry. According to recent statistics shared by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation Research Department, Nigeria’s proven natural gas reserve went up to 202 trillion cubic feet (tcf) from the initial figures in the past decades, steadily elevating the country’s capacity reserves to those of countries like Iran, Qatar, and Russia. Speaking to Nigerian Tribune on the activities earmarked to celebrate the association’s contribution to national development in the last two decades of its existence, Mrs Audrey Joe-Ezigbo, National President, Nigerian Gas Association, stated that “Natural gas is that one singular resource Nigeria can leverage to create transformative change across various sectors and spheres of industry. As the NGA, we have worked resolutely over the past 20 years to foster a legal, regulatory and policy landscape for gas that is attractive to participants and investors, with the attendant multiplier benefits to the nation at large.” Since inception, the NGA has carried on its commitment to effectively champion the competitiveness and effective utilisation of natural gas by promoting sound policy development, capacity development and best practices towards optimising the economics of the entire gas chain while emphasising environmental protection and safety. Ambode drags Lagos assembly, speaker, others to court Paucity of funds hampering completion of our modular… Pacegate’s steel drum production capacity reaches 5,000 per… DPR to approve trucks with tracking device for safer roads Corporate governance code: Oil marketers pledge compliance On his part, the Publicity Secretary of NGA, Mr Violin Antaih, said “With over two decades of consistent and progressive advocacy drive, NGA has earned the pride of place as the flagship voice in the gas industry, worthy of celebration. “Having successfully initiated several industry-changing gas policies, viable gas projects and transnational deals through its distinguished members, the association is poised to break new grounds in uplifting the gas industry and positioning natural gas as the energy fuel of choice for the nation’s economic and industrial revolution.” Through its many corporate member organisations in Nigeria, NGA covers all aspects of the Nigerian gas industry. Continually promoting industry dialogue and information sharing on industry best practices and latest technological advances, the NGA has consistently organised biennial international conferences and exhibitions that position the organisation for continued impact and industry relevance. The association said it had secured the support of NLNG, the Lagos State Ministry of Energy, Shell companies in Nigeria, Axxela Limited, Anoh Gas Processing Company, Aiteo Group, Nigerian Gas Company (NGC), Falcon Corporation, Frontier Oil Limited, and a host of other stakeholders including government officials and captains of industries. Founded in 1999 by a few industry giants at the time, such as the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), the Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC), the Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas Limited (NLNG), Chevron Nigeria Limited, the Nigerian Gas Company (NGC), Elf Petroleum(now Total E&P Nigeria Limited), Mobil Producing Nigeria, the Nigerian Agip Oil Company (NAOC) and Conoco Energy Nigeria Limited, the Nigerian Gas Association has evolved to a more diverse yet formidable body of over 124 corporate members and 2125 individual members working with a vision to improve the nation’s economy through the optimal maximization of its abounding Natural Gas reserves.  Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!