Elder statesman and Chieftain of the Pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, has said the group has no business in the current travails of Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, but warned that any treatment that will be melted on him should be in line with the country’s constitution. Adebanjo who stated this while speaking on the travails of the Vice President noted that the issue is “APC problem” but stressed that the nation’s number two man must not be ridiculed in the process. Speaking during the 78th birthday celebration of Chief Segun Adegoke, a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Board of Trustees and former commissioner in the state,  Adebanjo said “Osinbajo problem is APC problem. I’m not one of those who approved his appointment. Those who appointed him wants to remove him. “I didn’t take part in his appointment. They say who hires can fire. I’m not privy to his appointment. “All I’ll warn Buhari is that whatever treatment you give to Osinbajo must be constitutional. We are in a constitutional country. He must not treat Osinbajo as if he wants to ridicule him. While speaking on the 2023 election, the Afenifere chieftain advocated for a total overhauling of the Nigerian constitution, saying that it is the only way to guarantee equity and fairness for the country’s top job among other regions aside from the north. “Until this constitution is changed. There is nothing we need in this country now is to change the constitution. #NigeriaAt59: Nigerians must be optimistic for greater… #NigeriaAt59: Don’t be despaired, Lawan tells… Wamakko calls for support with Buhari in moving to next… #NigeriaAt59: Amnesty Nigeria makes eight-point call on FG “Anybody deceiving himself about the presidency is yielding to the dictatorship and autocracy of Buhari. “I don’t deceive myself, the west can never be president and if it is true that you want to keep Nigeria as one, it is fair and equitable to ensure a region of a country, a supposed federation of Nigeria. ALSO READ: NigeriaAt59: We will observed Nov 16 as national holiday to honour Zik’s input ― Obiano tells Buhari “The west has had its turn, the south-south has had, the north has had, while are you excluding the east. I don’t talk of any rotation until this constitution is changed” Meanwhile, Chief Adebanjo has eulogized Chief Adegoke for sticking with ideologies of Chief Obafemi Awolowo but noted that politics of issues is gradually eroding from the present political generation. He also disclosed that “It is the ideology of Awolowo that I’m fanatical with. I was a Zikist before I became an Awoist. I have been a Zikist since I’ve been in secondary school, since 1949. I’m an ardent follower and ardent reader of the West African Pilot. “But the separation between me and Azikiwe came when Chief Awolowo came with federalism when Chief Awolowo now explained what federalism is in a heterogeneous society like Nigeria. I was convinced of the content of what federalism stands for and about the utility in the context of Nigeria” Present at the event where a book titled ‘Politics of Ideology and Politics of People’ was launched by the celebrant were the Afenifere’s Secretary-General, Seinde Arogbofa, the National Vice Chairman of the PDP (south-west), Eddy Olafeso, Ondo PDP Chairman, Clement Faboyede, Chief Sola Ebiseni among others. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.