The 28th edition of Bowen University convocation, Iwo, in Osun State, has been slated for Saturday. The university is expected to present not less than 868 students drawn from  the College of Agriculture, Engineering and Sciences; College of Computing  and Communication Studies; College of Health Sciences; College of Law; College of Liberal Studies; College of Management and Social Sciences and  College of Post Graduate Studies, who have  completed their academic programmes in their  different  departments of the university. 56 of the graduates will bag the university’s First Class honour,  while 302 will receive the Second Class Upper Division honour. Tribune  Online also gathered that the institution will confer its honorary degree on the  President of African Development Bank, Dr Akinwumi Adesina, who is expected to deliver  this year’s convocation lecture, titled: “Africa’s Future: Positioning University to Nurture and Develop Entrepreneurial Initiatives” Addressing the pressmen  on Monday at a press conference organised to mark this year’s convocation, the Vice-Chancellor of the institution, Professor Joshua Ogunwole,  stated that, as part of the academic progress of the university, his administration has established a collaboration with the State University of Virginia, United State of  America and the National Space Research and Development Agency (NASRDA)  for the development of  Supper Dual Equatorial Radar Network (Supper-DERN) system to aid the studies of atmospheric physics and monitor the equator. Revenue generating agencies don’t remit most revenues… FG orders evacuation of inmates in Kogi prison over flood Budget defence: Senators angry with Fashola, snub Minister… IPPIS: Centralisation of payroll invalidates university… ALSO READ: Budget defence: Senators angry with Fashola, snub Minister of State According to him, the project is going to be the first Super-Dern  facility to monitor the whole of the lower latitude, he added that Global Positioning System has already been mounted, the first  of its kind in the world to measure scintillation and Total Electron He said: “ Let me inform you that in the area of infrastructural development, we have complied with the twenty-first-century approach to technologically driven infrastructure.  In this light, the university will commission a  smart card entry 288-bed space hostel during this convocation ceremony. “Our mission is centered on creating conducive and dynamic teaching, learning and research environment that equips our graduates with christ-like character, positive attitude and sterling leadership qualities. “We are not producing graduates that will be looking for white-collar job, but we  have the ability to  create job, or provide services that will be of high demand both in local and global  markets,  through our entrepreneurial tertiary education  In this regard, Bowen University has zero tolerance for anything that will malign it’s the mission and vision statement.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!