The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), supporters in Obosi community in  Idemili North local government area of Anambra state, went on wide jubilation, following the victory of Rep. Obinna Chidoka at Court of Appeal. TribuneOnline learnt that Court of Appeal sitting in Enugu on Tuesday, October 29, 2019, ordered the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC),  to issue Certificate of Return to Hon. Obinna Chidoka of PDP as the genuine winner of Feb.23 election for Idemili North/South Federal Constituency of Anambra state. The court equally directed INEC to withdraw from House of Representative Member representing Idemili North and Idemili South Constituency, Hon Ifeanyi Ibezi of All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA), the certificate earlier issued to him. When the news filtered into the Obosi community, Hon. Chidoka country hometown on Tuesday about 11:30 am, PDP supporters were seen singing victory songs in front of St. Andrew’s Anglican Church Obosi near Rep. Chidoka’s resident. Some were seen at a junction leading to Iweka road, while people were by sighted in drinking joints at Umuota, and Ire singing pro-Chidoka’s songs while carrying jubilation drinks. ALSO READ: Parents should watch children’s activities ― Lagos anti-cultism unit Speaking to our correspondent on the judgement, the state chairman of the People Democratic Party (PDP), Mr Ndubuisi Nwobu, said supporters of the party, not only in Obosi but the entire Anambra state were happy over the Appeal Court victory of Hon. Chidoka. Anambra South: Uba’s dynasty shattered, says Amachree,… Gov Bello in Kabba, assures Kogites of more development… Arik airline capable of national carrier status ― AMCON MD 2023: I’m vindicated on South-West Presidency, says… He said this is a victory for democracy. From day one as a party, we had always said that the Feb.23 2019 result was sacrosanct and that there was a winner in Idemili North and South Federal Constituency Election. “We equally knew that what the lower tribunal did on the matter was a miscarriage of justice and today God has vindicated the justice”, he said. Nwobu who urged politicians to always respect the sanctity of the ballot box noted that what happened was a sure way to strengthen the nation’s democracy. He urged the party’s supporters to rejoice over Chidoka’s victory, saying the development has added greater impetus to the PDP quest for taking over of power in Anambra come 2021. One of the youths sighted singing, who simply identified himself as Chinedu, said he was happy that justice finally came on Chidoka’s election after Feb.23 poll. “I was at the Obosi collation centre when the shooting that resulted in the death of one of the twins killed took place. “We all knew that what played out that day was the height of injustice, but with the outcome of the Court of Appeal on Tuesday in Enugu state, we are consoled,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!