The Nigerian Society of Engineers (NSE) has blamed the incessant cases of building collapses in Nigeria on the poor quality of materials. This was disclosed by the chairman NSE, Awka branch, Anambra state, Engineer Martin Agbili during NSE Awka Branch Annual Workshop and Induction of new members held in Awka Anambra state on Saturday. Agbili who spoke to newsmen on the sideline said, that NSE was worried about the incessant cases of the collapsed buildings in the country, and its findings revealed that major cause was poor imported building materials. He said most building materials in Nigeria are lacking in quality standard. He said, disturbed by the ugly incidences, NSE Awka branch chose the theme for the workshop ” As Case for Standardisation of Measurements in Engineering Process’. ALSO READ: NIWA demolishes shanties around Iddo waterfront in Lagos Apprehension in Bayelsa PDP as Diri appears before CCB on… Over 60,000 wrote TRCN qualifying Examination ― Registrar Ekiti secures over $100m for airport, three other projects Egg day: Animal Care unveils 3 innovations in egg branding He added that the professional body was strategizing to partner Standard Organisation of Nigeria SON to fight substandard building materials in the country. In their separate speech, the Anambra state commissioner for Utilities/Water Resources, Engineer Emeka Ezenwanne and the Publicity Secretary of NSE, Awka branch, Engineer Ajegwu Fimber said that government need to tighten its policies against substandard materials in the country. According to them, one major challenge the NSE is facing in the country is the poor quality of building materials. “You hardly get quality building materials in the market,” he said. They also stated that NSE would be coming up with modules to address the menace of erosion in the country, saying that they may have technological challenges. They equally called on the government to stop encouraging non-professionals in the construction of projects in the country as they patronise substandard materials. “Poor building materials and engagement of non-professional in project execution are major causes of building and structural collapse in the country,” they explained. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!