Spiritual Father and chairman of the Cherubim and Seraphim Movement Church, Most Reverend Samuel Abidoye, has cautioned against empty promises by successive Nigeria governments. Speaking with journalists ahead of the 79th international conference/convention of the church at its headquarters, Galilee Land, Orile Igbon on Wednesday, the octogenarian cleric warned of wrath of God associated with making empty promises. “In the past years even before the advent of this administration, there had been bundles of promises by these various administrations at the federal, state and local government levels which had always turned out to be empty promises. “Such empty promises include making life more comfortable for the citizenry, providing adequate security, provision of potable water, job creation, providing uninterrupted electricity and job security, especially for the teeming youth, good roads, providing quality education and adequate health care delivery, among others. Time will not permit me to breakdown these problems for you to know that they were mere and unfulfilled promises,” he said. The spiritual father also urged the three tiers of government to vigorously embark on dry season irrigation farming to further boost food production in the country. Prophet Abidoye also called on the government to take bold step on how to adequately preserve agricultural produces to avoid waste especially after being harvested so that there would be food all year round. The spiritual father noted that Nigerians should not be starving if agriculture had really been accorded the right priority. OCP joins World Business Council for sustainable development Buhari, Putin to strengthen Nigeria-Russia relations Nigeria ranks highest among countries with burden of sickle… UPDATE: FEC okays April 18 as take-off date for new minimum… ALSO READ: We retrieved stolen UK, US banks’ credit card info from Naira Marley’s iPhone, laptop ― EFCC He commiserated with various communities and individuals affected by flood across the country and implored government to take decisive steps towards guiding against such occurrence especially those that are avoidable in the subsequent years. Prophet Abidoye called on the Federal Government to address the issue of security affecting the nation among others. The spiritual father also called for the relaxation of some economic policies such as VAT, the re-introduction of toll gate and unfavourable banking policies among others. He commended the National Assembly members in reverting to the old system of budgeting and implementation starting from January to December annually. Prophet Abidoye called its full and sincere implementation after its passage to bring smiles on the faces of Nigerians. The spiritual father noted that this year’s conference is themed “Web of glory” and would feature ordination of over one thousand members as special apostle, lectures and special prayers for the nation among other activities. The conference will start on the third of November and end on the tenth of the same month at Galilee Land. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!