THE governorship candidate of the Grassroots Development Party of Nigerian (GDPN) Dele Bello-Williams has said that some people are after his life and that of the Chairman of the party. This was contained in a press statement issued on Friday by the  Campaign Manager, Mr Steve Nwafor which was made available to Nigerian Tribune in Lokoja. The statement read thus, “Information reaching the Dele Bello-Williams Campaign Team reveals that there is a plot by a major opposing party to thwart the campaign of the Dele Bello-Williams with the use of violence. “As a matter of fact, during a phone conversation with our party Chairman in the State this morning, he confirmed that he has been receiving calls from people threatening his life and that of his family, this has caused the party chairman to relocate his family away from Lokoja to an undisclosed location for safety. Gov Abiodun constitutes 51- man governor’s elders… Nationwide strike: FG hurriedly shifts meeting with labour… Society disadvantaged without girl child education ― Oyo SSG Legislative agenda: Buhari tasks NASS on good legislations ALSO READ: Nationwide strike: FG hurriedly shifts meeting with labour forward “We, therefore, call on the police, SSS, IGP to beef up security in Kogi state, because some of the contenders in the forthcoming polls would go to any length to cause mayhem as we approach the November 16 Kogi state governorship elections. “As a Nigerian who is constitutionally allowed to contest elective positions, Dele Bello-Williams also calls upon President Muhammadu Buhari to please use his prestigious office to ensure that there is peaceful coexistence in Kogi State and protect him and his supporters from the murderous thugs being sponsored by some contestants for the Kogi election. “Lastly, we wish to reiterate that Dele Bello-Williams, the flag-bearer for the Grassroots Development Party of Nigeria is a peaceful person, but resolute in his determination to bring good governance to the people of the great confluence State of Kogi, and as such, will not be cowered by these threats. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!