Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola has described the death of an elder statesman and former Alliance for Democracy (AD) leader in the Senate, Senator Mojisoluwa Akinfenwa, as not only devastating but another loss to the family of the progressives in Nigeria. The governor, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Ismail Omipidan, commiserated with his immediate family in particular and the progressives’ family in general, saying the late elder statesman died at a time his wise counsel and political experiences were needed most in the polity. “Baba Akinfenwa’s death was not only devastating but another loss to the progressives’ family. But as a people, we are consoled by the fact that he ran a good race while he was alive. “As a professional teacher, who was interested in entrenching the progressive ideology in his area under the then old Oyo State, late Akinfenwa joined the Action Group (AG) Youth Association early in life and did well in promoting and propagating the ideals of the progressives. “When he eventually had the opportunity to serve in public office, first as a commissioner and later as a lawmaker, the late Akinfenwa gave a good account of himself as a true disciple of the late Chief Bola Ige, another icon of the progressives. Niger water board generates N12m monthly ― Official 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools Igbo not ready for 2023 presidency ― Wabara Amidst protests, Nigerians mark independence anniversary in… ALSO READ: Date for Oyo NURTW election yet to be fixed ― Committee Chair “My deep condolences go to the entire family, the progressives as well as the entire state. He will be sorely missed. I pray for the peaceful repose of his soul and I pray God to give all of us the courage and fortitude to bear this irreplaceable loss,” Oyetola added. Meanwhile, former governor of Osun State, Chief Bisi Akande has expressed shock over the demise of Akinfenwa, saying he was shattered by the development. In a tribute to Akinfenwa, Akande said: “I feel shocked, sad and shattered to learn about the sudden death of Senator Mojisoluwa Akinfenwa – a longtime friend of mine since the formation of the Awolowo’s Unity Party of Nigeria (UPN). Akinfenwa, among others, led the UPN into victory in Ijesaland. “Akinfenwa and I first met as members of the old Oyo State Executive Committee of the Unity Party of Nigeria (UPN) in January 1979 and, later, we became close friends within the Cabinet of Chief Bola Ige’s government of Oyo State formed in October of that year. He was a most hard-working Commissioner for Education in the old Oyo State. Since then, the bond of our friendship has been very strong at each other’s family level.” How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!