One of the most controversial topics with regards to education in Nigeria today and indeed the world is on the place of mobile phones in the classrooms. There have been voices for and against, albeit the voices against seem louder than those in support. But are mobile phones so dangerous in learning settings that they be completely outlawed? This is the question that will be examined in this article The mobile phone is arguably the best thing that was invented in the 20th century after the internet. Since the beginning of the 21st century, a standard mobile phone has gone from simply being a two way pager to being a mobile phone, a GPS navigation device, a web surfer, a planner, a networking device, a mobile video player, a weather advisor, an instant messaging client, a reference material and a dynamic learning tool. In the field of education, when carefully and effectively deployed, mobile technology can be the difference between fast learners and their struggling counterparts. In the hands of a learner, it goes beyond a mere instrument of distraction. It can morph into a tool of classroom participation, a resource material to complete assignments, a test taking device and an instrument of instructional engagement. Yet mobile phones are not beneficial to students alone. For teachers, a simple telephone can go a long way in eliminating stress associated with manual work, improving turnaround times and overall efficiency. In the hands of a versatile teacher, a mobile phone can be a lesson planner, a resource bank, a test creation tool, a test grader and a report generator. Research has shown that students continually find ways to sneak their mobile devices into the classroom even in schools where phones are banned. Therefore, rather than outright banning the use of mobile phones in the classrooms, teachers can simply engage learners with them. Virtual classrooms can be created online. Platforms like social media groups, Microsoft Sways, Blogs and Wikis can get teachers and learners interacting even away from the confines of the classroom and make instruction an ongoing process. So after the elections Smoking habit among youths Nigeria’s bourgeoning population fuels child malnutrition NURTW:  How not to slip into security abyss in Oyo State Beyond fostering teacher-student interactions, mobile phones can be used for test and assessment purposes. There is a plethora of test creation resources online that can be accessed by phone. Thatquiz, Proprofs, ClassMarker, Microsoft Forms, Google Forms, these are just a few names in test creation technology designed for educators. For the teacher, his mobile phone becomes a test creation tool while for the learners it becomes a test taking device. Mobile phones in the hand of learners are not without its demerits. Top of this list is the tendency of mobile devices to distract learners from actual learning. There is a high probability that when learning is ongoing, some students may be online chatting with their friends, watching a movie or listening to music. Disruptions and interruptions of learning can occur when students’ phone ring. Students may visit pornographic sites and so on. Yet all these can successfully be managed by a capable teacher. Mobile phones should be treated like every other learning material; to be put away until they are required. Schools should go out of their way to provide storage space for students’ effects to prevent incidences of theft. Ibraheem Agbaje, Lagos State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!