Chief Edward Onoja, the running mate to governor Yahaya Bello for the November 16 governorship election is to be sworn in on Monday as the new deputy governor of Kogi State. Onoja was the former Chief of Staff to governor Yahaya Bello before he was appointed as running mate to the governor for the coming governorship election and based on this, he resigned as Chief of Staff to the governor last week. It was reliably gathered that on Saturday the Kogi State of Assembly will screen him on Monday and after the screening, the House will then confirmed him as deputy governor of the state before proceeding to Lugard House to take an oath of office where the Chief Judge of the state, Justice Nasiru Ajanah is expected to administer. Achuba was impeached from office on Friday following the Judicial panel report submitted to the House of Assembly. Judicial Panel of Enquiry set up by the Kogi State Chief Judge, Justice Nadir Ajanah to investigate the allegation of gross misconduct levelled against Kogi State deputy governor, Elder Simon Achuba has submitted its report. Chairman of the panel, Barrister John Baiyeshea on Friday led six other members of the panel, submitted the report to the Speaker, of the state House of Assembly, Kolawole Matthew, at the State House of Assembly in Lokoja. Speaking at the event, the chairman, said the committee members had done their best, “We have done the best we know how to do according to law and evidence presented to us. “Our committee report is only to the State House of Assembly through the Speaker, in accordance with the constitution.” Barr. Baiyeshea said the committee will still stand aside to be consulted in case the Assembly wants to make any reference UNILORIN win 3rd JAMB tertiary institutions football tourney FG did not reject our offer to repair federal roads linking… Gowon harps on industrialisation to drive export Buhari charges new Odole Oodua, Kessington Adebutu on… “The report is in three volumes; volume 1 contained all documents forwarded to us by the Chief Judge that he received from the assembly, and additional reports made available to the committee. “Volume 2 contained the evidences giving during the proceeding and volume 3 contained reviews of the committee and recommendations.” ALSO READ: Again, FCT teacher wins 2019 Maltina Teacher of Year Award, rewards with N6.5m The chairman who urged any interested persons to approach the right channel to obtain a copy if they desired, declined to reveal the position of the committee, said doing so is against the law. Receiving the document, Speaker of Assembly, Prince Kolawole Matthew said the lawmakers will go through the reports thoroughly, “We shall go into the reports thoroughly, look into the recommendations and do justice to it.” Mr Matthew eulogised the committee, said they have gone into the annals of history in Nigeria as the first to perform a thorough work devoid of any interference, “How we manage the affairs of today will become history tomorrow. Kogi is greater than all of us, and justice will be served.” The committee was inaugurated on August 26, 2019 has a maximum of 90 days to submit their report, did so in 49
days. However, the house a few hours after the mission announced the deputy governor’s impeachment after an emergency meeting. The majority leader of the House, Bello Balogun announced that the house met, sat deliberated on the recommendations of the panel to arrived at their conclusion. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....