The level of smoking among the youths in our society is very high. It is common among the youth, most especially the teenagers. Smoking has contributed a lot to social vices in our society. Many of the youths engage in wrong activities such as rape, fighting in pubic, burglary and even suicide. Before, cigarette and Indian hemp were the most common ones, but now, we have others like Shisha with different flavour, marijuana, e-cigarette, and so on. Smoking has increased the level of diseases in many of the youths. Diseases such as long diseases, diabetes, cancer, heart diseases, stroke and damage to the brain and even it brings death to them. Nigeria’s bourgeoning population fuels child malnutrition NURTW:  How not to slip into security abyss in Oyo State Still on the LAWMA blue box initiative Moving Nigeria forward to attain greatness Youths should stop this habit, because it is not good for the development of our society. Parents should train their children in good ways and try to caution them from bad habits. The youths should also desist from following bad friends that will influence them into smoking and committing all sorts of social vices Government should create avenues of orientating the youths such as counseling centres and they should create broadcasting programmes that will show the youths the bad effect of smoking and teach them the right things to do.  Olusola Racheal, Ibadan. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!