The embattled impeached deputy governor of Kogi State, Elder Simon Achuba has said that the state government treated him like a common criminal as he was put under house arrest saying is still the deputy governor of the state. Addressing newsmen on Sunday at his personal residence in Lokoja, Achuba said the panel report did not find him guilty saying that his official quarters was barricaded by the police while electricity and generator were disconnected from his official quarters by the government. According to him, all his property were locked up and he could not have access to his office and his official residence including his cars were all locked up in government house. He mentioned further that the Kogi State Police Commissioner, CP Hakeem Busari called him and told him to vacate his official residence despite the fact that he sends the soft copy of the panel report to him to let him know that he was not indicated. Stop Isiguzo from parading himself as NUJ president, Odusile… Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… ALSO READ: Another Royal Air Maroc plane suffers incident Elder Achuba posited that today he is still the deputy governor of Kogi state and whatever decision taken so far by the House of Assembly is illegal. “Am the deputy governor of Kogi state, anybody swears in as deputy is illegal. We can not have two deputy governor in one state. Whatever plan or decision the house take is all illegal. Am the deputy governor, the panel exonerated me I was not found wanting so why are they in hurry,” he said. He stressed that all his security men withdrew as at Friday but on Saturday his police security was restored by the Commission of Police. He called on the national leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to intervened on the present face-off between him and governor Yahaya Bello stressing that the situation today has said escaladed and it will definitely affect the people of the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!