Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has again given concrete assurances of developmental strides in his second term as his party campaign train for the November 16 gubernatorial and senatorial rerun election on Tuesday moved to Kabba in Kogi west senatorial district. The Governor who was in the company of his running mate Honourable Edward Onoja and other state government officials were received by a mammoth crowd of supporters from the region. The Governor thanked the people of the region for their support in the last over three years of his administration noting that they have proven to be people of honesty and sincerity He highlighted some of the achievements which his administration has made particularly in the areas of infrastructure, security, agricultural development, youth empowerment and the creation of employment opportunities. The Governor opined that the region has benefitted most from the New Direction Government as it was housing the Ejiba Rice milling factory which gulped over 4 billion naira and has the capacity to employ about five thousand youths. He, however, expressed optimism that his second term in office would further facilitate greater projects which would be of immense benefit particularly with a focus on human capital development. Earlier while the governor paid a courtesy visit to the palace of the Obaro of Kabba, HRM Oba Solomon Owoniyi he canvassed support for the election of Senator Smart Adeyemi at the senatorial rerun election slated for the same November 16 Governor Bello noted that it was his custom to always seek royal blessings from traditional rulers of any area he visited knowing that such prayers are very effective Arik airline capable of national carrier status ― AMCON MD 2023: I’m vindicated on South-West Presidency, says… Buhari’s election: Legal fireworks resume at Supreme… Three million young Nigerians held in sexual labour, slavery… He urged the people to look beyond local politics and participate more actively in national politics which he opined would be more beneficial to the people noting that Senator Smart Adeyemi was qualified to offer such quality and assuring representation. ALSO READ: Arik airline capable of national carrier status ― AMCON MD Governor Bello mentioned that although they were in Kabba for the party’s political rally, he would also be flagging off the 10km Kabba-Ottu-Okedayo and 40km Kabba – Oke ofun – Ayede – Iluke roads which he affirmed would benefit over 14 rural communities and that work would commence immediately. He also promised to alongside his cabinet members gather resources and build a befitting palace for the Obaro The Obaro of Kabba in his welcome remarks stated that they as a senatorial district were happy to have governor Bello in Kabba. He pointed out that Okun district has about sixty-seven graded traditional stool and millions of their descent both home and abroad whom he noted expressed gratitude to the governor for the numerous strides he has made. The traditional ruler affirmed that the people of Kabba had a pact with the governor that if he installed the rightful Obaro he would have their support at any time. The traditional ruler noted that his position on the governor’s reelection was a known fact to everyone and his stand to support the governor has never changed. While he prayed for bigger achievements in the governor’s second term, he assured that the election would be conducted peacefully and no politician would turn Okun land into a theatre of war. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!