As part of its corporate social responsibility, Brothers Across Nigeria (BAN), a Non-Governmental Organization has purchased examination forms for 34 inmates to sit for the forthcoming National Business and Technical Examination Board (NABTEB). BAN, Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Chapter, made this gesture when it visited the Nigeria Correctional Service in Keffi, a Medium Security facility (formerly known as Nigeria Prison’s Service, Medium Security Prison, Keffi). Welcoming the members of BAN, FCT Chapter, the officer in charge of the facility, DCP Salihu Elugi commended the group for coming to assist the inmates and the Correctional Service facility. While expressing joy, he stated that 56 inmates have indicated interest to sit for the NABTEB exam, out of which BAN paid for 34 of them. He also commended BAN for renovating the administrative block of the Correctional service. ALSO READ:  Fashola backtracks on toll gates “Our administrative block is wearing a new look courtesy of BAN, FCT chapter, who has helped us to paint the entire building,” he said. “We use to have many NGO come in here to give us food items and toiletries but it is a great development to have an organization invest in the education and future of our inmates, which indeed is a legacy any individual or organization can leave for inmates of a correctional Service facility,” Elugi said. He also informed BAN that some of the inmates are in the Open University of Nigeria and are also in need of financial assistant to pay for their school fees. “My priority as the head of this correctional Service facility is to see all the inmates get educated so that when they leave here, they can have something to fall back on to help them move on with their lives,’’ he noted. GCI Alumni to mark 90th anniversary with 300m hostel 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools World Teachers’ Day: Provost blames teachers’ truancy on… ‘Interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary approach key in… The president of BAN, FCT Chapter, Mr Nnamdi Ezeomah, while addressing some of the inmates said BAN is committed to improving the lives of the less privileged and vulnerable people in the society. “We are spread across the country and even outside Nigeria, we assure you of our immense support beyond the 34 inmates we just supported today,’’ he said. Mr Ezeomah said apart from support to the inmates, BAN, FCT chapter also painted the administrative block of the Correctional Service facility as support to officers and men of the facility. The FCT Chapter President explained to the inmates that one of the criteria to become a member of BAN is being a graduate and so this educational opportunity should be taken seriously so as for them to someday become a graduate. The Northern Region President of BAN, Mr Adewale Odusanya thanked DCP Elugi and other officers for the job they are doing at the facility. He observed the clean environment of the Correctional Service facility and urged them to continue the good work. “When the FCT Chapter President informed me of his plan to visit this facility and pay for some inmates’ exams fees, I was happy to support him and so, BAN Northern Region supported with fees for 10 out of the 34 Inmates paid for,” Odusanya said He admonished other NGOs to also invest in the education of the needy as education remain a vital tool for national development. On his part, the Coordinator of the Kubwa Chapter of BAN, Mr Oluwashola Idris, urged the inmates to be of good conduct and believe in themselves. He said with education, there is no limit to what they can achieve. He also informed the inmate that BAN Kubwa chapter also supported in paying for 2 out of the 34 inmates that benefitted from the exam fees that was paid for by BAN FCT chapter. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!