The Nasarawa State House of Assembly has on Monday passed the second reading of the 2019 supplementary appropriation bill submitted by Governor Abdullahi Sule of the state to go through second reading. The Speaker of the house, Hon. Ibrahim Balarabe Abdullahi, who announced this in a plenary sitting today, stating that “before you is a bill for a law to issue out of the consolidated revenue of the state, supplementary and appropriation bill of the sum of N4,678169203 billion naira and an adjustment of N1,827156220 billion naira only for the services of Nasarawa State government second reading.” ALSO READ: Sokoto govt earmarks N1.9bn to purchase schools furniture NAFEST back to home of culture after 40 years ― Obaseki NNPC operating revenue drops by N15.69bn in July Sanwo-Olu, BATN foundation laud farmers’ role in food… Efficient service delivery panacea for economic recovery ―… He further affirmed that the bill is thereby forwarded to the house standing committee on finance and appropriation to discuss and report back to the house on the 29th of October, 2019. The house also screened nine out of the 15 commissioner nominees forwarded by Governor Abdullahi Sule last week. Those appeared who before the legislators include; Ahmed Baba Yahaya (Toto LGA), Philip Dada (Karu LGA), Othman Bala Adam (Keffi LGA), Dr. Abdukarim Kana (Kokona LGA), Obadiah Boyi ( Akwanga LGA), Yusuf Aliyu Turaki (Awe LGA), Dr Salihu Ahmad Alizaga (Nasarawa Eggon LGA, Dogo Shammah (Wamba LGA) and Prof. Otaki Allahnanah (Keana LGA). Among the bills that passed through second reading is the bill to establish Mustapher Agwai Polytechnic, Lafia and College of Health and Technology, Keffi. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!