KOGI State Governor Yahaya Bello has commended the judgement of the Court Of Appeal which upheld the earlier judgement of the Kogi State National Assembly Election Tribunal nullifying the Kogi West Senatorial election, stating that it further vindicates his earlier position that the opposition PDP manipulated the elections. He praised the judiciary for again distinguished itself an as unbiased, independent and impartial institution. Governor Bello gave the commendation in a statement entitled  ”Kogi West Appeal Court Verdict: Attestation that Judiciary is Impartial” released his media office, even as he felicitated with Adeyemi on his victory at the courts. In the statement made available to newsmen in Lokoja on Friday by his Chief Press Secretary, Onogwu Muhammed, Bello said the judgment of the Tribunal which nullified the Kogi West Senatorial Election on the 23rd of September and the Court of Appeal’s verdict delivered some hours ago upholding the said tribunal judgement clearly attests that the judiciary was solidly on course and working in line with the aspiration of people. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Appeal Court sacks Dino Melaye as Senator, orders fresh election They are after my life ― GDPN Kogi guber candidate Gov Abiodun constitutes 51- man governor’s elders… Nationwide strike: FG hurriedly shifts meeting with labour… Society disadvantaged without girl child education ― Oyo SSG The Governor said in spite of the intimidation, unnecessary accusations and rumour-mongering, the tribunal and the Court Of Appeal have lived up to their expectations by dispensing justice without fear or favour. ”For upholding the petition by Senator Smart Adeyemi of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and ordering that a fresh election be conducted by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in the constituency, the tribunal, led by Justice A.O. Chijioke and the Appeal Court have jointly proved to the world that the people’s mandate was stolen in the last Kogi West Senatorial Election” Bello said. “The courts did not decide in a vacuum but acted on the basis of the merits and demerits of the case before them. “The Appeal Court and the entire Judiciary, therefore, deserves our commendation for further strengthening the democratic and electioneering processes in Nigeria.” He, therefore, congratulated the people of Kogi West Senatorial District, noting that the Appeal Court judgement was a reclamation of their stolen mandate. He said he was confident the people will turn out en mass to elect Senator Smart Adeyemi of the APC in the re-run election which date shall be announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC in due course. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!