Abductors of the six female students and two staff members of Engravers College, Kakau Daji in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State have demanded a N50 million ransom. One of the two security guards on ground was said to have been shot when he attempted to fire at the suspects. According to The Cable, an online newspaper, a member of staff of the school said the captors made a telephone call around 7pm on Thursday to make known their demand. “Yesterday in the evening, a call came in and the caller said we should pay N50 million for the release of the students and the two staff that they kidnapped,” he said. “But we pleaded with them that things are hard and we don’t have that kind of money. They also said things are also hard for them. Ali, customs boss says 90% of cars in Nigeria are smuggled “We begged them to collect N100,000 but the man laughed and said N100,000 is nothing. He said that he as a person can even dash somebody N100,000. They called again on Friday morning. We are still negotiating.” Police arraign former NITDA DG over alleged N50m contract… LAUTECH denies workers’ strike, inducts 38 new medical… Monarch dragged to court for  alleged threat to life Minimum wage: Disregard Ngige, Timi Frank,   TUC advised… Meanwhile parents have since evacuated their children from the school. But Samuel Amamchukwu, director of the school, said the college was closed for two weeks as academic activities could not continue while the six students and two staff are in captivity. The school, according to Funom Giwa, vice principal (administration), was established in 2004 and had graduated 10 sets of students. When contacted, Yakubu Sabo, spokesman of the Kaduna state police command, said the police had mobilised a manhunt for the “criminals with the aim of apprehending them and rescuing the victims”. “Operations are still going on, out men are still in the bush, we are trailing them, it is a combine efforts” he said. He added that a combined team of police mobile force, anti-kidnapping squad, SARS and operatives of Operation Puff Adder were on the trail of the suspects. The students and the staff were abducted from the school in the early hours of Thursday. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!