The federal government, on Monday, pledged to support and co-operate with the Uganda government in its quest to improve its legal education. The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) gave the assurance when a delegation from the Uganda Institute of Law Development Centre paid a courtesy call to the Ministry. The delegation that was on a mission to Nigeria was led by Lady Justice Stella Arech Amoko, Justice of Ugandan Supreme Court and Chairperson of the Committee. Speaking at the parley, the AGF pledged Nigeria’s readiness to support the delegation to understand the country’s Legal System through the Nigerian Law School. The AGF said, “When you talk of learning in planning, collaboration is fundamental, and if this visit will translate into success, then we need to learn from each other as a country.” Augustine University produces seven first class graduates,… Education only weapon to banish poverty in Nigeria ― Tinubu Oyo govt to recruit more teachers soon, says Makinde 130 to bag First Class at UNILORIN convocation ― Varsity VC ALSO READ: Labour demands implementation of minimum wage from April 18 Malami told the visitors that, “having gone through different processes over the years, various institutions in Nigeria and policies are now better and assured that the confidence placed in Nigeria and her support system is not misplaced.” Malami nevertheless charged the Ugandan government to understudy the Nigerian Law School as a way of enhancing professionalism and upgrading their legal education. Responding, Uganda’s Supreme Court Judge and Chairperson of the Committee, Lady Justice Mary Stella Arech Amoko said the delegates were on a fact-finding mission with the willingness to learn a lot from Nigeria, especially in the area of information sharing. She noted that in her country, “the increase in numbers of students in the law school has stretched the available facilities and added that the facilities are getting stretched and the lecturers are not enough and the funding is not enough.’’ Speaking earlier, the Director-General, Nigeria Law School, Professor Isa Kayatu Chiroma promised that the Nigerian Law School was ready to parley with the Ugandan government to achieve her goals in legal education. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!