Bauchi State Executive Council has expressed its resolve to ensure efficient allocation of resources for projects and programs that have direct and positive bearings on the lives of the citizens of the state. The expression was made by the State Commissioner of Budget and Economic Planning, Dr Aminu Hassan Gamawa while addressing Government House correspondents on the outcome of the Executive Council meeting held on Wednesday saying that this will be achieved through reducing waste in governance. Aminu Gamawa described this week’s meeting of the council as a very productive one as it discussed urgent development issues affecting the state. He said that already Governor Bala Abdulkadir  Mohammed has reiterated his administration’s commitment to promoting efficiency in governance through ensuring that projects awarded were executed according to specifications. Umahi partners India to establish electric automobile… Oyo veteran journalists mourn Olasope Magu rallies African leaders on fight against corruption Buhari pledges global alliances for total defeat of Boko… ALSO READ: Magu rallies African leaders on fight against corruption The commissioner added that the governor during the meeting called on all the commissioners to ensure that their the ministries’ budget was done in with the interest and yearnings of the people the state. The Budget and Economic Planning commissioner also said that the governor insisted that the budget should reflect reality and be done in such a way that would focus on the priority areas of government. He listed the priority areas of the administration as health, education, infrastructure, agriculture, women and youth empowerment among others and pledged the readiness of the State Executive Council towards ensuring timely implementation of the budget and it will be done in a transparent and accountable way. The  State Commissioner for Local Governments and Chieftaincy Affairs, Nuhu Zaki, on his own said that the Council has agreed to ensure timely payment of counterpart funding in order to access more funds for basic education in order boost the provision of qualitative education at the grassroots in line with the educational agenda of the PDP led administration. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!