Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State has sought for partnership with India government in importation and establishment of an electric automobile assembling plant in the state. Governor Umahi made the proposal on Wednesday, at India Embassy FCT where he was received by the Indian High Commissioner to Nigeria, His Excellency, Abhay Thakur.  According to a statement signed by his Special Assistant on Media and Documentation Mr. Francis Nwaze, revealed that Umahi’s key interest in the partnership includes; importation of the sample electric-powered tricycles, buses, motorcycles and cars. He maintained that electric mode automobile is not only a technology of tomorrow but a technology that cuts cost. Poor funding of Auditor-General’s office instigates… Reps fault non-assent to electoral act amendment N2.28trillion deficit: BPE advocates privatisation of FG… Mother, child burnt to death, as petrol tanker explodes in… The governor enumerated other areas which he equally wants a partnership with India to include establishing an assembling plant in the state and in the agriculture sector where poultry, piggery and food processing equipment would be provided. ALSO READ: Buhari pledges global alliances for total defeat of Boko Haram Umahi further solicited for partnership in the management of the new hospital he described as a centre of excellence that is presently under construction. According to him, his interest is not on making money with the hospital but for the betterment of the state and the country in general. He, however, called on the international communities and other well-meaning Nigerians to partner with Ebonyi State in establishing industries, factories and other businesses even as he assured them of the readiness of Ebonyi State to provide conducive environment and incentives to make their establishments thrive. Reacting, Thakur, who expressed happiness with the interests of Umahi, promised to work with him to achieve his aims in his state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!