I join the management of Olabisi Onabanjo University (OOU), under the   leadership of Prof. Ganiyu Olatunji Olatunde and Alake of Egba Land, Oba Gbadebo Adedotun, to rejoice with Professor. M. O. Oliyide (former Dean, Faculty of Law of the OOU) as he clocks 56 years today. I want to say with a degree of certainty that Prof. M. O. Oliyide is a blessing to the children of less privileged people schooling at the Faculty of Law of Olabisi Onabanjo University. He is an icon and great inspiration to many; Prof. Oliyide was the one whom Allah used to pay my Law School tuition. I never expected the said gesture would come from him as I had pleaded with notable Nigerians to help me but none of them turned up. As he celebrates his 56th birthday today, he deserves my appreciation for his deed in helping me pay my Law school tuition. Shell rejected me as fresh graduate, I rejected them years after —Awodeyi Prof. Oliyide has been used by Allah to lift many poor OOU Law students whose parents could not afford to pay their Law school tuition out of poverty. Holistic federalism system of government as way forward Children on Ibadan highways should be in school On dividends of border closure Causes of depression Olusesan Oliyide, Professor of Business Law at Olabisi Onabanjo University was born on October 23, 1963 at the famous rice town of Ofada, near Abeokuta, to parents both of whom are of Egba extraction. He attended Lisabi Primary School, Ijoko, Abeokuta from 1969 to 1971 and Saint Paul’s Demonstration Primary School, Onikolobo, Abeokuta from 1971 to 1975. He attended the highly esteemed Baptist Boys’ High School, Abeokuta from his secondary education between 1975 and 1980 and the Ogun State Polytechnic (now Moshood Abiola Polytechnic) Abeokuta between 1981 and 1983 for his General Certificate of Education (Advanced Level). Professor Oliyide was a former Head, Department of Commercial and Industrial Law, Olabisi Onabanjo University, (2001-2007); Pioneer Head, Department of Commercial and Industrial Law, Babcock University, Ilishan-Remo, Nigeria (while on sabbatical between July 2008-December, 2009) and former Head, Department of Private Law, Olabisi Onabanjo University, Nigeria (2011-2014) and Dean, Faculty of Law, Olabisi Onabanjo University (2014-2018). My prayer is that the Almighty Allah will continue to preserve the life of Prof. Oliyide for us so that he may witness more fruitful years. To have a great man like Prof. Oliyide in Nigeria gives me joy and fulfillment. My prayer is that Prof. Oliyide will live long to celebrate 100 years on earth. Many happy returns, I will forever remain grateful to you. Jimoh Mumin Esq. Ibadan. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!