Davido and Chioma have welcomed their first baby together on Sunday in London. The superstar took a trip to London from the United States to be with his fiance who was in the delivery room while #StarboyFest and #Headies Award 2019 were ongoing in London and Lagos respectively. ALSO READ: Gowon advocates focus on industrialisation to drive export The “Blow My Mind” crooner took to his Instagram Story to upload a picture of himself in the delivery room with Chioma and also confirmed the baby to be a male as he names him after himself. OMOBA TI DE!!! DAVID ADEDEJI ADELEKE Jr I !! D PRINCE IS HERE!!!! 20 – 10 – 2019 !!! Love you my STRONG WIFE!!! I LOVE YOU!!!!!  pic.twitter.com/KfWgBdlaqn — Davido (@iam_Davido) October 20, 2019 Stop Isiguzo from parading himself as NUJ president, Odusile… Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js When the video was posted at first, it wasn’t clear to everyone exactly what happened in the video, however, he made it clear on Twitter exactly what was happening in the video as he revealed he is with Chioma in the delivery room after a fan asked about his album. He wrote; “I dey delivery room now brother! Make we talk the matter after.” I Dey delivery room brother ! Make we talk this matter after  https://t.co/vzBKgrUmDe — Davido (@iam_Davido) October 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!