The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief David Lyon, has promised to work for the economic development of Bayelsa state by reviving the gas turbine in Kolo Creek to ensure adequate power supply in the state after twelve months into office. Speaking during the flag-off of the party’s campaign in Ogbia Local Government Area of the State, explained that he is seeking office to right the wrongs of the Hon. Seriake Dickson led Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) government in the State. He said that his government will build and make good economic policies that will encourage investments in the state, as well as provide jobs to the youths of the state. Lyon also promised to work assiduously to provide security for all Bayelsa people, having employed and empowered thousands of youths across the state to join forces with him to protect the nation’s assets for the good of the people as a private man. He said: “I am a man of my words, as I promised the people of Bayelsa, I will not fail them, Bayelsa money will be used for the good of all, I am coming to serve Bayelsans and not for them to serve me, as it is going on under Dickson. “There is insecurity in Bayelsa at the moment, we will handle it adequately, I will work for the development of our state, there will be adequate power supply in Bayelsa under my administration, our gas turbine will be revived, we must enjoy 24 hours power supply in our state.” He said. Also speaking, the National Chairman of APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomole, has assured Governor Seriake Dickson of Bayelsa state that the party’s governorship candidate will not witch-hunt him when he wins the November 16 governorship election. He said: “My appeal to my dear friend, the outgoing governor of Bayelsa state, Dickson, because I understand the withdrawal syndrome facing any governor close to the end of his tenure. “But I want to assure him on behalf of Lyon that he is not coming to chase him away or witch-hunt him, he is only coming to correct some of his limitations, so that the people of Bayelsa will witness greater development and experience sustainable growth among the youths, women and the elderly. Nigerian Army sensitizes Media Influencers, Journalists on… NAFEST back to home of culture after 40 years ― Obaseki NNPC operating revenue drops by N15.69bn in July Sanwo-Olu, BATN foundation laud farmers’ role in food… ALSO READ: Extend border closure to foreign herdsmen, Ortom tells Buhari “I want to appeal to him, we are coming for a contest, and not to chase away the outgoing governor the way Dickson chased and fought with barrel of guns to change the State Assembly Speaker last month. “Can you imagine the number of bullets that were fired at Bayelsa state House of Assembly just to change the speaker? That is why I said to him, this election is about the power of the ballot, not the power of the bullets. “APC is coming to make a difference in Bayelsa as a party of change, Lyon will not betray those who stand by him. He will carry the youths along, he understands the language of poverty, he understands the deprivation which this state and people of the South-South went through, and that is why he decided to fight for the justice.” He said. In his address, the Director General of the Lyon/Degi Campaign Organization and Minister for State for Petroleum, Chief Timipre Sylva, also assured Bayelsans that the candidate of the APC would provide jobs for the teaming unemployed youths in the State elected into office come November 16th. He said the first 100 days in office, Lyon would engage the restive and jobless youths to help secure the State just as he secured the nation’s wealth through pipeline surveillance contract over the years. He said “what we in the APC are bringing to you is development, empowerment and security. Today in Bayelsa insecurity is the order of the day. Killing, armed robbery and kidnapping is the order of the day. “But the unfortunate thing is that when an armed robber enters your house what they are after is your pot of soup and not money. Dickson has empoverished Bayelsans that they have forgotten that there is money. “All they think of now is only to get food to eat. That will not be the portion of Bayelsans anymore. The man we are bringing to you is security, empowerment and development expert. I want to assure you that in the first 100 days in office, Bayelsa will be secured already and there would be plenty of jobs.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!