The celebration of the 24th convocation and 42nd foundation anniversary of the Federal College of Education (FCE), Osiele, Abeokuta, Ogun State capital, will continue to linger in the minds of the authorities and staff of the institution, dignitaries, students and fans of  music legend, Evangelist Ebenezer Obey-Fabiyi, as history was made at the unveiling of the college’s gallery, as part of the activities that marked the event. The unveiling of the gallery of the music exponent turned out to be the highpoint of the event as Obey was ushered into the ultramodern museum amidst cheers by all and sundry alongside his son Femi, Personal Assistant, Taiwo Olujimi and General Manager, Tunji Odunbaku. The chants of his praises rented the air as it became obvious that most guests and students that graced the event were fans of the music icon. Virtually all demanded for special presentations of various works of Obey. Away from the main event of the day, Obey was moved to dish some of his evergreen songs from Aimasiko to Aye wa a toro, Ota mii dehin le yin mi, Oro Oluwa Ede, Board Members, Eniri Nkan he, Ori mi koniburu and Kete kete. Back to the main event of the day, archival items, including, personal effects – two guitars, dresses, shoes, eye glass, albums and covers, vintage photographs, among others were formally presented  to the college gallery by the musician-turned-evangelist. FG says no plan to remove fuel subsidy He noted that the need to create spaces for the preservation of our history and heritage was important, adding, “That was the reason for donating the items to the school in response to the college’s request for a museum space in my honour as an indigene of the state. “I am a proud son of the soil and a legendary music icon, who has been active in the last 60 years and is still active. The journey of my life has been a source of testimony and inspiration to me. I was conceived in Idogo, born in Massey Hospital on Lagos Island, raised in Idogo and Abeokuta before finally coming to reside in Lagos. Kizz Daniel empowers, fights against abuse with  “Pak N Go” Syndik8 events & PR launched in Ibadan Mercy Johnson-Okojie bags new endorsement deal Saraki, Mohammed Babangida back on the roll “I know this museum space would be of immense benefit and a source of inspiration to the students of the school and future generations who would find motivation in my story and journey through life as a musician, an African and an indigene of Ogun State. I hope they will enjoy and appreciate some of my personal effects and belongings that I am sharing in this museum space,” he said. According to him, he dedicated the items to the memory of his parents, especially his mother, Mrs Abigail Oyindamola Abeke Fabiyi (Nee Toriola) from Owu quarters in Abeokuta, and to his father, Chief Nathaniel Olasewo Fabiyi from Kesi, Abeokuta, as well as to the glory of Almighty God, who has been his source of strength all these years! Reacting to the insinuation that he had lost many followership or fans since he embraced evangelical mission, he debunked the rumour saying, in 60 years of his music career, he had never lost followership when he embraced gospel music, because he did not change from secular to gospel music per se as erroneously believed. “I have been a musician for over 60 years. I did not change from secular to gospel. It was a call from God. Though it was difficult for me to say yes or no then, after 12 years, I realised God wanted me to use music to propagate His gospel. That was exactly what happened to me. After 17 years of doing that, the Lord allowed me to do special outreach and appearances. I charged people and I keep part of the proceeds for myself and the ministry. There were comments that I was backsliding then. But, my works were there as evidence and I was still using my music to serve God. I didn’t miss anything,” he said. Obey, however, revealed that the secret of the success of any musician must be a function of what kind of music he releases to his fans. “Personally, when I go into the studio, I always asked myself three ‘whats.’ What do I want to give to my listeners? What do I want to impress on my listeners? and what do I want the listeners to remember me for in that particular music? These are the three things that guide me all through my career. As a result, I rendered meaningful lyrics like counsel, prayer and advice, which listeners want to hear and sing. Also, when I tell a story like Ketekete, it is conceived to teach lesson that no one can please the world. Little wonder my hits have won lots of gold,” he added. According to the curator, Oludamola Adebowale, the initiative was to celebrate a proud son of the soil, noting that all the items were supervised and handpicked by Chief Obey and and himself and that the idea was not just to create inspiring works for posterity, but also to inspire the younger generations and students of the college. “Curating the project of an iconic figure like Obey is nothing, but a privilege I will forever cherish. It’s not just about telling the story of his selfless and legendary life, but also witnessing his accomplishments, struggles and success at the same time,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....