Ayakoroma, Runsewe others open NAFEST food fair with 15 states in attendance As Ekiti, Enugu, Delta, Rivers, Kaduna displays exceptional cuisines. The former Executive Secretary of the National Institute for Cultural Orientation, Barclays Foubiri Ayakoroma has declared open the 2019 food fair of the National Festival of Arts and Culture (NAFEST) with15 states in attendance. The food fair which is also an avenue to showcase the best of Nigerian cuisine, as well as areas of improvement on the food value chain from the raw material to the finished product, was all in the display for the adjudicators and visitors to assess. ALSO READ: Sanwo-Olu, BATN foundation laud farmers’ role in food security State that participated this year includes,  Enugu,  Ekiti, Adamawa, Borno, Ondo, Delta, Edo, Kaduna, Bayelsa, Jigawa, Imo, Ogun, Gombe, Rivers, and Kware. The state was at their best, showcasing a whole range of culinary delight that distinguishes them from others vis-a-viz presenting delicacies to win the adjudicators’ points. Cab drivers, hotels record high patronage as NAFEST hits day… Alleged credit card fraud: Court adjourns Naira Marley’s… Social media: Comedian Koffi advises youths on time… Naira Marley seeks Buhari, Tinubu’s contact numbers on… Ekiti in its handiness came with what it is known for (pounded yam) which attracted major participants to throng their pavilion not only to have a taste of the pudding, but also receive royal blessings as well as enjoy the traditional rendition of the cultural troupe as they welcome participants and adjudicators to their pavilion for the walk the talk section of the food fair. Speaking with Travelpulse&MICE at the sideline of the fair, the Director-General, Ekiti State Council for Arts and Culture, Ambassador Wale Ojo-Lanre, who already hinted that they are not coming for any other thing but their strength which is their cuisines, was true to his word as they presented a real-time pounding session of their pounded for the people to have a hot bowl of Iyun and traditional prepare soup have had natural condiments. Also the Director-General, NCAC, Otunba Segun Runsewe, who was on ground for the work the talk said Nigeria have unique cultural splendor in its diversity and that is what has kept the nation one. “Our cuisines are enormous and they are unique to each of the diverse ethnic divide here today, but one important take home for all of us is that we are here today not because of any other thing but food which has distinctive binding force that unit the world and now we are together because of it.” Runsewe who commended the participating states urged them to hold with pride cuisines that are dear to them and also those that they have a comparative advantage above others.a “We have started to know the importance of food and we should start looking for an avenue of making our revere traditional delicacies export products by going extra miles to also develop skills in advancing in taking part in another value chain, by involving in processing and packaging for export purposes.” The winners of the food fair are expected to be announced during the closing ceremony where every participating state will be present. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!