President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Captain Musa Nuhu as the new Director-General of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA). He is replacing Captain Muthar Usman, the erstwhile Director-General of the organisation. Capt. Nuhu, who, until his appointment, was Nigeria’s Permanent Representative to the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO), is an airline pilot, a safety expert, a quality assurance lead auditor, as well as an artificial intelligence expert. He holds a Masters of Science degree in Aviation Business and was at the Presidential Air Fleet as a Captain and a safety officer. ALSO READ: Dapo Abiodun: Silent restorer of education lost glory in Ogun OCP joins World Business Council for sustainable development Buhari, Putin to strengthen Nigeria-Russia relations Nigeria ranks highest among countries with burden of sickle… UPDATE: FEC okays April 18 as take-off date for new minimum… He also worked at various times at the defunct Nigeria Airways, Aero Contractors and Petrowest among other organisations. The new Director-General was also the Chairman Comprehensive Regional Aviation Safety Plan for Africa and Indian Ocean (AFI Plan) at the ICAO headquarters in Montreal, responsible for safety, air navigation, airports and Aviation Infrastructure development, an experience that is expected to be of great value to his new role as a regulator of the nation’s aviation industry. In a related development, President Buhari has also approved the appointment of Engr.Mahmoud Sani Ben-Tukur as Nigeria’s new Permanent Representative to the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO). With over 24 years of work in the Aviation industry, Engr Ben-Tukur possesses extensive knowledge and experience in Aviation Safety and Quality Management Systems, as well as knowledge of ICAO Standard and Recommended Practices and Nigerian Civil Aviation Regulations. He was until his appointment a Technical Adviser to the Minister of Aviation.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!