NO fewer than 275 people reportedly lost their lives in different auto accidents between April and September, 2019 in Bauchi, Borno and Yobe states. The disclosure was made by the Zonal Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) inZone 12,Assistant Corps MarshallImohEtuk, during the Zonal Mega Rally/Medical Outreach in preparation for 2019 ‘Operation Zero’ at the Yankari Motor Park in Bauchi. MrEtuk said that 1,561 people sustained varying degrees of injuries within the period. The Zonal Commander, who gave the theme for the rally as ‘Road Safety is a state of the mind, road traffic crash is absence of the mind: Stay alert and stay alive,’ disclosed that a total of 2,495 were involved in 320 road crashes. The figure represents 42.4percent increase in road crashes and 6.77percent increase in fatality. Why Lagos is flooded: Atlantic Ocean full, can’t take… More trouble for Lagos-Ibadan Expressway users Presidency to spend N82.2m on sewage in 2020 •Budgets N463.6… Oyo to construct N8bn Iwo Road interchange in 11 months He further explained that between April and June 2019, there were 132 road traffic crashes in which 133 people were killed with 726 injured. He added that from July to September, no fewer than 142 people were killed while 836 sustained varying degrees of injuries in the 188 accidents that occurred in the zone. FG says no plan to remove fuel subsidy The FRSC boss said: “The Corps mandate for 2019 is to reduce road traffic crashes by 20percent and fatality by 25percent. All hands must be on deck since safety is everybody’s business. “However, ember months is a period of festivity as well as period of harvest for farmers bringing their farm produce home which results in high vehicular movement on the highways. “This is why we are here today to sensitize you on the proper use of the highway to make it safe by observing all traffic rules and regulations. I am calling on all drivers to stay off drugs or any stimulant. Say no to over-speeding and overloading. Speed kills, but remember it is only the living that celebrate.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....