President of the Senate, Senator Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday held a crucial meeting with top National and security officials of the Federal Capital Territory over the security situation in the territory. Lawan led the meeting between the Principal officers of the Senate and the security chiefs led by the National Security Adviser (NSA) to reassess the security situation in the federal capital territory. This is contained in a statement issued last night and signed by the Special Adviser, Media, to the President of the Senate Ola Awoniyi. The statement said Lawan in his opening remarks expressed the worry of the Senate: “We are very concerned, as all of you are, about the level of security challenges in the FCT. ALSO READ: Sokoto: 2,400 civil servants trained on ICT ― Head of Service The Senate President said the meeting was to address the current security challenges in the FCT and chart the way forward. Delta govt gets tough against sanitation offenders in Asaba,… Minimum wage: FG, Labour shift ground, negotiations continue… Stop dreaming of one-party state, third term in Nigeria ―… NDDC: Ministry transmits Commission’s 2019 budget to… Lawan said the meeting was a follow-up to an earlier meeting held last week, adding that the idea was to engage those who are directly dealing with the security issues within the FCT. The meeting went to a closed-door session after the opening remarks by the President of the Senate. In attendance were the National Security Adviser, Major General Babagana Monguno, FCT minister, Mohammed Bello, Director General of Department of State Service, Yusuf Magazines Magaji Bichi. Others are the Assistant Inspector General of Police, Peter Ogunyanwo who represented the Inspector General of Police, FCT Commissioner of Police, Bala Chiroma and FCT Permanent Secretary, Chinyeaka Ohaa. The senators in present at the meeting include Senate Leader, Senator Yahaya Abdullahi, Deputy senate leader, Senator Robert Boroffice, Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, Deputy Chief Whip, Senator Aliyu Sabi Abdullahi, Deputy minority leader, Senator Emmanuel Bwacha, Minority Whip, Senator Philip Adidas. Others are the Chairman of Senate Committee on National Security and Intelligence, Senator Abdullahi Gobir, chairman, Senate Committee on FCT, Senator Abubakar Kyari and chairman, Senate Committee on Police Affairs, Senator Halliru Jika. Chairman, Senate Committee on Airforce, Bala Ibn Na’allah and Senator Ifeanyi Ubah, Vice-chairman, Senate committee on petroleum (downstream). The city recently recorded the kidnapping of some residents amongst whom were personnel of the Nigerian Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and a 12-year-old boy. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!