50-yr-old man has been arrested by the Akwa Ibom State Police Command for allegedly defiling his two daughters at Ibeskpo Asutan Local government Area of the state. The suspect who hails from Obot Ideng community was alleged to have started having carnal knowledge of his daughters, aged 9 and 13 after his marriage to their mother collapsed. The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Odiko Macdon, who confirmed the incident, said the man was arrested following reports against him by his 13-year-old daughter. It was gathered that the daughter reported the affair to the police after the father scolded her and beat her up after he suspected she was having a love affair with another man. The suspect, a police source said, confessed to the crime, claiming that he was only testing the virility of his manhood. The man was quoted to have said: “My wife left me some years ago because of some family issues and relocated to Rivers State. I have been the only one taking care of my daughters and I was just testing if my manhood was still functioning using my daughters.” CP laments high rate of rape cases in Benue Police arrest 12 Ekiti varsity students over cultism Motorcyclist remanded for allegedly raping trader in Kwara One feared killed as miscreants, task force clash in Apapa ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/3-persons-killed-3-injured-in-akwa-ibom-road-crash/ In a related development, two 70-year-old men have been arrested for allegedly defiling a 14-year-old girl in the state. The first suspect claimed the victim was his wife who he met in the market and married, adding that the girl moved into his house and whenever he went out, his friend of the same age would come in and have sex with the girl. The suspects, it was gathered, had been defiling the girl until the case came to the open after their disagreement. They were arrested after the matter was reported to the police by one of the neighbours. Meanwhile, the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) efforts are already on to trace the family of the girl. He said the girl had been taken to the Family Enhancement and Youths Reorientation Project, a pet project run by the state governor’s wife, Martha Udom Emmanuel. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!