Fast-rising Nigerian singer, Victor Adere, popularly known by his stage name Victor AD, has dropped a new  Afrobeat single for his teeming fans and music lovers. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the youngster released the hit audio on a popular streaming platform, YouTube on Wednesday. As the title implies, ‘Too Much Money’ emphasises the importance of having not just money legitimately but enough of it to cater to essential basic necessities. “What Money cannot do, too much money can do it, wetin DJ Cuppy money no fit do, Otedola money do am, wetin OBO money cannot do, Adeleke money do am…” the lyrics go in part. NAN also reports that Victor AD, who grew up in Kirikiri area of Apapa, Lagos and in Warri,  began his music career in  2014. Davido deposits N36m to buy customised jewelry for 30billion… Kogi election: Vote not fight, election no be war, 2baba… Buga returns with ‘It has been baba all the way’ Wizkid, 2baba, others hit Dubai with One Africa Music Fest ALSO READ: Farmers commence harvest at Edo govt-backed Agenebode rice farm The 26-year-old vocalist’s first musical release was “Jowo”, a hit that became Radio Continental’s popular theme song. In 2017, Victor AD released “No Idea”,  and the music video for the song was shot and directed by Cinema House Images Director, Dindu. He released the acclaimed single “Wetin We Gain” in 2018, a song that launched him into the limelight, and the video for the song has reportedly garnered more than 6,000,000 million views on YouTube. Victor AD also featured Davido in his third single titled “Tire You”, and appeared on the  O2 Arena stage for Davido’s 2019 concert in UK. He has been nominated for several local and international awards, including  Sound City MVP Listeners Choice Award (2018), Best Pop Single and Best New Act( 2018) and Ghana 3Music Awards as Best African Act 2019, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!