The member representing Kabba-Bunu/Ijumu Federal Constituency of Kogi state in House of Representatives, on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP),  Hon. Tajudeen Yusuf on Monday showered encomium on the Judiciary for rising above blackmail and enticing offers in the dispensation of justice at the State Elections Tribunal and Appeal Court. Hon. Yusuf stated this via a statement issued and made available to newsmen in Abuja on his victory at the Appeal Court. According to him: “Indeed, it is gratifying to note that the Judiciary rose above blackmail, enticing offers, ceaseless propaganda and crass intimidation by anti-democratic forces, rudderless officials and shadowy personalities to uphold, confirm; at the Elections Tribunal and Appeal Court, the mandate freely, willingly and enthusiastically given to me by the good people of my constituency. “No doubt, the past nine months have been emotionally tasking, resources-consuming, energy-taking and time-wasting. It was a long period of challenge, anxiety and apprehension. “Almost on a daily basis, one was treated to varying degrees, dimension and proportion of blackmail, deceit, propaganda, outright falsehood, mudslinging and character assassination. “Also, one heard, saw and discovered outlandish desperation, despicable and unimaginable recourse to immoral, indecent, unethical approaches to turn the hand of justice. “However, in all of these shenanigans, as a people who have absolute trust in Almighty God, we were unruffled and unperturbed. Though worried at times, as expected to be humans, our faith in God to soar above every difficulty was never in doubt. ALSO READ: Akwa Ibom senatorial election: APC files petition before NJC Budget Defence: Diaspora C’mttee expresses displeasure… Gbajabiamila mourns Jummai Balewa UNICEF, OYO SUBEB initiate actions on ECD Development in… Ghost workers: Bauchi govt sets up investigative committee “The Good Book in Psalm 34:19 declares that, “good people suffer many troubles, but the Lord saves them from all,” (GNT Version). “the godly face many dangers, but the Lord saves them from each of them” (NET Version). Jeremiah 20:11. “But the Lord is with me as a mighty terrible one: therefore my persecutors shall stumble, and they shall not prevail: they shall be greatly ashamed; for they shall not prosper: their everlasting confusion shall never be forgotten.” These  profound scriptures  became our anchor for inspiration, hope, faith and assurances during the long period of electoral and judicial battles “As we moved from one stage to the other,  while others boasted in their access to funds, connections, contacts, power of incumbency and other powers, we unashamedly put our trust in the Rock of Ages. “Also, one was confident that with the continuous collective prayers of the good people of Kabba-Bunu/Ijumu Federal Constituency, victory is assured on all sides. One was positively hopeful that regardless of the evil plots, negative machinations and nefarious orchestration by certain anti-democratic forces and anti-people elements, the pendulum of victory would swing to our side “Happily, God in His infinite mercy, through the Appeal Court, heard our respective and collaborative supplication by, once again, giving the good people of Kabba-Bunu/Ijumu Federal Constituency total victory “By this judicial triumph; being the final bus-stop for litigation, all persons, individuals and groups seeking to thwart and change the peoples-will as regards our dear Federal Constituency has been defeated.” The lawmaker who expressed deep appreciation to all and sundry for their support during his trying period said, ” with the distraction of these needless legal battles now over, just as I have continually declared since my election on Saturday, February 23rd, 2019, as your Representative, I wish to further renew my vow to serve the good people of Kabba-Bunu/Ijumu Federal Constituency with utmost focus and sincerity at all times. “I shall continue to strive, with unflinching fervour and unalloyed purposefulness,  towards enhancing the growth and development of all our communities, towns and villages. “I am determined to serve our dear Federal Constituency with revitalised passion and renewed commitment towards the political, economic, social and infrastructural development of our area.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!