SKYWAY Aviation Handling Company PLC (SAHCO) has acquired a fleet of brand new Ground Handling Equipment expanded its cargo warehouse to boost its operations and accommodate its growing activities. Furthermore, SAHCO has expanded its export warehouse to accommodate the growing export business, which is fitted with brand new modern cargo scanners to make export cargo processing safe, effective and speedy. SAHCO’s new fleet of equipment include:  Baggage Carts, Conveyor Belts, Passenger Steps and Static Pallets, which are of high quality, with exceptional features. Elimination of blind spots in Nigeria’s airspace receives… We will bequeath a safe, reliable aviation sector to… Air Peace begins flights to Warri Delta Airlines to invest $2m  on biofuel production According to the management of the company: “The Passenger Steps, which are manufactured in Italy by Bombelli, are equipped with peculiar safety features that prevents unwarranted interference, some of which include censors that automatically slows it down to snail speed to avoid any form of collision with aircraft. The Ground Support Equipment, which can both be remotely and manually operated, thereby making usage very flexible, can be used for both wide and narrow body aircraft seamlessly. “Just like the Passenger Steps, the Conveyor belts are the latest model in the aviation market, they are equipped with Aircraft Proximity Censor, which gives a signal when approaching the aircraft to avoid collision and they can go as high as 6ft, unlike the old model which could only do about 3 feet. Meanwhile, the company has also bagged ‘The Most Impactful Aviation Ground Handling Company of the Year’ award courtesy of the Association of Foreign Airlines and Representatives in Nigeria (AFARN). The award, was presented to SAHCO during AFARN’s 2019 Summit/Awards in Lagos, with the Theme: ‘Unlocking Potentials in the Aviation Industry Through Safety. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!