The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lieutenant General Tukur Yusuf Buratai, has reiterated the Nigerian Army’s resolve to fully support the ongoing peace process embarked upon between the Zamfara State governments and bandits. This is contained in a statement signed by the Acting Director, Army Public Relations, Colonel Sagir Musa, and made available to journalists in Sokoto, on Tuesday. The statement revealed that Buratai made the remarks when he paid a courtesy visit to the Governor of Zamfara State in Gusau. According to the statement, “he expressed confidence in the peace process as an opportunity for the unrepentant bandits to lay down their arms and key into the peace process, while calling on them to use the opportunity to hand over their weapons, otherwise, they will be faced with aggressive and offensive operations. Oyinlola mourns Ogunrinade, pioneer Osun PDP chairman Pirates kidnap 2 policemen, boatman in Rivers Rwanda launches ‘first made-in-Africa’… Taraba killing: Army BOI submits report, recommends… ALSO READ:  Lagos Assembly calls LASEPA, Min. of Environment to investigate water pollution at Somolu “The Army Chief implored the general public to continue to support the Nigerian Army by providing credible information that can assist or enhance their operations.” It will be recalled that the Army chief was also in the state on Sunday, 6th of October and Monday, 7th of October 2019 on an operational visit to the troops in 1 Brigade Area of Responsibility. Buratai interacted with the troops fighting bandits, cattle rustlers, kidnappers and armed robbers as well as other forms of banditry in Zamfara and adjoining communities. He charged them to decisively deal with unrepentant criminals, adhere to extant Rules of Engagement and Code of Conduct as well as respect human rights of all law-abiding citizens. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!