Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu presiding over the case of Omoyele Sowore, the convener of #RevolutionNow and 2019 presidential candidate of African Action Congress (AAC), has expressed concerns that Sowore is yet to meet his bail conditions. While ruling on the application for the variation of bail conditions put forward by Sowore’s counsel, Mr Femi Falana, on Monday, Ojukwu said: “Considering the pedigree of the first defendant as observed in his application, it is rather unfortunate that no one is willing to stand as his surety on those terms. “On the other hand, it creates an assumption that despite the pedigree of the first defendant, none of his best associates is willing to stand for him. This poses a cause for concern.” She explained that the bail sum is not required to be deposited but when a court makes an order for security, the secure money is later returned to the surety. ALSO READ: PDP jittery over increasing acceptability of Bello/Onoja ― Ohikere OCP joins World Business Council for sustainable development Buhari, Putin to strengthen Nigeria-Russia relations Nigeria ranks highest among countries with burden of sickle… UPDATE: FEC okays April 18 as take-off date for new minimum… Recall that Sowore has been in the custody of the Department of State Services (DSS) for 77 days as he was arrested in Lagos, August 3, 2019. At the commencement of the hearing on Monday, Mr Femi Falana informed the court of the motion seeking a variation of the bail conditions. In the ruling, Ojukwu waived the earlier requirement that one of Sowore’s suretees deposits N50 million as security. She also reduced Bakare’s bail from N50m to N20m. She also maintained the bail sum for Sowore which was put at N100 million with two sureties in like sum. She also maintained that all other conditions remain the same. The case was then adjourned till November 6. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!