Former Nigeria Ambassador to the Philippines, Dr Yemi Farounbi, has described one of the faith-based universities in the country,  Bowen University Iwo, Osun State, as a blessing to country and great to reckon with in the Nigerian university education sector. He made the remark recently at a programme organised to mark the second anniversary of Bowen University’s Radio Station, held recently in the university. According to him, from empirical study, Bowen has carved out its own niche in the entrepreneurship education development process to meet global standard, and going by what the university has put in place in terms of teaching and research, facilities and experienced personnel, it has the capacity to produce sound graduates that can influence their immediate environments positively. He added that Bowen is a great institution and a great centre of excellence where leaders are trained and will be willing to pursue excellence at all times. Farounbi asserted that Bowen University is endowed with ultramodern teaching aids and conducive learning. JOHESU urges Oyo, Osun to resolve LAUTECH crisis M.D School embarks on 2019 community project JAMB CBT: NYSC to train 500 students in Enugu GCI Alumni to mark 90th anniversary with 300m hostel He said that an ideal learning institution should be a skill development centre, a dynamic institution that would focus on quality and integrity education, well equipped to raise Godly and well-rounded graduates. ALSO READ: 20 Corps members to repeat service year in Kwara Speaking in the same vein, the vice-chancellor of the university, Professor Joshua Ogunwole, reiterated the vision of the university to promote innovation and entrepreneurial education with to be taught with godliness, excellence and responsibility. He said: “We are building a city where things work. There is no sustainable leadership that can be fashioned out if it is not premised on the foundation of godliness, excellence and innovation. “We are producing graduates that can create jobs and add value to their immediate environment and at the global level. Recently, our students won an international competition based on research in the area of computer programming, which involved not less 13 universities, including state and federal universities. “Our students’ excellent performance in the said competition qualified it to lead Nigerian contingent drawn from other universities in the country to represent Nigeria in Cairo for the international category of the competition, which will involve other universities across the globe.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!