Steve Eboh, Nollywood actor and Chairman of  National Electoral Committee of the Actors Guild of Nigeria(AGN), has pledged the committee’s commitment to ensure that the forthcoming election for the guild is credible. Eboh, popularly known as Ajebo, stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. According to him, the election is slated to take place at the 2019 National Convention of the AGN scheduled to hold on Oct. 30 to 31 in Uyo, Akwa-Ibom. He explained that having passed through the leadership crisis in the recent past, it was imperative to have an election that would produce leaders that would build on the success recorded by the current executives of the guild. “As an electoral committee, we are determined to have credible elections in Uyo, in order to build a strong, united and peaceful guild for Nigerian actors. “We are expecting nine delegates from every state, apart from observers, because constitutionally, we operate the guild with nine executives both at the state and national levels. “There is an office of the president and nine other positions to be contested for, including six zonal vice presidents coming from the six geo-political zones,” he explained. Eboh, a former vice president and former chairman National Caretaker Committee of the AGN, also said that a new constitution would also be unveiled by the guild at the conference. Davido, Chioma welcome 1st baby in London When Ebenezer Obey donated archival works to FCE, Osiele… Kizz Daniel empowers, fights against abuse with  “Pak N Go” Syndik8 events & PR launched in Ibadan ALSO READ: Actors Guild urges Sanwo-Olu to stick to Lagos State’s developmental master plan He noted that besides the election, the conference would present an opportunity for interaction between the actors, relevant stakeholders and their fans. “Particularly, interactions of the stars with the public and their fans, and there would be a novelty football match also. “There is a going to be the presentation of a documentary of what the present government of National Unity has done within the last two years. Also, Sani Danja, ace actor and musician and member of the electoral committee, said that there was need to have a formidable guild for Nigerian actors. He, therefore, urged all delegates to attend the conference and participate in the forthcoming elections. NAN recalls that after a successive factional leadership crisis, the AGN in August 2017  had a Peace and Reconciliation Conference in Awka, Anambra, in which an open election was also conducted. Its current president, Emeka Rollas, and other executives were then elected to serve a two-year term, with the first mandate of healing the ‘wounds’ of the past and reconciling warring factions. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!