Worried by the deplorable conditions of the nation’s highways, the House of Representatives on Thursday resolved to probe all the roads constructed by the Federal Government across the country since 2007 to date This followed the adoption of a motion moved by Hon Dachung Musa Bagus under matters of urgent Public importance titled “Motion on the Daily death of Nigerians as a result of bad roads in Nigeria” at the plenary Consequently, the House mandated the Committee on Federal Roads Maintenance Agency, FERMA, Chaired by Hon Richard Olufemi Bamisile to investigate all roads constructed by the Federal government since 2007 till date and report to the House within few weeks for further legislative action. The House equally urged the Federal Government through the Federal Ministry of Works and FERMA to include the construction and rehabilitation of the bad roads in the country in the priority list for the 2020 budget According to Hon Bagus, “Notes the challenges caused by poor nature of our roads in the country which are in a deplorable condition which make it difficult for road users and commuters to record avoidable loss of life and enormous damage to vehicles ” Also notes that most Federal Highways were constructed in the 1970s and since then no major quality construction or rehabilitation has been carried out on these important links ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/senators-decry-multiple-road-contract-awards/ Worker’s salary increase: Buhari is ready for honest,… zero tolerance on maternal mortality has paid off ― Aisha… Gov Bello provides free stationeries for Kogi pupils,… NILDS, stakeholders applaud FG’s direct payment of… “Further notes that these Federal Highways have been death traps, most of the routes that link further states to the Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Abuja, are at the verge of being cut off from being part of the federating units of Nigeria ” Concerned that if urgent measures are not taken to rehabilitate roads in order to improve the economic and commercial activities of the people in terms of infrastructural development, they will continue to wallop in abject poverty which can lead to the total collapse of the social infrastructure ‘This can threaten the existence of some States as federating units of the Federal Republic of Nigeria if severed from the road network to the Federal Capital Territory.’ While moving the motion, Hon Bagus raised the alarm that more Nigerians have been killed on the nation’s highways due to the deplorable conditions of the roads than the dreaded Book haram insurgency despite several billions of Naira spent on the roads over the years. According to him,” only yesterday a bridge collapsed in Ekiti State and people died in the process, people die on the roads on daily basis, all the roads are in a sorry state ” We as lawmakers, we must urgently address the issue because if we don’t do something now, we will not be able to reach the next level of greatness of our dream” When the motion was put into voice by the Speaker, Hon Feni Gbajabiamila who presided over the plenary, it was unanimously supported. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.