An Igbosere High Court, sitting in Lagos, on Wednesday refused the bail application of a member of the vigilante group, Ibrahim Lawal, accused of killing Abdullahi Adedeji by shooting him. The defendant, Lawal, upon his arraignment pleaded not guilty to a count charge of manslaughter preferred against him by the Lagos State Government. Justice Adedayo Akintoye, after listening to the bail application and objection by the state prosecutor, said: “to grant or refuse bail is at the discretion of the court”. ALSO READ: Most Nigeria abattoirs are not compliant with international standard ― experts According to Akintoye, manslaughter is a serious offence. “I will not grant bail to the defendant, but will instruct the prosecutor to expedite prosecution of this case,” she said. The judge, however, remanded the defendant in prison, while the case was adjourned until Nov.14 for trial. Earlier, counsel to the defendant’s, Mr Ambali Alimi, urged the court to grant bail to his client. Cybercrime: MAPOLY student jailed, two others arraigned in… Community petitions NHRC, demands N3b compensation We are committed to making Lagos roads motorable – FG Lagos-Ibadan standard guage: LASTMA announces road closure… Alimi said that the defendant had been in detention since November 2014. He said the defendant has credible sureties and would not interfere with the case if granted bail. Alimi said the defendant had submitted a form he filled as a member of a vigilante group in Lagos State as an exhibit in his bail application. He pleaded that he would not jump bail if granted. Opposing the bail application, Mr Yusuf Sule, the state prosecutor, said that the offence committed by the defendant “is capital in nature”. Sule had told the court that the defendant committed the offence on Nov. 2, 2014, at 8.30 p.m at Itire Road, Ajegunle, Lagos. He said that the defendant killed the deceased by shooting him, claiming that he shot into the air. The prosecutor said the offence contravened Section 227 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. NAN.https://newsroom.nan.ng/manslaughter-court-declines-bail-application-of-vigilance-group-member/ SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!