Chairman, Senate Committee on Federal Character Commission, Danjuma La’ah, has said his Committee would get to the root of alleged recruitment scandal rocking certain federal agencies and expose those involved. Among the affected agencies are, the Federal Inland Revenue Service, National Drugs Law Enforcement Agency, National Space Research and Development Agency and the National Open University. Others are, the Federal Civil Service Commission; the University of Abuja Teaching Hospital; Rural Electrification Agency and the Nigerian Navy. The Senate Commitee, on Federal Character following the resolution of the Red Chamber had recently summoned some of the agencies fingered in alleged secret recruitment exercises. But findings revealed that the Senator La’ah has been hindered in carrying out its investigation following startling revelations that certain senators, including principal officers benefited from the secret recruitment. Some of the indicted agencies were believed to have been generous with the slots as they extended it to senators. Findings revealed that the agencies have been indifferent towards the investigation of the Senator La’ah, Committee believing that it would not rock the boat. But speaking with newsmen on Tuesday, Senator La’ah denied the insinuation as he declared that he was not aware that his colleagues were beneficiaries of the recruitment scam. He said, “I am not aware that any agency gave out employment slot to the Senate. Delta govt gets tough against sanitation offenders in Asaba,… Minimum wage: FG, Labour shift ground, negotiations continue… Stop dreaming of one-party state, third term in Nigeria ―… NDDC: Ministry transmits Commission’s 2019 budget to… The leadership has not told us that they receive any slot. So, who did they give? As the Chairman of this Committee, who is also representing Kaduna South, I was not in any way, aware that we have been given any employment slot so we are going ahead with our probe. I have taken it upon myself that I will probe deeply into the agencies’ claims and carry out an extensive investigation. We are going to expose all those that are tarnishing the image of the Federal Government. “We are aware that some of the agencies are selling the employment slots at their own disposal. They are commercialising employment, selling a single slot for as much as N1.5m when we have children who have graduated from tertiary institutions who could not get any job for many years. It is not their fault. It is because of the situation of this country. “Some people are just taking Nigerians for a granted. Our children are suffering, running from one end to another, looking for jobs. Some have become bandits and terrorists because the jobs meant for them have been cornered by some greedy people. The young educated Nigerians are joining Boko Haram because of lack of jobs. “When thousands of qualified graduates are looking for jobs, some people will just be taking government jobs for their family members simply because they are in position of authority. They will even go ahead to give the jobs to those who graduated with fake results.” He restated his conviction to expose those involved in the alleged shady recruitment even if they were serving lawmakers. “I don’t care (whether they gave out slots to leadership) Is it the leadership that will give them the backing ? The leadership knows that I am capable of doing my job that is why they gave me that responsibility. “I am using my sense to fish out the bad elements. It is not a leadership directive. There are rules and regulations guiding us as a committee. The affected agencies should either present themselves for clearance because I will not take it easy. Our people have suffered in bondage for long.” On when the agencies must appear before the committee to defend themselves, Senator La’ah said, “Never mind, they must appear soon” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!