An 86-year-old man, Umoru Samuel, was on Saturday killed while trying to separate his son and a neighbour who were fighting over a misunderstanding at Okeagbe Akoko in Akoko North West Local Government Area of Ondo State. Samuel was reportedly pushed by the neighbour, Leye Rufus Abeleje, who lived at Oge quarters of Okeagbe Akoko, which resulted in his death. According to a source, all efforts to save the life of the old man were not successful as he was confirmed dead at the hospital. The source explained that Samuel was recuperating from an illness before the fateful incident. He said the old man tried to pacify Abeleje who was beating the old man’s son and was pushed by Abeleje and died in the process saying the unfortunate incident threw the entire community into confusion. Confirming the incident, the Area Commander of Ikare unit of the Ondo State Police Command, Razak Rauf, said the suspect has been arrested by Police while investigation has begun into the matter. UNILORIN win 3rd JAMB tertiary institutions football tourney FG did not reject our offer to repair federal roads linking… Gowon harps on industrialisation to drive export Buhari charges new Odole Oodua, Kessington Adebutu on… ALSO READ: Seven killed in Gov Obaseki’s convoy accident • Driver, others injured In another development, a commercial motorcycle operator also died in Okeagbe after ramming into a car, the passenger, on the other hand, sustained injuries in the process. It was gathered that the motorcyclist rammed into a car while the driver of the car was trying to open the door. An eye witness explained that the commercial motorcycle rider was on top speed before hitting the car. He said that Okada rider and the passenger were rushed to the hospital but the rider gave up at the hospital while the passenger has been on admission, having sustained various degrees of injuries. The Commander of Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Ikare unit, Mr. Yinka Akande, who confirmed the incident, attributed the accident to lack of patience and recklessness on the part of the motorcyclist. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....