Sokoto state Governor, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, has been nominated by the  National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) for its public service meritorious award as the best performing governor in Nigeria in the education category between the year  2015 to 2019. The national president of the association, Comrade Danielson Bamidele Akpan, stated this while presenting the nomination letter to the governor at Government House Sokoto. He disclosed that the said award presentation ceremony is scheduled to hold on November 17th at the International Conference Center Abuja. The  NANS president, therefore, applauds the giant strides of governor Tambuwal in education and human capital development especially the construction of the ultra-modern library and sixty offices in the state university. ALSO READ: Grassroots, strength of our party ― Bello/Onoja campaign council Doctor suspended after baby born without face Grassroots, strength of our party ― Bello/Onoja campaign… EFCC urges NBA to sanction lawyer for suing commission at… Bayelsa commissioner makes U-turn, declares support for… Comrade Danielson Bamidele Akpan further noted with satisfaction the infrastructural change brought about by Tambuwal Administration in primary and secondary schools across the state. Comrade Danielson Bamidele Akpan thanked the governor for including youths in governance and appealed to him to appoint more into various positions in government. Responding, Sokoto state governor, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, while welcoming the National President and his team to the state, urged the Nigerian youths to brace up for the challenge of leadership by believing in themselves. Tambuwal, however, challenged them to go through the due electoral process to take their rightful position, saying leaders in the country should continue to see Nigerians as one family for the progress and development of the nation. Governor Tambuwal stressed the need for the devolution of power rather than the restructuring of the country. He, therefore, called for the review of the country’s revenue sharing formula as provided for in the constitution. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!