The founder and Presiding Bishop of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries Ibadan, Bishop Francis Wale Oke, on Thursday, stated that the Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, is not guilty of corruption and has not engaged in any filthy activity. Bishop Oke, who made this assertion while receiving the Nigeria Association of Women Journalists (NAWOJ), Oyo State branch at his church, Covenant Arena, added that when the news went viral, some Christian elders visited Prof Osinbajo to know the veracity of the news making the rounds and he not only denied involving himself in any sleaze and shenanigans but also used the opportunity to inform them that some cabals were behind the allegations and accusations. The renowned cleric noted that Nigerians must learn to reward committed, loyal and patriotic citizens in a positive way while they should also expose people who are corrupt, recalling how the Vice President in a meeting in Ibadan with church leaders across Nigeria, craved for support for President Muhammadu Buhari, who many people thought was a Muslim fundamentalist and capable of Islamising the country. ALSO READ:  Oyo Assembly bemoans death of five residents, collapsed bridges Worker’s salary increase: Buhari is ready for honest,… zero tolerance on maternal mortality has paid off ― Aisha… Gov Bello provides free stationeries for Kogi pupils,… NILDS, stakeholders applaud FG’s direct payment of… “The VP is always reaching out to Christians leaders on the need to support President Buhari; he is too loyal to a fault. So, those plotting his downfall through orchestrated campaigns should fear God. This man is not corrupt. He has being a friend for many years,” he maintained. Bishop Oke also spoke against people that violate women and children, condemning the fact that cases of such nature are on the increase and calling for a functional Family Court would help to reduce cases of rape in the society. The Bishop, who is also the National Deputy President of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), advocated further that any offender of gender-Based violence must be prosecuted and sentenced according to the law of the land. He also commended the Jadesola Ajibola led executive for the outstanding work done to support the development of the state, assuring that his church would always rally round the association when the need be. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.