Members of the senate and house committees on tertiary education and state on Tuesday lauded the Registrar of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) Prof Ishaq Oloyede, over the improvement in the performance of the board. The committees particularly noted the improvement in service delivery and remittance of over N3 billion to the purse of the federal government by JAMB under Oloyede. Oloyede had appeared before the joint sitting of the committees along with minister of education, Mallam Adamu Adamu, to defend the budget of the education sector. Although Adamu defended the 2020 budget of the ministry, the joint sitting took note of the exceptional performance of JAMB under Oloyede. After the minister presented the overall budget before the two committees, the registrar of JAMB was called to make his presentation. Oloyede, who reviewed the performance of the 2019 budget, revealed that JAMB had stopped receiving capital allocation and overhead allocation from the federal government since 2017. He said the board had taken over the total funding of its capital and overhead cost. A member of the Senate committee on tertiary Ed and the senator representing Ebonyi North senatorial district, Senator Sam Egwu, commended the registrar for “repositioning JAMB from negativity to positivity.” IPPIS: ASUU, Accountant-General trade blame over October 31… Senate kicks against allocation of N600 million to… Assault: He must sleep in cell before accepting his apology… After undercover report on Police, Prisons, Nigerians ask FG… ALSO READ: IPPIS violates university autonomy ― ASUU Egwu said when he was the minister of education, “the Registrar then was among the top vice-chancellors. Supporting the assertion, the senator representing Ogun West senatorial district, Tolu Odebiyi, said Oloyede had turned the board around. He commended the remittances of the Board for the past three years to the Federation Account. Oloyede in his presentation, however, said JAMB had set aside another N2billion for capital development. He said: “A major problem of the board is examination malpractice and the involvement of parents who actually are the perpetrators. “The Board has no problem that is insurmountable since I have been appointed to solve the problems, lamenting about problems would be of no use. “The Board as usual, despite the reduction of application cost by 30 per cent has returned N3b to FGN this year apart from the N2billion set aside for capital development. The Board shall aspire to make higher returns next year while making considerable improvement in the quality of its services.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!