Security operatives in Ondo State, in conjunction with local hunters, have arrested seven members of a kidnap syndicate who have been terrorising residents of Ajowa, Akunu and Auga Akoko in Akoko North-West Local Government Area of the state. The suspects were arrested on Friday after three of their victims escaped and alerted some hunters who also informed the security operatives in the area. It was gathered that the suspected kidnappers, last Wednesday, abducted a secondary school teacher, Alhaji Jamiu Zakariyahu, who was coming from mosque around 8:00 p.m. Zakariyahu was bundled into a waiting vehicle and was dragged into the forest where they walked all through the night before getting to the kidnappers’ den. A source disclosed that the abducted teacher explained that he was blindfolded through the journey and that they met two other victims at the kidnappers’ den. “The victims were tied with ropes, with their faces covered, while the abductors were negotiating N10 million ransom with families of the victims. Abandoned by husband, 42-year-old woman delivers baby in… Police arrest Oyo Assembly security guards over theft of… Court remands 2 friends for unlawful possession of cannabis Suspected assassins kill LG lawmaker in Delta “The kidnappers reduced the ransom to N250,000 and were waiting for the payment before the victims could be released. “But three of the victims were able to escape. They met some local hunters who informed security operatives in the town, a development that made then comb the forest, leading to the arrest of the kidnappers,” he said. He expressed surprise over the arrest of the leader of the syndicate, Wasiu Muhammed, who was said to be son of a traditional chief in the town. He disclosed that the arrest of Muhammed led to the arrest of other members of the group whose locations were scattered across Akoko communities. The Area Commander of Ikare area of the state Police Command, Rasak Rauf, who met with stakeholders in the area over the incident, called for more measures and synergy with the security operatives to stem kidnapping and other crimes in the area. He advised stakeholders to always inform the police about strange faces and movements in their areas. He disclosed that the suspects had been transferred to the state police command in Akure, the state capital. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!