Accountant-General of the Federation(AGF), Ahmed Idris has tasked the Nigerian Law School to endeavour to contribute part of their Internally Generated Revenue to the national purse. Idris gave the charge when a delegation from the Nigerian Law School, led by the Director-General, Prof Isa Hayatu Chiroma visited him in Abuja. In a statement, Idris said the national purse from where government funds its ministries, departments and agencies (MDAs), is a pool of contributions from various sources, thus the Nigerian Law School should be able to contribute its own quota, no matter how meagre. “From the revenue, the Nigerian Law School is generating, are you contributing to the national purse? “When talking about internally generated revenue, the little you contribute will help increase government revenue. The Nigerian Law School should contribute in its modest way by giving something back. BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… ALSO READ:  Progressives has lost a decent politician in Senator Akinfenwa ― Fayemi “The institution raises revenue, so something should be given back”, Idris said. Responding to requests by the delegation, the Accountant-General assured that his office will support the institution to get the issues resolved as soon as possible. Idris said the request for increased funding, capturing of the institution’s staff into the IPPIS platform and release of pending funds will be looked into and resolved. He commended the delegation for the visit, which he said was the first by the management of the institution, adding that this will cement the relationship between the institution and the Office of the Accountant-General of the Federation. Earlier, the leader of the delegation and Director-General of the Nigerian Law School, Prof Isa Hayatu Chiroma, had informed the Accountant-General of the Federation that the delegation was in his office to intimate him of the challenges facing the institution and seek his assistance to resolve them. Prof Chiroma had, among other things, requested for increased funding of the institution and integration of six staff recently employed by the institution into the IPPIS platform. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!