President Muhammadu Buhari has promised a reinvigoration of Nigeria-Russia relations to bolster an age-long relationship that has been mutually rewarding and promising. He said fresh energy will be injected into the relations while calling for a stronger partnership that is humane, inclusive and diversified. He made the declaration in a statement on Thursday at the second plenary of the Russia-Africa Summit, in Sochi, Russia where more than 40 leaders are participating. A statement by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) noted that President Buhari said the initial warmth and harmony enjoyed with the former USSR after Nigeria’s independence in 1960 should be revitalised so that citizens of both countries can benefit from socio-cultural, educational, technological and trade exchange. The statement pointed out that Russia-Africa Summit is co-chaired by President Vladimir Putin of Russia and African Union Chairman and President of the Arab Republic of Egypt, Abdel Fattah El-Sisi. It quoted the President as saying: “Nigeria’s relations with Russia just like the rest of Africa began during the Soviet era when diplomatic relations were first established in 1960. That relationship covered areas such as education, healthcare, solid minerals development and military assistance, especially during Nigeria’s civil war. “More recently, our partnership has extended to the oil and gas sector as well as military and technical assistance in support of our fight against Boko Haram insurgency. At this point, I would once again like to thank His Excellency, President Putin for his support especially in the area of security. “It is my hope that through this forum, Russia and Africa will revitalise their time-tested relationship by exploring new opportunities for the collective benefit of our peoples.” President Buhari said the collapse of the USSR in 1991 affected relations between Russia and African nations, which lagged behind historical levels, noting that the former Soviet Union had been a key partner of Africa. Ministry of Works to prioritise completion of ongoing road… Era of monumental decay in varsities over ― TETFund boss Putin touts strengthening Russian military ties with Africa Two people dead in protest against Ethiopian PM Abiy ALSO READ: Russia to support construction of 1,400km rail track from Lagos to Calabar ― Presidency He added: “We all remember the strong support we received from the former Soviet Union in our anti-colonial struggles. Africa will continue to remember this, and many other significant gestures of solidarity and support that shaped our history as a continent. We are eternally grateful to the Soviet Union for coming to the aid of Africa in its hour of need. “As we live in an increasingly changing world driven by trade, technology and innovation, the time has come to inject new energy and pragmatism in Africa-Russia relations for the mutual benefit of both Africa and Russia.” President Buhari said the mutually beneficial relationship must go beyond trade and business to address challenges like counter-terrorism, poverty eradication, human and drug trafficking, illicit financial flows, climate change and migration. “Our continent is rich in human and natural resources but is lagging behind in capital and technology. This is why we see increased conflict, migration and instability that is also impacting many nations outside Africa. “On our part, we in Africa have continued to view Regional Integration as a key development priority.  Our integration is one that seeks to address our infrastructure deficit, conflicts and terrorism, climate change, human trafficking and trade,’’ the President told the leaders at the summit. According to President Buhari, the inclusive economic diversification agenda of Africa, captured in the visionary Agenda 2063, will forge a new Nigeria-Russia cooperation, pointing out that progress had been witnessed in areas of power generation, solid minerals development and rail transportation. President Buhari said the progress should be expanded to agriculture, manufacturing and other means of transportation, adding that “we already have over 200 Nigerian university students in Russia benefiting from Russian Government scholarships which have been on-going since 1960. “Earlier this year, Nigeria signed a Bilateral Education Agreement (BEA) with Russia which will expand the human capital development support we are already receiving.’’ Quoting late Dr Martin Luther King, Jnr, the President said peace and prosperity can only be achieved through collaboration and mutual respect. “We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!