NIGERIA will be spending N82.2 million to manage the sewage system in the presidency in 2020. A perusal of the detailed 2020 budget proposal of the Federal Government currently being scrutinised by the National Assembly showed that the presidency, which comprises the president’s quarters, the vice president’s quarters, the Lagos Liaison Office, the Office of the Senior Special Assistant on Sustainable Development Goals and the National Institute of Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, will jointly spend N82.2 million on sewage. Others to benefit from the budget include the Bureau of Public Enterprises, Bureau of Public Procurement (BPP), Nigeria Extractive Industry Transparency Initiative (NEITI) and the National Atomic Energy Commission. The State House is proposing to pay N45,418,735 as sewage charges, while the Lagos Liaison Office will spend N4,259,533 for the same purpose. The Office of the Senior Special Assistant on SDGs is committing N1.8 million to sewage management; NIPSS, Kuru, will spend N3.7 million; Bureau of Public Enterprises, N3.7 million and N5 million on cleaning and fumigation; the BPP is setting aside N1.4 million as sewage charges. NEITI and Atomic Energy Agency will spend N2.8 million and N1.5 million, respectively. The president will also spend N2.35 million on cooking gas and N18.2 million on refreshment. On foodstuff, cooking, refreshment and meals, the president’s side of the State House will spend N135.6 million; N50.8 million on foodstuff; N2.3 million on cooking gas, while another N23.2 million will go to welfare packages. The vice president and other officials have also been allocated various sums to cater for meals, refreshment and cooking gas in the proposed budget. BREAKING: Shi’ites react as police fire shots, teargas on processing members Senate appropriation committee chair rejects secret budget defence sessions Meanwhile, the chairman of the Senate Committee on Appropriation, Barau Jibrin (APC, Kano North) has faulted the adoption of secret meetings with ministers and senior officials of federal agencies at the National Assembly for budget defence. Certain joint committees of the National Assembly had during the week shut their doors against newsmen waiting to cover budget defence proceedings. But speaking with journalists on Friday, Senator Jibrin frowned at the secrecy trailing the process as he noted that budget defence was supposed to be done in the open. He said: “Neither the Senate as a body nor the appropriation committee coordinating the entire process gave such a directive to any committee to hold a budget defence session in secret with officials from the executive arm of government. “I saw the story in the newspaper today and I am not happy about it, if actually the method was used by the affected committees. “I know that such a trend will not continue from next week because Nigerians, right from the budget defence sessions, are supposed to know what and what the parliament and the executive are planning for them. “The budgets being discussed or defended by the affected agencies are, more or less, for Nigerians, the very reason why such an assignment should be carried out in the open with attendance of journalists who are to report the details of what transpired at each of the session.” He, however, clarified that closed-door sessions might be held by committees on oversight on the military, police and other security agencies at certain stages. “For security reasons, committees over-sighting the various military outfits  and police may, at critical stages, hold closed-door sessions but this is not expected of other committees, especially on the issue of budget defence, being financial proposals meant for societal advancement,” he said.  Why Lagos is flooded: Atlantic Ocean full, can’t take… More trouble for Lagos-Ibadan Expressway users Oyo to construct N8bn Iwo Road interchange in 11 months Road accidents claim 275 lives in 6 months in N/East Lawmakers fault allocation for Interior ministry In a related development, the joint committee of the Senate and the House of Representatives on interior has faulted the budgetary allocation to the Ministry of Interior for next year. In the budget proposal unveiled by President Muhammadu Buhari, the sum of N35 billion was provided for recurrent and capital expenditures for the ministry. A former Borno State governor and chairman of the Senate Committee on Interior, Kashim Shettima, described the allocation as meager, considering the security challenges facing the country. He asked the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregebesola, who was invited for the defence of his ministry’s budget, to request for additional budgetary provision. “The amount for the Army and the Interior was negligible. How do you intend to convince your colleagues in the Federal Executive Council to give more, considering the existential threat of insecurity? So, I am taking this challenge to you,” Shettima said Senator George Sekibo representing Rivers East district spoke in the same vein and accused certain agencies under the ministry of using analogue ideas to tackle modern challenges which require deployment of technology. “I will raise my concern from the introductory words of your presentation. I don’t think your ministry is meeting up with its target objectives. Maybe there is no money. When you closed the official borders, what happens to the unofficial borders close to 2,000? “The Nigeria Immigration Service is saying it would recruit men to go into the bush to chase criminals. I think we are in the digital age. You can do better as a former governor and most of our problems have to do with interior, most of our problems, from banditry to kidnapping and Boko Haram. “You don’t have the money, tell your colleagues in the FEC that you need more money since you supervise directly, the internal security of this country,” he said. Sekibo also accused the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and the police of connivance with pipeline vandals to frustrate movement of petroleum products to the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) depots. “Your ministry has a lot of work to do because Nigeria is losing a lot of money,” the lawmaker added. Senator Chukwuka Utazi representing Enugu North described the living conditions of prisoners as appalling and asked Aregbesola to initiate measures to turn it to real reformation centres. “The daily ration for prisoners is not meant to make them sane people. What you give to them isn’t acceptable anywhere. We visit prisons. They sleep in tonnes, adults, men and women,” Utazi said. He equally asked Aregbesola to push for more recruitment of able Nigerians into the NSCDC to address security challenges and unemployment. In his response, the Interior Minister said he was helpless to push for additional allocation, submitting that he was not ignorant of the paucity of fund to run the economy. He assured the lawmakers that he would think out of the box to generate fund to make the agencies under him active to perform their statutory responsibilities. “I went to the FEC, ready to debate but when I listened to the Finance Minister, I couldn’t say a word. I knew the only responsible thing to do was to keep quiet. What I can guarantee you is prudence, accountability and I can guarantee innovation. We shall do our best to make sure that you are proud of us. We shall do our best to get results without breaking the rules on due process. “On non-release of capital budget, no one is happy not to have releases but we must situate it. If you look at revenue sources, we will realise the difficulty but I will do my best. “On prison, no sane person will want to be in any way connected to concentration camps. I won’t say more than that but we will think out of the box. Not much can be done but we shall be creative. We can turn our correctional facilities to enterprise centres,” Aregbesola said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....