President Muhammadu Buhari, on Saturday in Ile-Ife, Osun State, tasked the new Odole Oodua, Sir Kesington Adebutu, to see his new traditional title as an opportunity to promote Yoruba cultural heritage and values. Speaking during the coronation rites for Adebutu, Buhari, who was represented by the Minister for Interior, Mr Rauf Aregbesola, described the Yoruba ethnic group as great, saying “before somebody can be conferred with Odole Oodua title, such a person must be eminent and he must have contributed immensely to humanity and the society.” According to Buhari, “I am happy that Sir Kesington Adebutu is being conferred with this title today and I pray that his reign as Odole Oodua would be eventful. I am sure you know the significance of this title bearing in mind great Nigerians, including the sage and former Premier Western Region, Chief Obafemi Awolowo and late Chief G.O.K Ajayi, who in the past held the title of Odole Oodua. “We were aware of the positive impacts of these past two Odole Oodua. They ensured that there was healthy relationship between Yoruba and other tribes in Nigeria. But I believe that you (Adebutu) would do more than that. “You have been a philanthropist who usually helps the poor and the needy in the society. As the holder of this title, you should provide exemplary leadership as you have always been. I want to remind our traditional rulers to be agents of peace, unity and development in their respective domains. “We must all strive to preserve and promote our cultural heritage. I want to commend the Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Adeyeye Ogunwusi for leading the vanguard of monarchs promoting our cultural values. As Odole Oodua, you should play active role in promoting Yoruba cultural heritage and values. Lion escapes from Kano Zoological garden 2023: Why Igbo man must be president —Nwodo Lack of autonomy killing varsities —Ex-UCH CMD Again 22 females, 125 males rescued in Kaduna ALSO READ: NDDC ministry yet to transmit 2019, 2020 budget estimates to Presidency, NASS “The task of promoting the study of Yoruba language in Nigerian universities is a major assignment for the new Odole Oodua. Endowment of chair of knowledge of Yoruba language in Nigerian universities should be the main priority of Odole Oodua.” In his remark, the son of Sir Kesington Adebutu, Honorable Ladi Adebutu commended the Ooni of Ife for honouring his family with the conferment of Odole Oodua title on his father. “We are part of you and will always be ready to support you. This is the source of mankind. Yorubaland will not lag behind in Nigeria. We need to sustain the unity and peace in Yorubaland and the entire country. The challenge of Mr President regarding the promotion of Yoruba cultural heritage and values would be the reflection of thought for the new Odole Oodua,” he stated. Dignitaries at event include former President Olusegun Obasanjo, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo; Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu; Ogun State governor, Dapo Abiodun; former governor of Ogun State, Otunba Gbenga Daniel; ex governor of Ogun State, Chief Segun Osoba; Senator Oluremi Tinubu and the chairman African Newspapers of Nigeria (ANN) Plc, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu. Others include Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola; Chief Ayo Adebanjo, Senator Babafemi Ojudu, Minister of Interior and immediate past governor of Osun State, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola; Publisher of Ovation Magazine, Chief Dele Momodu, Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, Otunba Gani Adams and General Oladipupo Diya (rtd), among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....