A joint inspection task force from the Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) and the Lagos State Environmental Protection Agency (LASEPA), late on Sunday evening, discovered five containers containing rotten foods and other products like fish and other edibles inside the Sifax Offdock Terminal in Trinity area of Olodi-Apapa, Lagos. The joint inspection team which was led by the Director-General of LASEMA, Dr Olufemi Oke Osanyintolu and the Director-General, LASEPA, Dr Rasewe stormed the facility close to midnight of Sunday following reports of air pollution and release of toxic gas into the environment by residents in Trinity area of Olodi-Apapa in Lagos. During the inspection of 25 containers, the joint-team discovered edibles including fish which had become rotten due to faulty refrigerators in five containers. ALSO READ: Edo 2020: Facilities to be ready before Dec. 31 ― Deputy Governor We rely on National Assembly to do the needful ― Akpabio Edo 2020: Facilities to be ready before Dec. 31 ― Deputy… Stanbic IBTC graduates 16th batch of trainees PDP, Atiku plotting to malign Supreme Court Justices, APC… The DG/CEO LASEMA observed the absence of emergency action, preparedness plan and appropriate safety measures in place to curtail such incidence and guard against re-occurence. According to the Spokesman of LASEMA, Nosa Okunbor, “A total number of 25 containers were inspected and five containers laden with edibles have faulty refrigerators. The edibles have therefore defrosted and have become rotten causing severe health hazard to the environment. “A total number of 13 houses are located on the street where the containers are located, leaving huge impact on four houses, namely houses number 2, 4, 6 and 8 of Trinity Close, Apapa. The inspection took place close to midnight of Sunday.” A staff of Sifax Group who wouldn’t want to be quoted confirmed the incidence and said that the representatives of the company are currently in a meeting at LASEPA headquarters in Alausa to resolve the issue. Efforts to get the Sifax Group Spokesman, Mr Muyiwa Akande as at the time of filing in this report proved abortive as he stated that he is currently in a meeting in Alausa over the issue. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!