International singer and CEO of Bodega World Music, Ms Bodega in company with her star artist and saxophonist, Connell Thompson recently thrilled audience at the FOCOS Charity Ball with the President of Ghana, Akufo-Addo and his wife, Rebecca during the just concluded U.N. Week in NYC. After brightening up cocktail hour with Afrobeat sounds Connell led President Akufo-Addo into the Gala performing the Ghanian anthem and the President’s favourite song “Oye” for him and several dignitaries and celebrities in support of the charity for Spinal Surgeries in Africa. Israeli-New Yorker of Moroccan/Spanish descent, Ms.Bodega has been spending a lot of time travelling to Africa, collaborating and sharing cultures with top African artistes both for her own music as well as producing projects for top international artists. Following the success she recorded with her song Watta, featuring Nigerian’s Dancehall King Timaya, recently, she released her new song SHOKO featuring 4 top African artistes from different regions including Nigeria’s top Afrobeats rapper, CDQ and songstress Toby Grey, BM from Congo, and Fanicko from Benin Republic. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/nigerias-participation-at-74th-un-general-assembly/ Police arraign former NITDA DG over alleged N50m contract… LAUTECH denies workers’ strike, inducts 38 new medical… Monarch dragged to court for  alleged threat to life Minimum wage: Disregard Ngige, Timi Frank,   TUC advised… Her upcoming single also featured BET award-winning star, Eddy Kenzo from Uganda, produced by Nigerian producer Young D. Speaking on her projects, the singer stated that “We love to attend, support and perform at events that stand for our mission. During the United Nation’s week in NYC, there are many such events in support of Africa and beyond. This connects to our main goal of bridging cultures and continents through music. It was a great honour to meet the President and First Lady and we hope to continue to collaborate with Ghana and Africa as a whole. We are grateful for the invite to attend the event with so many wonderful people and to share the beautiful giving spirit in the room. We were very inspired by founder Dr Boachie-Adjei’s choice to dedicate his life to this cause and we will continue to support how we can.” On the founder and the charity Dr Oheneba Boachie-Adjei is a world-renowned orthopaedic surgeon and the President and Founder of FOCOS. A native of Kumasi, Ghana, he studied and practised in the United States for years. Through FOCOS, Dr Boachie-Adjei seeks to improve the quality of life of patients in need throughout Africa and other parts of the world by providing optimum orthopaedic care. Dr Oheneba Boachie-Adjei known as a “true artist of the spine” has made the human spine his life’s work and has revolutionized spinal surgery. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!