Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State marked this year’s independence anniversary with a call on Nigerians to uplift national interest above egocentric inclinations. Such egocentric concepts, he noted, continued to retard the progress of the nation. Speaking at the event held at Lekan Salami Stadium, Adamasingba, Ibadan, Makinde, represented by his deputy, Mr Rauf Olaniyan, stressed the need for Nigerians to accommodate each other irrespective of ethnic, religion, political leaning. In exemplifying his call, Makinde avowed that the implementation of his agenda to launch the state on the path of all-round development will be guided by the need for every part of the state to have a sense of belonging. Meanwhile, wife of Oyo state governor, Mrs Tamunominini Makinde, commemorated the anniversary by gifting residents of 27 special homes/orphanages, across the state, various household items, drugs, educational materials and consumables. ALSO READ:  NigeriaAt59: We must remain united to build prosperous nation ― Sanwo-Olu #NigeriaAt59: Nigerians must be optimistic for greater… #NigeriaAt59: Don’t be despaired, Lawan tells… Wamakko calls for support with Buhari in moving to next… #NigeriaAt59: Amnesty Nigeria makes eight-point call on FG At the distribution held at the office of the governor’s wife, Ibadan, Makinde specifically urged caregivers of the benefitting homes to maximally use the items for the benefit of the children. Addressing the 155 residents who represented the various homes, she urged them not to be discouraged by whatever physical challenged or handicap they had but be resolved to succeed in life. Pointing to instances of several who passed through special homes before being successful in life, she urged them to be committed to positively impacting society and believing in themselves. “Don’t be discouraged by your current physical situation because there is ability in any special challenge. Others have passed through orphanages and have succeeded in life. “So, I implore each and every one of you not to relent but believe in yourself. Please be encouraged that the sky is your starting point, with God on your side,” Mrs Makinde said. In her own remarks, Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Inclusion, Mrs Faosat Sanni gave the assurance that the state government will continue to take as high priority the welfare of children and less privileged. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.