Nutmeg and drumstick seeds are commonly consumed medicinal seeds used as functional foods and could serve as an alternative therapy for the management of erectile dysfunction (ED). Now, scientists in exploring an alternative remedy for the management of erectile dysfunction say the seed of nutmeg is more effective than drumstick. The scientists had evaluated the effects of nutmeg and drumstick seed (Moringa oleifera) extracts on critical enzymes (PDE 5, arginase, AChE, and ACE) associated with erectile dysfunction (ED) and metal induced oxidative damage in rat’s penile tissues. In the study, nutmeg exhibited stronger inhibitory effects compared to drumstick seed. Its constituents of chemical compounds as ellagic acid, rutin, quercitrin, quercetin and kaempferol were also higher than those in drumstick. WhatsApp sues Israel’s NSO for allegedly helping spies hack phones worldwide This 2017 study, in the Journal of Food Biochemistry, involved Veronica O. Odubanjo, Tosin A. Olasehinde; Sunday I. Oyeleye; Ganiyu Oboh and Aline A. Boligon, indicated that the highest inhibitory effect was obtained at the highest concentration of 400 µg/mL for nutmeg and drumstick extracts with percentage inhibition of 65.1 per cent and 88.9 per cent, respectively. For the study, the extracts from the seeds of nutmeg and drumstick were screened for their inhibitory activities on critical enzymes (PDE 5, arginase, AChE, and ACE) associated with erectile dysfunction in albino rats under laboratory conditions. Erectile dysfunction is an important indicator of poor health, which reduces the quality of life. Its prevalence is rising and it is estimated to affect about 300 million men by 2025. Moreover, the prevalence of erectile dysfunction in men increases with age. But medicines used for its treatment have been reported to pose several side effects to men. Spices have been widely used in Nigeria for food seasoning with numerous health benefits. Nutmeg is commonly used as a spice in various dishes and cuisine. It is used in the treatment of dysentery, asthma, rheumatism, muscle spasm and fungal infections. Nutmeg is known to have effective appetite enhancement properties and has been used for its therapeutic effects on various digestion-related disorders, including diarrhoea. It is also used in the treatment of certain type of cancers. Nutmeg has been found to prohibit further growth of tumours by inhibiting the growth of new blood vessels carrying blood and other nutrients to the tumour. Previously, scientists had indicated that 50 per cent ethanolic extract from the seed of nutmeg improved sexual function via an increase in libido and potency, which was associated with its nervous stimulatory effect. It is a potent aphrodisiac due to its nervous stimulating properties which enhance libido, improve penile erection, increase ejaculation latency/time, and intensify sexual activity in a sustained manner. Why hog plum leaves boost libido —Scientists Herbal remedies may inspire future  treatments for… How to use okra for diabetes treatment —Scientists Cocoyam leaves, like fluted pumpkin,  stimulate blood… Clinical investigations have shown that regular supplementation of nutmeg within prescribed dose limit led to a significant increase in desire for sex and intensified sexual activity in a sustained manner. Previously, scientists had conducted studies to compare the effect of nutmeg extract with sildenafil or viagra. The scientists gave various doses of nutmeg extract to a group of rats while sildenafil was given to the other group. The experiment which ran for seven days found that nutmeg increases the male rat’s sexual activity. Moreover, no adverse side effects and toxicity was found. Drumstick is a medicinal plant with several medicinal properties which include antidiabetic, antihypertensive, antioxidant, and hypolipidemic activities. Extract of drumstick seed and leaves were also reported to exhibit aphrodisiac properties as well as the ability to boost blood’s testosterone levels. The researchers had also considered the effectiveness of alligator pepper (Aframomum melegueta) and bastered melegueta (Aframomum danielli) in boosting erectile dysfunction. They suggested that the combination of alligator pepper and bastered melegueta seeds could be applied as functional foods and nutraceuticals for erectogenic purposes. Different mixtures of the extracts of alligator pepper and bastered melegueta seeds were prepared and their ability to boosting erectile dysfunction determined. It was in the 2018 edition of the Journal of Food Biochemistry. Moreover, other everyday spices that have strong sexual revitalisation powers includes cloves(kanafuru in Yoruba) and basils (scent leave or efinrin in Yoruba). Cloves are an excellent spice for boosting men’s libidos and to prevent premature ejaculation. Just a small amount of cloves can increase testosterone levels. However, this spice does not only work on men but on women too. The aphrodisiac properties of basil are backed by science. Basil has the power not only to increase sexual desire in men, but it also leads to an increase in sperm production. In addition, scientists say adopting a Mediterranean style diet – particularly consuming lots of olive oil – can vastly improve a man’s sexual prowess. Scientists from the University of Athens say a weekly dose of olive oil could be better than viagra at helping boost a man’s performance in the bedroom According to them, just nine tablespoons of olive oil is enough to reduce impotence by around 40 per cent. Olive oil has a wealth of health benefits including keeping blood vessels healthy and maintaining circulation throughout the body. It can also help dramatically increase testosterone levels, which reduces the risk of erectile dysfunction. Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!