National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) has decried poor state of road infrastructure in Nigeria and called for urgent rehabilitation to minimise accidents. Speaking during the commencement of training of 2500 drivers in Lagos on Tuesday, the National Chairman, Petroleum Tanker Drivers (PTD), an affiliate of NUPENG, Comrade Akanni Oladiti, said that rehabilitation of poor road infrastructure and basic training of drivers became necessary to reduce accidents associated with tankers on the roads. Oladiti, who was represented by Comrade Olujide Kilanko, Training Committee Chairman PTD, said the objective was to reduce road accidents involving tankers on Nigerian roads to the barest minimum. Oladiti said the recurring cases of accidents caused by tanker drivers across the country had forced the union to embark on the training in the last six years. He lauded the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) and other traffic agencies for their support and collaboration at all times during the training. ALSO READ: Militants threaten to destroy oil facilities if Dokubo is removed Militants threaten to destroy oil facilities if Dokubo is… FG achieves 96.4 per cent success in aviation security ―… APC, PDP bicker over Fayemi’s achievement in Ekiti Fayemi berates directive asking states not to fix federal… According to him: “I appeal to President Muhammadu Buhari to fix Nigeria roads. Nigeria roads are in deplorable condition and need urgent attention especially now that the raining season is gradually coming to an end.” Comrade Tayo Aboyeji, the Chairman, Lagos Chapter of NUPENG said the essence of the training was to reduce the rate of accidents on the roads and also educate the tanker drivers on safety tips. He said bad roads also contributed to the accidents that occurred on the road, adding that a journey of two to three days to deliver a product usually takes five days due to the deplorable state of the roads. He, however, said that the union was managing the situation not to affect the distribution of products to the final destination despite the bad roads. ”Like today, there is no gridlock in Apapa, the committees set up by the  Federal Government in collaboration with NUPENG has done a great job in addressing the problem in that area. Another major problem is a truck park; the Orile truck park has been reduced by the rail construction and we do not have any place to park. ”We appeal to the Lagos state government to assist in that direction. We only use the private truck park in Ogere in Ogun but it’s not enough to contain all trucks,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!