KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, the world’s oldest international airline still operating under its original name, has marked its 100th anniversary in Lagos with the airline management describing the Nigerian market as a top notch brand. KLM, the oldest airline in the world and still operating under its original name,  has a fascinating history of continuous service starting out with historic short flights to London, then expanding to offer intercontinental service to Asia, and today serving 145 destinations worldwide with 120 aircraft. Speaking during a media conference held in Lagos to commemorate the anniversary, General Manager KLM Nigeria & Ghana, Michel Colleau attributed reasons why the Nigerian customers of the airline enjoy good products onboard its flights to their contributions into believing in the unique services the airline provides between Nigeria and the Netherlands. Order Naira Marley to remove red bag from dock, EFCC asks court FG urged to allow aviation agencies enjoy 100% control of… FG urged to increase retirement age of ATCs to 65 years Why reconstruction of Enugu airport runway is yet to… FAAN commends passengers for using feedback platforms, plans… According to Colleau: ‘We have good products for Nigerians like other destinations we fly into. We have one of the best products for Lagos, new products for business class, top notch cuisine and we will keep on doing that. We keep on investing to create memorable experience for our customers right from when you book for flight to when you get to your destination.” Going down the memory lane, Colleau recalled how KLM begun flight operations between Amsterdam and Kano in 1947. The General Manager used the occasion to hin on the airline’s plan to increase its capacity between Lagos and Amsterdam even as he declared the intention of the carrier to do more in the area of conducting its operations using biofuel in other to encourage sustainability through making the aircraft in the fleet of the airline more fuel efficient. KLM which is widely recognised as a pioneer in the aviation industry, recently launched ‘Fly Responsibly’, an initiative to invite others to join forces in the development of sustainable solutions for the aviation industry. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!