The Assistant Inspector-General of Police (AIG) Zone 11, Osogbo, Adeleye Oyebade, has stated that the police cannot achieve success without the support of members of the public while emphasising that it is what the spirit of community policing is all about. AIG Oyebade, who stated this during the formal commissioning of the upgraded Awe Divisional Headquarters, Oyo State, admitted that community support for the police was crucial in tackling crime. Speaking further, the AIG commended the people of Awe community for upgrading of the police facility, saying it would help meet the security needs of the fast-expanding community. He said the current objective of the police force is premised upon the philosophy of pragmatic policing strategy. Edo govt begins removal of illegal structures NUPEMCO contributory pension hits N12.58 billion Four arrested in Ondo over sales of cows killed by lightning PDP dead, soon to be forgotten in Kogi central ― Ohere ALSO READ: When Ibadan Museum of Unity took antiquity preservation campaign to Foko palace While also speaking, the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Shina Olukolu, commended communities in the state for working hand-in-hand with the police, saying the development must be encouraged to further entrench the principles and strategy of community policing, which is part of the government policy trust to combating crimes and criminality. Olukolu said the police would continue to perform their constitutional functions to curb crime in the state. In his remarks, the Alawe of Awe, Oba Abiola Cornelius Taiwo, thanked the police hierarchy for turning the police station into a divisional headquarters. The traditional ruler then pledged that the community would continue to assist the policemen at the division. Apart from renovating the station, the community also bought a patrol van for the use of policemen at the station. Among the dignitaries at the event was the lawmaker representing Afijio in the state House of Assembly, Honourable Seyi Adisa. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!