Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has issued the regulatory guidelines for the operation of Indirect Participants in the Payments System, with effect from 11th November. The guideline followed a circular to all Deposit Money Banks (DMBs) on Tuesday, signed by Mr Samuel Chukwuyem Okojere, Director of Payment Systems Management Department, CBN. The bank noted that this is in furtherance of its mandate for the development of the electronic payments system in Nigeria. It described a direct participant as a bank that performs settlement functions to an indirect participant. NBMA begins drafting of guidelines on genome editing… LASACO Assurance to raise N10bn aditional capital ahead of… MTN leads as mobile internet subscribers hit 122 million in… Oil exploration, production company to invest in Nasarawa Indirect participant means a licensed deposit-taking institution which is a non-clearing financial institution but settles its payments obligations through the direct participating bank. ALSO READ:  Budget 2020 places economy at risk ― Senators The regulation according to the apex bank is in the exercise of the powers conferred on the Central Bank of Nigeria under the CBN Act 2007 to promote the sound financial system in Nigeria. It read in part, “The objectives of this Regulation shall be to: set out the procedures for effective integration of indirect participants in the payments system in Nigeria; standardise the operation of indirect participants in the payments system, taking into cognisance their operational risks; provide mechanism and framework for the clearing and settlement of indirect participants payment instruments through the direct participating banks,” among others. According to the guideline, to qualify as an indirect participant, an institution shall: have a satisfactory risk-based rating from the CBN and secure a letter of recommendation from its direct participating bank, signed by the Chief Risk Officer and an Executive Director of the direct participating bank. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!