Three people including a young lady lost their lives in the early hour of Friday in a car accident which occurred in Akure, Ondo state capital. It was gathered that the victims with two others were returning from a night club when the driver of the vehicle ran into a stationary trailer along the Oyemekun road in the town According to an eye witness, who said the accident was avoidable but blamed the incident on the influence of alcohol, saying the driver of the vehicle was on top speed when he ran into the trailer. He disclosed that three of the occupants died instantly while two other occupants were rushed to the hospital after sustaining a high degree of injuries. Confirming the incident, the State Sector Commander of Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Mr Rotimi Adeleye, said that the accident happened in the early hour of Friday. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/kogi-govt-seals-off-bank-over-n1bn-debt/ Ghana president, first lady thrilled at FOCOS charity for… Facebook removes coordinated fake accounts in Nigeria, UAE,… Facebook launches Threads from Instagram, new camera-first… Nigeria Customs Service explains reason for operation at… According to him, five people were involved in the accident, but three were reported dead while the injured were rushed to the hospital saying the FRSC operatives had deposited the corpses of those who died at the morgue of the state specialist hospital in Akure. He explained that “they were five in number inside a Lexus jeep vehicle and it was learned that they were coming from a night club this morning and were also on speed before they ran under a stationary truck. “Three of them died on the spot while the other two are under critical condition” Adeleye, called on parents to watch over their children to avoidable death, noting that those involved were in their 20s and said “all those involved are in their mid-twenties of age, so parents should keep watch over their children. “ As at the time when the accident happened the children should be under their parents’ watch and the victims were coming from the club which is unfortunate. “Most importantly, if people have reason to go to the club, whoever that is going to drive should avoid taking alcohol even when others are drinking to avoid preventable death,” How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.