Ebonyi state government has pronounced a ban on holding wake-keeps and other of such ceremonies beyond 10 Pm across the state. Umahi pronounced the ban yesterday at the Executive Council chambers Government House Abakaliki while frowning at the recent attack on his convoy by suspected boys at Onicha Local government area of the state on his way back to the state capital from his Uburu, Ohaozara home on Friday night. Governor Umahi however, decried the development, describing it as criminal breach of the law as the culprits made away with a gun belonging to an Army officer. He then ordered his security aides to ensure that all the culprits were identified and brought for prosecution and possible imprisonment. Umahi narrated: “Yesterday night,  I was coming back by 12 midnight and of course I had to stop over at the college to inspect projects…, but when we got to Onicha, they blocked the road. “Even with the litany of the army and the police and everything, they did not even want to open the road. ALSO READ: JAMB CBT: NYSC to train 500 students in Enugu Kogi guber: PDP cautions Bello, APC against ethnic politics JAMB CBT: NYSC to train 500 students in Enugu Security beefed up as Bauchi Election Petition Tribunal set… BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… “Then I said they should arrest all of them, but most of them ran away, I think they even took a gun of an army. “So the Chairman of the Local government, the House of Assembly members and coordinators, they are working very hard and the SSA on Security, they are all there to sort it out. “But I say, all of them will go to prison. So they have to identify them, bring them here and we will prosecute them to show example. “And I want it to be announced that henceforth, no wake-keep should pass 10 Pm. “If you must pass 10 Pm, take written permission from the Chairman of the Local government, and both the chairman and the person that requested will be held responsible if any problem occurs. This should be widely circulated and properly announced. “My problem is not that they blocked the Governor but my worry is supposing that it was not an important personality that was passing, who had no army and police, they would have robbed the person. “That’s what it means. Any other time, the ADC should order for a shoot. “It is against the law to block the Governor, and if anyone should be killed in the process, it is in accordance with the law.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!