Nigeria’s Former Vice President, Arc Mohammed Namadi Sambo has described as ‘total falsehood and fallacy’ a story linking him to ownership of Kaduna Electric Power Distribution Company of Nigeria (KAEDCO). In a statement personally signed by the former Vice President, Sambo on Friday said; “my attention has been drawn to an online story published by Daily Post on a query issued by the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission to the Power Distribution Companies. ‘The story alleged that l own Kaduna Electric Power Distribution Company of Nigeria (KAEDCO) through a proxy.” “l wish to state unequivocally that the story is totally untrue, malicious and unfounded. The story is aimed at bringing my reputation to disrepute. ‘ For the records, I do not own a single share in the company or any of the public privatised companies under my watch either directly or through a proxy,” Sambo further said. Oyo APC berates Makinde, Speaker over controversial N7.6b… NNPC seals $2.5bn gas supply deal with NLNG Lagos conducts screening exercise for intending christian… Sanwo-Olu’s wife defies downpour, leads clean–up of… ALSO READ: NNPC seals $2.5bn gas supply deal with NLNG According to Namadi Sambo, “as the chairman of the privatization council and indeed as a public servant, l discharged my duties responsibly in accordance to laid down rules and procedures and in the interest of the nation.” The statement quoted Sambo demanding a rebuttal of the story and public apology by the authors and publishers of the story within one week. “I demand an unreserved apology and from the authors and publishers of the injurious story within one week”, Sambo said. Arc Sambo then urged the media to desist from propagating fake and unsubstantiated news while ensuring professionalism at all times and to also punish reporters who report falsehood. He advised members of the fourth estate to uphold the principles and ethics of the noble profession at all times. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!