Alex Kalejaye is the publicity secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State. In this interview by HAKEEM GBADAMOSI, he speaks on the achievements of the APC-led government in the state and the reconciliatory moves by the party leadership, among other issues.  APC has been at the helms of affairs in Ondo State for over two and half years, what would you consider as the achievements of the government in the state? The achievements of the APC-led government in Ondo State are enormous. We came out with our electoral promises in 2016 and I can tell you confidently that we have fulfilled very largely our electoral promises in less than three years. Let us start with infrastructural development. This government has put in place road projects in the three senatorial districts of the state. As at today, the APC government can boast of over 78 kilometres of road that were completed with asphalt overlay. Aside road infrastructure, the chain of industries in Ore can only be imagined by most state governments in the country. There are three factories that are going to take off simultaneously at the Ore Industrial Park. These include a textile industry, cassava to ethanol and a plywood industry. The three factories are being built at the same time to create more employment opportunities for our teeming youths and boost the economy of the state. Twitter bans political adverts worldwide We are strongly committed to the deep sea port in Ilaje Local Government Area, while government has encouraged investors to commence bitumen exploration. As at today, all the equipment needed for exploration have been imported. In the education sector, so many schools have been built, renovated and reconstructed. This is being done in each of the 18 local government areas to make public schools more attractive and enhance conducive learning environment. In the agricultural sector, the Akeredolu-led government has been able to make farming more attractive to our youth. We have imported new varieties of seedlings and I can tell you that, very soon, Ondo State will return to its vantage position as the number producer of cocoa in the country. We have imported cashew seedlings and in a couple of years from now, the state will be a leading producer of this produce.  What is the state of the party in the state as at today? The Ondo State chapter of the APC is very healthy, vibrant and focused. It is arguably the party to beat in any election in the state and our confidence is borne out of the fact that we have tried to justify the confidence reposed in us by the electorate. If you move round the state, the people will gleefully attest to all the claims I have made so far. We harbour no space for deception; rather I make claims that are verifiable. Shortly after the elections, the State Working Committee (SWC), under the chairmanship of Mr Ade Adetimehin, commenced reconciliatory meetings with the party stalwarts round all the local government areas. We met with leaders that were not happy with some decisions. Politics is all about crisis and resolution of same. So, in each local government visited, the SWC would engage the executive members at the local government and ward levels; the political appointees and party elders that are genuinely interested in the development of the party and we identified those who were aggrieved. Most of the aggrieved members are now back on board, working for the development of the party in the state.  There are insinuations from leaders of the party that if APC in the state goes for an election today, the party may not make much impact. How would you react to this? Let me start by restating that the APC in this state remains the party to beat in any election. I have been on ground here and I know what is happening. Some of the things I pointed to earlier as our achievements are some of the measures and strategies to ensure we have a walk over during the next governorship election. Unfortunately, some of the party leaders who are not in the state and are not getting proper briefings could be tempted to think that we will have problems during the election. There is the need to allay their fears. During our meetings at the ward and local government levels, we encourage members to rub minds, iron out our differences and appeal to every aggrieved member. Many of them have resolved to give priority to the interest of the party, rather than bowing to selfish and myopic interests. They are rooting for the success of the party.  If election is held today, what are chances of the party? How Bayelsa poll will be won and lost —Ex-PDP deputy… The electoral process: Safeguarding the people’s will for… What difference can the amazons make in Kwara? The battle for the soul of Kano I am constrained to tell you that there is only one political party that is visible and viable in Ondo State today and that is APC. We are viable, stable, healthy and organised. We won’t lose sleep over any election in this state and I am confident to tell you this because Ondo APC has proved to the people of the state that it is here to serve and to work for them. We have so many things to showcase in virtually every sector and this has endeared the party to the people and assured us of their consistent support, encouragement and votes. They will want to ensure that the APC is further encouraged to sustain the good works. I concede that it is not possible to solve all the problems within four years, but I affirm that the APC-led government has done pretty well for the state within a short period.  Is it true that Governor Rotimi Akeredolu does not consult party members before taking decisions? That is a hollow thought; a misapprehension of the true picture of things. Put unambiguously, it is not true. The governor consults and meets regularly with the party executives and leaders to fashion out decisions. The SWC has met with Mr Governor several times to debate issues. It may interest you to know that there is no political appointment effected without the consent of the state secretariat of the party. Governor Akeredolu consults very regularly with the party. Even on such matter as citing of projects. There is continuous rapport between the party and the government which, in any case, is the baby of the party.  If all you have said is true, why did the former deputy governor of the state, Alhaji Ali Olanusi, accuse the governor of running a one-man show? I am particularly surprised that the former deputy governor, His Excellency, Alhaji Ali Olanusi, could make some of the statements attributed to him. Personally, I want to believe he must have been quoted out of context. Having said that, he confessed in the said interview that if there is anything he wants from the governor today, he will get it. That depicts there is a level of closeness between them; it shows that the governor is accessible to leaders like Alhaji Olanusi, who have his ears at all times. My candid opinion is that the governor does not run a one-man show. However, I have a feeling that Alhaji Olanusi has a personal grouse against the governor. This ill feeling is not unconnected with his carryover of emoluments from the previous government. Ordinarily, one would expect that the governor gets kudos rather than knocks for approving the release of almost N150m which was paid to the account of the former deputy governor. He was encouraged to approach the court and Mr Governor acted promptly to the judgment of the court by approving the payment. No sooner was this done than Baba came up with fresh claims that were turned down. The governor advised him to go back to court and get a judgment to that effect. I think that is the crux of the disagreement between the governor and Alhaji Olanusi.  So in other words, he is fighting a personal cause… I strongly believe so but. Sadly enough, he is using a platform called the Unity Forum. It must be noted that Baba is not a patience man. Those who are familiar with the political development of Ondo State, particularly from 1999, would recall that no governor has been spared by him; from Chief Adebayo Adefarati, Dr Olusegun Agagu, to Dr Olusegun Mimiko. The trend has been the same, so it would be unusual to expect that Akeredolu would be spared.  There are speculations that Akeredolu might not be given the ticket of the party in 2020 election. How far is this true? The APC is a party that is being guided by constitution and it believes in the collective interest of members. Our duty is to build a virile and focused party that can win election any day; a party that is united, so that we can approach elections as one big, strong and united family. Although, Governor Akeredolu has not come to the party to discuss second term, but we believe he is a bonafide member of the party and is constitutionally entitled to it. I think he has performed creditably well to deserve it.  The former deputy governor alleged that Governor Akeredolu is planning to dump the party for another party to contest. Should that happen, what will be the party’s position? I won’t know about that. What I did know is that the governor has been so close to the party and has done well for the party. Some few weeks ago, he donated buses to all the party chairmen in all the local governments and added some to the party secretariat to run the affairs of the party. He has not given any indication that he has grouse with the party or expressed intentions to dump the party. He is still working for the betterment of the party and its members to ensure that the party is solidly built. He has acquired a large expanse of land for the party in a very good location to build its permanent state secretariat. This is the first of its kind in the state; no governor has ever done that. This shows his love and commitment to the party. So, how can someone who is building the party dump or relocate from the house he built together with others? Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!