Following misconception trailing the recent declaration of free education in Bauchi State, Commissioner of Education, Dr Aliyu Tilde, has explained that the stoppage of payment of school fees in all public primary schools in the state by the Ministry was meant to reduce the number of out-of-school children in the state. The Commissioner while speaking on Wednesday during an intra school debate competition organized by Immaculate Conception Secondary School Bauchi, said that the Ministry has also reduced school fees charged in Secondary Schools to enable indigent students to attend school. ALSO READ: Makinde has laid solid foundation for Oyo’s transformation —SUBEB chairman Represented by the Director Technical and Science of the ministry, Mr Stephen Samuel Bontah, the Commissioner noted that some parents do not enroll their wards in schools due to the charges. Nigerian universities far from attaining world-class status… Federal scholarship: FG begins 2020/2021 academic selection… Quality education sacrosanct in Lagos schools ― Sanwo- Olu Adeboye charges Dominion University students on diligence “The reduction in school fees is to enable parents who thought their wards cannot go to schools due to the charges to send them to schools. But now the government is seeing to that plight and it has come out with a policy whereby parents can send their children to schools”, he stressed. Aliyu Tilde further said that “The policy is meant to reduce the out-of-school children that we have in our society. That is the aim of the administration in line with the advice by other international agencies in the education sector. Earlier, the coach of the debate club of the school, Mr Adewale Adelasoye explained that three topics would be debated on during the competition as follows; ‘Parliamentary system of democracy is better than the presidential system of democracy’, ‘Girl child education should be encouraged in Africa’ and ‘Use of cellphones by students should be banned in Nigeria’ saying that the proponents and opponents of the motions were drawn from various classes of the school. He asserted that school debates help to boost students’ skills in public speeches and encourage them to discuss national issues. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!