THE Director-General Bello/ Onoja Governorship Campaign Organisation, Senator Smart Adeyemi has disclosed that he will not abandon his position as Director-General Bello/ Onoja Campaign because of his own senatorial election which comes up same day. Speaking with newsmen in Lokoja, on Wednesday, shortly after meeting with the British High Commission who visited Kogi State to access the political situation for the forthcoming governorship election, Adeyemi stressed that his election and that of the governor will hold same day saying it is good for him and APC. He noted that fixing the two elections same day will definitely reduce the cost of the election and help the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to conduct a free, fair and credible election. “I am used to such situation. As a journalist, I am trained to face any difficulties that come my way. As a former President of Nigeria Union of Journalists and also a Senator am used to it. Journalism is fieldwork so is not new to me. I will use the position to Campaign for the governor and also for myself in Kogi West. ALSO READ:  Governor Mohammed appoints new HoS NPC set to unravel causes of infant death in Nigeria Insecurity: Nigerian Navy demands for additional vessels LASU holds 3rd distinguished lecture series Attacks on Nigerian businesses in South Africa criminal, not… “The people of Kogi State will vote for APC for governorship election just as Kogi West electorates will vote for APC during the senatorial election. “My fear is that the opposition party. The PDP is not campaigning. You can not see any sign of seriousness in them. But information reaching us is that PDP wants to use every means to rig the election and also to discredit the election. ” We will not allow that. They are planning to use thugs to rig the election, create crisis from nowhere. We are all witnesses during PDP Governorship primary election. PDP members invaded the venue with guns and destructed the election. As am speaking with you, PDP, they don’t have candidate because the case is in court. ” Based on the security report reaching us, we have to cry out to the world the alleged plans of PDP and that is why the British High Commission is in the state to access the situation,” he said. Senator Adeyemi said that APC is fully ready for the two elections and that he is optimistic that APC will win the governorship election and also the Kogi West senatorial election. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!