President Muhammadu Buhari, on Thursday, again reiterated the nation’s resolve to stand firm in the face of any act of terrorism. The President, who restated the resolve at the commissioning of the rebuilt United Nations (UN) House and the marking of the 2019 UN Day, said Nigeria would not be cowed but would remain resilient in the face of acts of terrorism “designed to break our spirit.” He said that the commissioning of the building was a testament of the progress Nigeria has made over the years in the fight against terror in the country while assuring the UN family, other visitors and Nigerians of their safety and comfort. President Buhari, whose message was delivered by the Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Malam Muhammad Musa Bello, stressed that the efforts of the UN over the years in confronting global issues such as international conflicts, health and humanitarian matters, climate change and environmental degradation have continued to yield positive results around the world. This, according to him, has lent credence to the opinion that the UN has made the world a much better place. ALSO READ: Ondo govt halts sales of cow meat as lightning strikes dead eight cows Reps demand explanations on $460m Abuja CCTV camera project Oba of Benin receives Africa Travel 100 Global Personalities… Communities get transformer, electric poles years after… You’re an animal, judge tells Chrisland School… While congratulating the UN for the celebration of the 2019 UN Day, the President pledged the country’s commitment to serve as a good host to the UN family and encouraged the staff to build bonds of friendship with locals that will help strengthen the growing sense of a loving community outside the UN environment. In his welcome remarks, the UN Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator, Mr Edward Kallon, commended the President Buhari and people of Nigeria for the unwavering support for the UN and commitment to the rebuilding of the bombed UN house. He stressed that the rebuilding of the house was a demonstration of Nigeria’s resolve to tackle terrorism and refusal to be bowed by it. Mr Kallon also said that the UN humanitarian work in the North East still remains a priority and expressed the hope for more synergy with relevant Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs), especially with the creation of the Ministry of Humanitarian Services. The theme for the 2019 UN Day celebration in Nigeria is, “The future we want, The United Nations we need: Reaffirming our collective commitment to multilateralism.” The FCT Minister, on behalf of President Buhari, also laid a wreath in memory of those who lost their lives during August 26, 2011, bombing of the UN House and cut the ribbon to commission the rebuilt UN building. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!