The Anambra state chairman of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Ndubuisi Nwobu, has said his party is not intimidated by what the ruling All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) is doing to persuade the electorates to vote for APGA during the 2021 governorship election in the state. While bursting that there will be nothing that the APGA or APC-led federal government will do to scuttle PDP’s chances of taking over Anambra state, he said: “We leaders in the state chapter, have agreed in one voice to work harmoniously with the NWC of the party and the PDP governors to take back what belongs to us, because Anambra is a PDP state”. Chief Nwobu, who disclosed this on behalf of the state executive before newsmen during the 2019 election Victory Thanksgiving Service of the Senator representing Anambra Central Senatorial District at the red chamber of the National Assembly Abuja, Senator Uche Lilian Ekwunife, held at Dr. Alex Ekwueme Square Awka over the weekend, noted that with the structure in place, the party is ready to take the bull by the horn in the forthcoming polls. Nwugbo, further stated that: “We are sure that we will come out victorious during the election, but it will be a very tough contest, we will not be intimidated with what the ruling APGA is doing to remain in power. We will remain united and forge ahead because PDP as a party, is the last hope for the Ndi Anambra. “We are aware that APGA is working to remain in power in Anambra, but we have put in place measures to stop that. Victory is ahead of us but it will be hotly contested, but by the grace of Almighty God we will emerge victoriously, he prayed.” Buhari off to Saudi Arabia for investment meeting, Umrah We will give priority to construction of Akoko roads ―… Yoruba youths back Osinbajo over call for self-regulation on… Presidential election: Supreme Court to hear Atiku,… ALSO READ: Sylva charges PTI to help Buhari take 100m Nigerians out of poverty On his part, a party supporter who does not want to be mentioned, also expressed optimism that with the presence of Sokoto state governor, Alhaji Aminu Tambuwal,  Gov. Emeka Ihedioha of Imo state, his Enugu state counterpart, Gov Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi and Gov. Ahamadu Umaru Fintiri of Adamawa state, in Anambra for Senator Uche Ekwunife, is a fruitful signed of a landslide victory for PDP in the highly anticipated 2021 governorship election. He called for peace and unity among the party members, especially in the Southeast geopolitical zone to enable them to achieve the high task before them, with which he noted that victory was already assured for the party, come 2021 in Anambra and 2023 Presidential election respectively. Other personalities who were also present at the event include Edo state governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, Ondo state deputy governor, Mr Agboola Ajayi, Mr Peter Obi, Minority leader of the House of Representative, Hon. Ndudi Elumelu, Senator Matthew Urhoghide, the Clark of the National Assembly (Senate), former governor of old Anambra state, Chief Chukwumeka Ezife, a Chieftain of APC, Chief Johnbosco Onounkwo, Hon. Okwudili Ezenwankwo, Hon. Ifeanyi Ibezi, Traditional Rulers, party supporters across the Central Senatorial district, among others. Senator Ekwunife, on her thanksgiving speech, said she surely believed that she has a great cause to praise God for giving her the grace to legislate the affairs of the good people of Anambra Central Senatorial District. “Indeed, it is the Lord’s doing and it is marvellous in our eyes”, she concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!