The Federal Government and Organised Labour have agreed to a template on the consequential adjustments for the N30,000 new national minimum wage Thursday night with different percentages for each grade level from grade level 07-09. According to the new template, workers on grade level 07 was agreed at 23.2 per cent; grade level 08 at 20 per cent; grade level 09 at 19 per cent; from grade level 10 – 14 at 16 per cent and from grade level 15 – 17 at 14 per cent. The salary scale template As of the time, of filing this report, the meeting was still on, but there was high hope that both groups have accepted the new template, while they were putting a finishing touch to it. The Minister of State, Labour and Employment, Mr Festus Keyamo, had, on his Twitter handle announced the truce reached between Federal Government and Labour representative, saying both parties have come to terms on the mode of payment. [UPDATE] Minimum wage: FG, Labour agree on consequential… Experts, groups want new NDDC board to supervise audit Reps query N127bn power budget allocation Again, fire guts Lagos Water Corporation in Onikan Auto crash: Five burnt to death on Ondo highway(Opens in a new browser tab) He wrote on his Twitter handle: “After some delicate negotiations (with both Ministers as conciliators) Government and Labour have finally reached an agreement on the consequential adjustments of other wages following the implementation of the enhanced minimum wage of N30,000. We are now working on the communique.”   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....