THE Parent-forum of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Akoka, has expressed displeasure over its non-inclusion in the probe panel which was constituted by the institution’s management to investigate the sexual harassment allegations levelled against two lecturers of the institution by a BBC female reporter who posed as an admission seeker. The forum said that the development was a clear departure from the practice in similar probe panels. The chairman of the forum, Mr Babatunde Majekodunmi, in an exclusive interview with Saturday Tribune after a meeting with the executive members of the group on Thursday, said the parents were unhappy about the incessant cases of sexual harassment in the university. “It is like the lecturers want to destroy the lives of our children. And again, we are not also happy that the school did not carry us along in this current case let alone include us in the probe panel that was constituted. Kogi, Bayelsa elections: PDP accuses APC of plot to rig UPDATE: Petrol on sale at Futga Filling Station in Delta not… Poor materials, major cause for building collapses in… Sowore, Bakare yet to meet bail conditions Flood: Ondo govt closes schools for three weeks “Though, the school is free to do whatever pleases it on the matter, we supposed to have representative(s) in the panel. After all, the matter concerns our children. “We are supposed to be involved in the investigations; that is how it was done by the school in the past.” Babatunde explained that whereas the forum did not doubt the integrity of the panel, “members of the group were receiving phone calls and text messages from other parents asking for the update on the matter. Every parent has interest in the case.” He, however, said that the forum would register its displeasures on the happenings in the school, including the sexual harassment, at the congress that is billed to hold in the university’s main auditorium on October 22. When contacted for reaction, the university’s spokesperson, Mrs Taiwo Oloyede, said that she would get back to our correspondent on the matter later. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!