THE Manager, Government and Business Relations, ExxonMobil Nigeria, Mr. Nigel Cookey-Gam has disclosed that over 125 million people, especially children and pregnant women, have so far been treated for malaria worldwide, as part of the company’s social responsibility. He made this known in Abuja at the finals of the sixth edition of Power Forward, a youth engagement programme jointly organised by the National Basketball Association (NBA), ExxonMobil and Africare. Mr. Cookey-Gam, who also announced that about 14 million insecticide-treated bed nets were distributed in Nigeria, said the company was very focused on health and education in order to have a healthy population. According to him, although, we are into oil and gas; we are committed to developing sustainable long-term community assistance, a community initiative in Nigeria such as Power Forward and we also do many things in the area of health, education and capacity building. “Since 2000, ExxonMobil support programmes have distributed more than 14 million insecticide-treated bed nets and nearly three million diagnostic tests and more than four million anti-malaria treatments. We have reached out to more than 125 million people worldwide. “We take this very seriously because you know what malaria can do for children under five and pregnant women, they are at risk and many have died. In fact, statistics tell us that more people die from malaria even more than HIV, and it is something we cannot take for granted. So, we are really competent to do that. BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… ALSO READ: No going back on decommissioning of Terminal B of Rivers Port ― NPA “Our philosophy is that a productive healthy and educated society is a better place to do business. We hope that the skills gained by the schools power forward initiatives would bring about sustainable improvement in their lives and this will in turns in useful skills to develop their communities and their country. “Overall, through Power Forward programmes and community outreach, the program has reached over 900 students of 30 schools in Abuja to date and by the time they pass out, they are better developed,” he assured. In his speech, the Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Mr. Sunday Dare, who commended the organisers of the programme, then admonished the students to make use of the opportunity. “We have issues with youths restiveness, security and when you are developing the youth, you are doing a lot of great services to the nation. We will continue to do our utmost best to ensure to move this nation to the next level. “You (students) have the massive opportunity today so make use of it. These companies have put money together, they have done a lot to do all these, so utilise this opportunity and certainly, the sky is your starting point,” he advised. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!