Latest research findings have shown that of all the professionals, journalists have been found to be less sexually active, as the majority of them don’t have time for sexual activities, while lawyers are said to be the hardest to be pleased by their spouses in the bedroom when making love. Hence, if your sex life leaves much to desired, your job may be to blame, the new survey says. According to the survey by Lelo UK, it said 2,000 men and women were asked about their sex lives, as well as their occupation. At the other end of the scale, journalists, it was said, appear to have the least sex, with one-fifth of respondents claiming they only have sex once a month. Experts, groups want new NDDC board to supervise audit Reps query N127bn power budget allocation Again, fire guts Lagos Water Corporation in Onikan Convicted cyber fraudster not our student ― MAPOLY Likewise, the survey also revealed that lawyers are the hardest to please in the bedroom, with 27 per cent admitting to faking an orgasm every time they have sex. ALSO READ: Half of Brits have faked an orgasm because they’re embarrassed of their sex-face An expert at Lelo UK, the organisation that conducted the research, Kate Moyle, said: “Even within groups such as professions where there is a lot of similarities, we have to consider that there is a huge amount of individual differences impacting people’s sexuality and sex lives. “However, what we may expect are some trends, for example, the level of physical activity in a career such as a farmer, rather than someone in an office setting may impact levels of fitness and energy. “The lifestyle factors of our jobs such as flexibility of working hours and the environment are also likely to have an impact on all our lives not just our sex lives But on the final analysis, the results revealed that farmers have the most sex, with over 33 per cent claiming to have sex at least once a day. Farmers were closely followed by architects, with 21per cent of the architects spoken to said they have sex once a day, followed by hairdressers, 17 per cent of whom said they have sex once a day.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....