Multinational corporations operating in Nigeria have been urged to emulate telecommunications firm, MTN Nigeria, by ensuring good representation of Nigerians on their board of directors. Making the request at a media briefing addressed by its President, Omife I. Omife, the Business Renaissance Group (BRG), a not-for-profit and non-government organisation, underscored the need for adherence to the tenets of brotherhood and corporate inclusion. Omife noted that the nation’s recent corporate history is replete with some of the best-known and respected corporations that have operated within the shores of Nigeria for as long as 50 years, yet membership of their boards are skewed in favour of non-Nigerians. He observed that most of these notable multinationals have only recently, under compulsion, deemed it expedient to enlarge their boards of directors to include Nigerians. Omife commended the recent reconstitution of the board of directors of MTN Nigeria as a veritable example of how best to appreciate local human resource. PDP, Atiku plotting to malign Supreme Court Justices, APC alleges Bells University students develop software to computerise… CcHub, TASUED unveil EdTech COE in Ijebu-Ode GITEX 2019: Startups commend NITDA, request for more slots Airtel Africa announces partnership with Mastercard  to… It applauded the appointment of the likes of Dr Ernest Ndukwe, Mrs Omobola Johnson and Mrs Ifueko Okauru to the board of MTN Nigeria. These appointments, Omife observed, are coming on the heels of the immediate past board headed by Dr Pascal Dozie with the likes of Gbenga Oyebode, a corporate czar and Tunde Folawiyo, an astute entrepreneur. All these, he avowed, are coming in less than two decades of MTN operation in Nigeria. The recent reconstitution of the Board of Directors of MTN Nigeria, according to Omife, is a veritable example of how best to appreciate local human resource. He applauded the inclusion of two outstanding Nigerian women Omobola Johnson and IfuekoOkauru into the MTN Nigeria Board. He opined that their inclusion demonstrates gender sensitivity in a most noble manner that is devoid of mere tokenism that stem from affirmative action. The group contended that taken as a whole, the appointment affirms MTN’s belief in the capacity of Nigerians thereby engendering faith and trust in Nigeria and its citizens. It also showcases Nigeria as a country blessed with abundant human capital and underscores the truism implicit in the patriotic refrain of brand Nigeria pay offline “Good People Great Nation”. Omife ruled out any possibility of conflict of interest in the appointments of these eminent Nigerians. He insisted that the appointment of distinguished Nigerians to the MTN Board, in no way, detracts from equity and fairness. To him, “their appointment is indeed a masterstroke by a visionary multinational corporation to harness the best of available local talent to further the ends of its noble objectives, which, all things considered, will serve the best interest of Nigeria and Nigerians.” He surmised that the appointment in no way ran foul of any known law, business ethics and corporate governance rules cum guidelines. He, therefore, enjoined Nigerians to encourage the likes of MTN to be properly tooled; with outstanding Nigerians at the commanding heights of their policy-making cadres. Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!