Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Ltd (SPDC) Joint Venture (JV), on Thursday, inaugurated 34 community projects in the Ogulagha Kingdom, Burutu Local Government Area of Delta, urging host communities to create an enabling environment for sustainable business growth. SPDC General Manager(GM), External Relations, Mr Igo Weli, who made the call during the official inauguration of the projects said the projects were executed through a global Memorandum of Understanding (GMoU), between SPDC and Ogulagha Kingdom Cluster Development Board (OKCDB). Weli was represented at the event by Mr Arthur Owagbedia, Installation Manager, SPDC Forcados Terminal. He said that it was only when businesses thrived, that the oil giant could undertake more social investment initiatives in the Niger Delta. According to him, the oil multinational remains committed to the creation of greater positive impact in the oil-bearing communities and the entire Niger Delta region. “The Ogulagha Kingdom communities will benefit more social investment projects and programmes if the people continue to promote peace, safety and growth among themselves and support SPDC JV’s sustained uninterrupted production. “I encourage all stakeholders to speak up against sabotage of facilities because willful damage of company assets, like pipelines, is a criminal act that sadly also has a far-reaching negative implications for the people and the environment. “Sabotage to facilities harms the environment and is also unsafe for those undertaking these dangerous activities. “We must speak up against the theft of crude oil, vandalism and the attendant damage to our environment,” he enthused. Worker’s salary increase: Buhari is ready for honest,… zero tolerance on maternal mortality has paid off ― Aisha… Gov Bello provides free stationeries for Kogi pupils,… NILDS, stakeholders applaud FG’s direct payment of… Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta, in his remark, reiterated the state government’s commitment to providing a safe and enabling environment for investors. ALSO READ:  Award: Six Nollywood movies nominated for 2019 UK film festival Okowa, who was represented by Mr Emmanuel Amgbaduba, Commissioner for Oil and Gas in the state, urged SPDC to improve on its Corporate Social Responsibility(CSR) to its host communities. “I will do everything humanly possible to make Delta a business destination. “SPDC and other oil companies should improve on their CSR in the areas of employment, contracts and award of scholarship,” he said. Earlier, the Chairman of Ogulagha Kingdom Cluster Development Board, Mr Linus Yeinanagbegha, said the board was inaugurated in 2015 and started receiving funds in 2016. He said that the board had embarked on several projects across the Ogulagha Kingdom, adding that some have been completed while others were at various stages of completion. Yeinanagbegha listed some of the completed projects for the inauguration to include: construction and furnishing of three units of two Bedroom flat teachers’ quarters and the construction of two units, six standard public conveniences, among others. “We appreciate the SPDC, the entire Ogulagha Kingdom is pleased with the SPDC considering the accelerated development of the kingdom through the GMoU,” he said. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.