The Nigeria Christian Pilgrim Commission (NCPC) is set to flag off this year’s general Pilgrimage to Israel, Greece and Rome on 17th November in Abuja. A statement made available to newsmen by Assistant Director/Head Media of the commission, Celestine Toruka said the chairman of the Commission, Reverend Yomi Kasali disclosed this Yola when he visited the Governor of Adamawa State. The chairman who was represented by his deputy, Chief Crowther Seth commended Adamawa State for the key role they have been playing in Christian Pilgrimage operations in the past years. He stressed that the Commission in recent time had used the high number of pilgrims the state government-sponsored to stimulate the government and Christians in the south. He told the Deputy Governor who represented the governor that there was a need to “see how we can ensure that the faith which we believe in is strengthened through pilgrimage.” He, therefore, called on the states to support pilgrimage in order to avail the less privileged Christians the opportunity of experiencing the Holy Land. “We have come to appreciate you for what you have done in the past and to solicit for your assistance and patronage,” he said. Responding, the Deputy Governor of Adamawa State, Engr. Martins Nasir Babale stated that the state is made up of both Christians and Muslims and as such the government would ensure that everyone is carried along in matters of pilgrimage. BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… He also explained that in spite of the economic challenges the state is currently facing, the state government would ensure that Christians were given the opportunity to participate in this year’s pilgrimage. ALSO READ: Lagos Attorney-General, Adegboruwa to deliver lectures at NAJUC annual seminar In her remarks, the Director in Charge of the NCPC in Adamawa State, Mrs Esther Kwaghe further canvassed for more sponsorship of Christians of Adamawa State on pilgrimage by the government. In a related development, the NCPC sensitisation team to Yola also had an interactive session with both the leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) and officials of the state Christian Pilgrims Welfare Board at St. Theresa’s Catholic Cathedral, Yola. Reverend Kasali encouraged the Christian faithful to ensure that the number of Christians who participated in the last year’s pilgrimage in Adamawa State would be surpassed this year. In his welcome remarks, the Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) who is also the Catholic Bishop of Yola Arch Diocese, Bishop Stephen Mamza expressed happiness for the interactive session between NCPC and the church in Adamawa State. He explained that the visit would serve as a source of hope and encouragement for the pilgrimage project in the state. “It is our hope that with your presence, we will be able to get good support for Christian pilgrimage and strong collaboration so that we will be able to achieve the objectives of your Commission,” Bishop Mamza said. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!