Kano state governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has described his recent victory at the election tribunal, saying the victory was a plus to democracy and to the teeming masses of the country. The very opposition party that contested with the ruling party -All Progressive Congress  (APC) are full of expired politicians, who he said have no interest of the downtrodden masses at heart. The Governor dedicated his victory at the Tribunal to Kano people,  as he also reiterated his resolve to ensure that every child in Kano gets quality and free education. Ganduje made the assertion while speaking with mammoth crowds that welcome him back to the country after accompanied president Muhammed Buhari to South Africa. It would be recalled that Ganduje , who was around when his victory was affirmed at the election tribunal, later travelled along with president Buhari to South Africa, and since his arrival with the president from South Africa, however,  he had decided to stay back in Abuja. His words: “We thank you for your prayers. We have won the election with sweet victory. The victory is not for me alone, it is a victory to the entire people of Kano state. It is a victory for humanity, it is a victory for democracy.” ALSO READ: Radiology services still too expensive for many patients —Expert He, however, declared that the masses of the state voted en masse for him because they believed his administration has touched the lives of ordinary Nigerians, noting that the opposition parties thought with propaganda, they could win the election. Lagos Assembly throws out alleged $200,000 bribery petition… Ex-President Jonathan keeps mum after meeting Buhari at Aso… Outrage in Delta over sale of adulterated petrol in Warri… Apple pulls Hong Kong app used by protesters after China… “The high level of awareness and political sophistication of Kano People, could not be played upon, hence they rejected during the election and they voted against them.” He said, for now, the opposition parties in the state, are expired full with expired politicians. According to him: “We made it very clear that basic education is free and compulsory for all children in Kano state. “We made it clear that the Almajiris system of education will be integrated into the mainstream education system. “We also made a resolution that all out of school children will go back to the classroom. This is a task that must be done. We must ensure free education for our children and also provide skill acquisition programmes for our teeming youths. “We are also very much concerned over the welfare of the physically challenged. We will take care of them. We will send them to school. We will create job opportunities for them. We will empower them and ensure that their children, too, go to school.” He added:  “Our administration loves everybody irrespective of political affiliation. We love you all. We are peaceful and all we pray is for the development of Kano state. Remain peaceful and law-abiding. I am indeed grateful for your support. “I thank you for your appearance, we thank you for all that you have done in order to ensure our success in the last election.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!