The Co-founder of a multilevel marketing and manufacturing company, Norland Nigeria, Mrs Anthonia Ibekwe has urged unemployed youths not be fixated on white-collar jobs but explore other legitimate ways of making a living. Ibekwe gave the advice on Sunday in Lagos while speaking with newsmen on the sidelines of Norland’s 2nd anniversary celebration and awards. She noted that the number of formal jobs was shrinking, urging youths to explore many opportunities outside of formal settings to be engaged and lead productive lives. ”Many youths are unemployed today because they believe they must work in offices and so are searching endlessly for white-collar jobs. ”’There is nothing wrong in looking for jobs in offices but the reality is that the jobs are no more there. ”Therefore our youths should explore the many opportunities outside of the formal setting instead of remaining unemployed, looking for what is not sure” Ibekwe said. ALSO READ: Govt to invest on 2,000 entrepreneurs in Ekiti She said Norland Nigeria had touched the lives of many in various ways since it came to the country two years ago. Ibekwe said the company, through its health and lifestyle products, had improved the wellbeing and living standard of many Nigerians. The Norland co-founder added that many distributors on the company’s multi-marketing network had been impacted and empowered through generous rewards. ”Norland is a registered multi marketing and manufacturing company that has come to empower Nigerians and promote their health and well being. ”We have touched lives in many ways since we came in two years ago. We are urging more  Nigerians to key into our products and multi- marketing network as we are for health , wellbeing, and prosperity”, she said. Experts, groups want new NDDC board to supervise audit Reps query N127bn power budget allocation Again, fire guts Lagos Water Corporation in Onikan Convicted cyber fraudster not our student ― MAPOLY She said the anniversary celebration and awards was to mark the ”phenomenal strides” of Norland in just two years in the country and reward distributors. Also speaking, Mrs Amaka Success, also a co-founder of Norland Nigerians urged youths to be focussed and not see barriers in their journeys to success. She said the company had empowered many of its distributors regardless of age, sex and educational background. ”I don’t think lack of education and others should be a barrier to one’s quest for success. ”What matters is determination and hard work. At Norland, we have empowered so many of our distributors of different classes and backgrounds. We are here for wellbeing and prosperity; we don’t see barriers”, she said. Success said the achievements the company had recorded in two years was as a result of the confidence Nigerians reposed in it, urging more support for the organisation Mr Kenny Chen, Vice-President, Norland Africa said the company was present in 20 African countries with two offices in Nigeria. He explained that the company was not only involved in multi-level marketing but in production in lifestyle and health products as well as research. ALSO READ: 33 NYSC members get service extension, 25 abscond in Oyo State Chen said Nigeria was one of the biggest markets of Norland and that the company had recorded great strides since it came into the country two years ago. Mrs Asi Emmanuel, a top distributor of the company’s product said she had made great fortunes marketing the Norland’s products. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN)reports that no fewer than 40 SUVs were presented to top distributors” achievers” by the company for that the ceremony. Some other distributors also went home with items such as LED TVs , refrigerators and others as rewards for high performance. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....