I congratulate Nigerians and Nigeria on her 59th independence celebrations. The journey so far has been ups and downs but thank God that we have been able to unite as a nation even though more needs to be done. My heart bleeds about the state of the nation, with her abundant human and mineral resources, that is still crawling and using feeding bottle at 59. Is this the nation the likes of Chief Obafemi Awolowo, Nnamdi Azikiwe and Alhaji Shehu Shagari, of blessed memories, fought for? Do we need to celebrate and if need be, what are we celebrating? How can we celebrate when some Nigerians like Leah Sharibu are in captivity either dead or alive? Herdsmen killing, kidnapping for ransom, ritual killing, injustice, cabals, godfatherism and winning elections with people’s blood have become the order of the day; a nation where the common man has no say. For a nation like Nigeria to develop, there must be an alliance of young, vibrant men and women of integrity and purposeful ideas to brainstorm, suggest the appropriate measures for the people and come up with realistic policies to better the life of the citizens. As youths are the future of this great nation, we are greatly responsible to guide people in the right direction, people who are ready, willing and brave to rescue the nation from the hands of corrupt, clueless, selfish leaders and hand it over to people who are radical and ready to take the bull by the horns. The major problem facing the growth and development of our country is governance and the expectation of Nigerians and our heroes past that Nigeria will present and give equal opportunities of social, economic and cultural advancement to the people. Towards curbing vote-buying during Kogi, Bayelsa gov… NIGERIA @ 59: Celebration of a ‘cake-less’ birthday Why I always remember HID Awolowo Oyo state and effective community policing Some leaders have failed us and can no longer be trusted to govern us either at the local, state or federal level. We must see unity as the weapon with which we can shape and reclaim Nigeria. We must stand to walk and not crawl. Our leaders must prove to the world that we are independent by providing the needed social amenities to her citizens. One thing our leaders should know is that people may forget what they say, what they do but people will never forget how the leaders made them feel. Nigeria will rise again.   Oloyo Toyin, Lagos SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!