Director-General of National Agency for the Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP), Mrs. Julie Okah-Donli on Monday disclosed that about three million young Nigerians are held in sexual labour and other forms of slavery internally and in various parts of the world. She disclosed this during the 2019/2020 budget defence held at the instance of the House Committee on Diaspora chaired by Hon. Tolulope Sadipe. While noting that the fight against human trafficking cannot be overemphasized, Mrs. Okah-Donli affirmed that it is a well organised and versatile crime which is now being used to finance terrorism and drug trade in Nigeria. According to her, the agency was charged with the responsibility of coordinating all national responses to the crime of human trafficking, including law enforcement, victim protection and empowerment, research into root causes of human trafficking as well as building robust networks among governmental and non-governmental partners. ALSO READ: CBN to spend N100bn on textile industry revival CBN to spend N100bn on textile industry revival You cannot escape justice at Supreme Court ― PDP tells APC TETFUND grants N300m to Bauchi varsity Nigeria needs sacrificial leadership to reach her destiny ―… During the overview of the 2019 budget implementation, the NAPTIP administrator noted that the challenges confronting the agency are quite enormous and have been exacerbated by the current upsurge in migration to Europe from the Middle East and parts of Africa, especially Nigeria. According to her, the latest estimates indicate that between three million young Nigerians are held in sexual labour and other forms of slavery internally and in various parts of the world. “This certainly needs a robust response from our government which enjoys enormous goodwill globally and I am sure you all agree with me that N33 million is grossly inadequate.” As stipulated in the N363.195 million Overhead component of the 2020 budget estimates, the agency requested for N2.5 million for telephone charges, N3.6 million for maintenance of plants/generators and additional sum of N7.4 million for plant/generator fuel cost; N7.2 million for motor vehicle fuel cost, N9.6 million for maintenance of motor vehicle/transport equipment. It also requested N5.480 million for the printing of non-security documents; N16 million for security vote (including operations); N37.750 million for publicity & advertisements; N3.320 million for refreshment; N2.5 million for sporting activities; N1.5 million for annual budget expenses and administration. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!