As parts of efforts to celebrate the 2019 International Day of the Girl Child, a non-governmental organisation, Gift Jimoh Foundation, has asked the government to support every female child to develop their potentials for societal development. The foundation said the support is necessary for them to, in turn, make the society better. Chief Executive Officer of the foundation, Gift Jimoh, on Friday said, the girl child, as a future mother deserves utmost care from all in the society. She stated this on the sidelines of the foundation’s enlightenment programme and donation of books and sanitary pads to pupils of Grace of God Secondary School in Karu Local Government Area of Nasarawa State. Jimoh wants “the government and caregivers to support the girl child in making the country a favourable place as this is imperative for them to maximise their potentials and become better people to themselves and the society. Poor materials, major cause for building collapses in… Sowore, Bakare yet to meet bail conditions Flood: Ondo govt closes schools for three weeks NIWA demolishes shanties around Iddo waterfront in Lagos “The international day for the girl child is important in the lives of girls because they are vulnerable and often times prone to abuses. “Educating the girl child is the best gift a parent can offer his or her child, because education is the key to success. “We are giving out sanitary pads and exercise book while we teach and enlighten school girls on personal hygiene, self-esteem and career choices,” Jimoh added. ALSO READ: Davido’s unborn child hits endorsement deal She also added that the girl child should be treated with equal rights devoid of discrimination. Tribune Online reports that the International Day of the Girl Child is set aside by the United Nations to raise awareness about issues affecting the development of the girl child in the society. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!