PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari, on Friday, said stricter laws were needed to prevent girls from being abused in schools. In his reaction to the recent high-profile revelation of sexual abuse cases in institutions of higher learning in the country, President Buhari said he was glad that the incident, exposed through under-cover news reporting at the University of Lagos, had spurred an amendment to the nation’s laws regarding the issue in the National Assembly. Legislative agenda: Buhari tasks NASS on good legislations UPDATE: Petrol on sale at Futga Filling Station in Delta not… Poor materials, major cause for building collapses in… Sowore, Bakare yet to meet bail conditions Flood: Ondo govt closes schools for three weeks The president, in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, said such proposed amendments passed by the legislature would get his support as long as they conform to the constitution. “The country must do more to address incidents of sexual violence, sexual abuses in our schools, discrimination, human trafficking and cultural practices that violate women’s rights,” President Buhari said. He urged law enforcement agencies and school administrators to take up such cases with seriousness and ensure that perpetrators face the consequences of their actions. “Survivors and their families must avoid cover-up. They should be encouraged to come forth and report cases of abuses wherever and whenever they occur,” the president demanded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!