Authorities of the University of Lagos have suspended its lecturer who was involved in a sex-for-marks scandal, Dr. Boniface Igbeneghu. Tribune Online earlier today, reported that Dr Boniface, who is also a presiding pastor of one of the church’s parishes was identified in a #SexForGrades undercover video released by the BBC on Monday. Undercover journalist, Kiki Mordi, had disguised as a 17-year-old admission seeker in the video. UNILAG chancellor, Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, confirmed the development to PREMIUM TIMES in an interview Monday afternoon. Mr Ogundipe said the lecturer has been suspended indefinitely. ”A panel will be set up to investigate the issue,” he said. In a related development, the Foursquare Gospel Church in Nigeria has also asked Dr. Boniface Igbeneghu, a lecturer in the University of Lagos, exposed in the undercover video to step down from “all ministerial assignments.” The directive to suspend Dr Boniface was contained in a statement issued by National Secretary of the church, Rev. Ikechukwu Ugbaja. While dissociating itself from alleged conduct of Dr. Boniface, the church also promise to investigate and punish him if found guilty. The church noted that as a “holiness and Bible-believing Church,” it does not condone such “heinous and unscriptural act” among its ministers. Education: The Abiodun intervention in Ogun #SexForGrades scandal: Atiku says ‘It’s an… Fullrange microfinance bank offers loan to transporters SDP constitutes caretaker committee for party in Osun ALSO READ: BREAKING: Tribunal affirms Gov Bala Mohammed’s election in Bauchi The statement reads: “The attention of the leadership of The Foursquare Gospel Church in Nigeria has been drawn to a video clip trending on social media platforms titled “Sex for grades: Undercover in West Africa Universities- BBC News” “Wherein a lecturer in University of Lagos names Dr. Boniface Igbeneghu also described as a pastor in Foursquare Gospel Church was allegedly involved in sexual misconduct with some female students of the university. “The general public is hereby informed that as a holiness and Bible-believing Church, we do not condone such heinous and unscriptural act among our ministers. “We totally dissociate ourselves from the purported conduct of Dr. Igbenoghu and promise to take appropriate measure as soon as the ongoing investigation is concluded. “Meanwhile, the pastor in question has been asked to step down from all ministerial assignments.” Press StatementThe attention of the leadership of The Foursquare Gospel Church in Nigeria has been drawn to a video clip trending on social media platforms titled “Sex for grades: Undercover in West Africa Universities- BBC News” 1/5 — Foursquare Gospel Church (@FoursquareNigr) October 7, 2019  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!