The seven-year-old union between a man, Abiodun Osobukola and his wife, Omolara Osobukola has been dissolved by Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State on the accounts of childlessness. Abiodun who dragged his wife to court also stated disregard, misconduct and waywardness as other reasons for his action. The plaintiff told the court his union with the defendant had caused him a lot of stress and setback. He thus implored the court to end their relationship so that he could move on with his life. Omolara despite being served two court summons refused to show up in court. Ruling after he had heard the plaintiff, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade dissolved their wedlock and ordered a copy of the judgment to be served the defendant. “My lord, my wife has ceased to recognise my authority in the home. She no longer has regard for me and has chosen not to listen to my counsel any more. “We got married seven years ago but the bliss in our marriage lasted for only two years. The relationship between my wife and I gradually became sour the moment she stated moving with friends who are uncultured and who ill-advised her. My wife travelled abroad, abandoned me and  our only child,… ‘My husband always strips himself naked, lights a candle,… He starves me and our child, takes his lovers to joints He beat me for asking for our children’s fees, feeding… “Omolara believes more in her friends than me and takes in their advice hook, line and sinker. She suddenly became arrogant and started addressing me rudely. UPDATE: FEC okays April 18 as take-off date for new minimum wage “My wife is not bothered about our childless state. Rather than joining hands with me in seeking a lasting solution to this problem, she chose to behave unreasonably. “Any time I call her attention to the fact that in another few years she will reach menopause, she will go irate and tell me I’m free to take another wife. “My lord, aside being childless, one other vital reason for my coming to court is that Omolara has now taken to adultery. My life is certainly no longer safe with her. “She has since packed her belongings from my house after a misunderstanding between us. “My lord, I implore this honourable court to end our marriage so that I can move on with my life, “Abiodun said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!