Governor of Sokoto State, Zonal Aminu Waziri Tambuwal and the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar have both emphasised the need to develop a homegrown solution to the present security challenges facing the country. The Sultan was speaking during the maiden Town Hall meeting on security organised by the Sultanate Council in collaboration with the Nigeria Union of Journalists, Sokoto state chapter. The President General of the Islamic Council of Nigeria expressed worried over the rising security threat in the north-west region. He stressed the need for partnership between political leaders and traditional rulers for the purpose of finding a lasting solution to the crisis. ALSO READ: Lagos assembly calls for restructuring of office of disability affairs Nigeria dares ECOWAS protocol, shuts down borders nationwide Rice Smuggling: Court orders interim freezing of 45 bank… Lagos assembly calls for restructuring of office of… African Economic Congress to offer solutions to continental… The Sultan expressed disappointment over the alleged involvement of some traditional rulers aiding the activities of armed bandits in parts of Zamfara state. He advocated for prosecution of any traditional ruler caught in the act of supporting banditry and other criminal activities. On his part Sokoto state governor Aminu Tambuwal stressed the need for Nigeria to strengthen all her institutions. The Governor lamented the acute shortage of manpower in the Nigeria security agencies stressing the need for a total reinforcement of the nation’s security architecture. He also advocated for more funding as well as proper intelligent gathering and collaborating with the traditional institutions for better result-oriented efforts. At the meeting three key speakers that include Rtd General Ishola Williams, Emir of Zamfara, Alh Muhammad Attahiru Ahmad and Prof.Tukur Baba of Federal University Birnin Kebbi made presentations. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!