By Toluwani Olamitoke  The 17-year-old marriage between a couple, Ganiyu Raimi and Adijat Raimi has been dissolved by Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State. Ganiyu, who approached the court, sought for a separation from his wife on the accounts of violence and constant fight by the latter. The plaintiff claimed to be living in fear because his life was not safe with his wife. He thus sought for expedient action by the court on his case. He further prayed the court if his prayer was answered, to restrain the defendant from coming to his residence or work place to harass or fight him. Adijat refused to give her consent to divorce, stating that she still loves her husband. “I have known no rest since I got married to my wife. Adijat is weird in her behaviour and this puts fear in me always. She is troublesome and fights me day and night. She fights like a jackal and on many occasions overpowers me. “She finds fault in all that I do and raises argument on trivial issues. Adijat goes violent any time we have a misunderstanding and ends it in a brawl. “She sees every fight as an opportunity to destroy the property in the house. I have spent a fortune replacing these, but the more I do, the more she destroys them. “My lord, I go about almost naked because she has destroyed almost all my clothes. She’s in the habit of tearing my clothes into shreds when we fight. I have likewise lost many shoes during scuffles with her. “Adijat has made an attempt on my life many times. She draws knifes at me and at some other times threaten me with broken bottles. I would have been a dead man by now if neighbours had not always come to my rescue. He dates women older than him, infected me with STDs,… “My wife got married to me carrying another  man’s two weeks… ‘He collected N100,000 from me, but refused to give me her… My husband spends his fortune on women, have sex with them… “My lord, my wife at another time went wild during a fight and almost set our house on fire. It took the efforts of hefty men who restrained and calmed her down. But for providence, I would probably have been living on the streets now. “The last time she fought me, she broke the windscreen of my car and broke the car key. “My lord, I can’t go further in this marriage. The earlier I opted out of it the better and the time is now,” Ganiyu told the court. Giving her evidence, Adijat said:“My lord, my husband is a pathological liar. He cooked up all those stories to curry the court’s favour. “I don’t remember ever fighting him with broken bottle not to mention setting our house on fire. “Ganiyu is irresponsible and has regularly failed to pay our children’s school fees. This, my lord, is the crux of the matter. “My husband neglects our children and is indifferent to their education. He brings up a fight any time I draw his attention to his responsibility in this regard. “I’m solely responsible for our children’s education. Aside paying their school fees, I buy their books, school uniforms and other essentials. My lord, I discharge this responsibility along other pressing needs in the home. “I entreat this honourable court to enforce it that Ganiyu pays our children’s school fees as and when due and meet every other educational needs, “Adijat stated. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade dissolved their wedlock and granted custody of the first two children, aged 17 years and 12 years to the plaintiff and the last two aged nine years and three years to the defendant. The plaintiff was mandated to pay the sum of N10, 000 every month for the upkeep of the last two children and be responsible for their education and health care among other issues. He was also ordered to give the defendant the sum of N3, 000 to pack her belongings from his house.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....