September 21st each year is set aside for worldwide action on solid waste problem, tagged World Cleanup Day. This year Nigeria was not left out, as major cities such as Lagos, Abuja, Port Harcourt, Ibadan, Kaduna and over 20 others joined in one of the largest civic actions in the world. Some organisations that took part in this year’s clean-up exercise in Abuja were Pick That Trash, Let’s Do It Nigeria Campaign, Junior Chamber International (JCI), EcoBarter, SustyVibes, Sustainable African Cities and Communities Initiative, AREAi, and EcoWarriors. Volunteers from these organisations who cleaned up Jabi Motor Park and Nyanya Motor Park, asked the authorities to provide facilities such as waste bins for the public to keep the environment clean. Rita Idehai, CEO, EcoBarter and one of the organisers of the clean-up, said that “It is sad that as big as Jabi Park is, there is no waste bin. The people are clamouring for provision of waste bins and other cleaning materials, and so we also wish to call on the local government and Abuja Environmental Protection Board to please provide adequate waste infrastructure for communities and areas such as Jabi Park.” Abuja-Kaduna train service generates N100m monthly ― NRC MD AdesuwaObasuyi, executive director of Sustainable African Cities and Communities Initiative and the coordinator of the Jabiclean-up, praised the management of the park for their cooperation. Climate change: EHSA, FRIN collaborate on tree planting… Outlier venture lab: Environment entrepreneurs to attract… Climate action can foster peace in the environment — CEPEJ World Clean Up Day: Why we  participated —Nigerian youths She advised them to continuously keep their environment clean to avoid diseases and to make the park attractive for public use. She stated that this year’s clean-up was particularly impactful because plastic bottles that were collected by the volunteers were donated to AREAi for their Education-in-Bottles Project. Prince Muhammad Bello Kusharki, the president of JCI Abuja Unity, commented that it was an amazing opportunity for JCI to partner with other organisations for the clean-up. In his remarks, Mr Olajide Idowu, the chairman of Jabi Motor Park, commended the volunteers. He said that although there are clean-ups two Saturdays in a month in the park, their efforts are not enough due to the massive influx of people day and at night into the park. He stated that the major challenge they faced was the need for bigger waste bins to serve the population who use the park. Pick That Trash and partners championed the clean-up and sensitisation of the residents, business owners, and individuals in two locations in Abuja, Jabi Motor Park and Nyanya Motor Park, having identified that it is highly necessary to sensitize motor park users on the need to have a clean, green and litter-free environment. Over 60 volunteers turned up at both locations for the day. Others organisation involved in the clean-up day were Green Light Initiative, EarthPlus Africa, Bonanaija.com, WeMove Prosthetics, EdenWorld Initiative, Ecology Students Forum, Young Leadership Association of Nigeria, Gombe Goes Green, Fiepa International Consult Limited, Midel Management, Climate and Sustainable Development Network of Nigeria (CSDevNet), and Abuja Environmental Protection Board. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.