Kwara state government has been urged to urgently address challenges facing the teaching profession in the state to ensure maximum output from teachers. Speaking at the 2019 world Teachers Day celebrations in Ilorin on Saturday, the state chairman of the Nigeria Union of Teachers, Comrade Toyin Solihu, said that the state government should ensure prompt payment of salary arrears and allowances owed SUBEB staff in the state. Comrade Solihu also urged the state government to settle the over five months salary of sunset teachers employed by the immediate past administration a few months before its exit. ALSO READ: Akinfenwa’s death: Another loss to the progressives’ family ― Oyetola Niger water board generates N12m monthly ― Official 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools Igbo not ready for 2023 presidency ― Wabara Amidst protests, Nigerians mark independence anniversary in… He said the training and re-training of teachers should also be given priority to improve on the quality of education. Comrade Solihu assured the state government of the determination of the union to ensure better service delivery. Also speaking, Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, who was represented by the Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Hon. Yakubu Danladi, said that the legislators and the executives will collaborate in finding a lasting solution to the challenges affecting teaching profession. He urged the teachers to contribute their own quota to the development of the state by impacting quality education to those put under their care. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!