No fewer than 700 people from Oke-Ero Local Government Area of Kwara will benefit from a free eye care outreach programme under the Ajuloopin Healthcare Initiative set to commence on Thursday. Hon. Tunji Olawuyi, the member representing Ekiti, Isin, Irepodun and Oke-Ero Federal Constituency, who is sponsoring the programme,  disclosed this in a statement on Tuesday. ALSO READ: FUOYE killings: NANS seeks compensation for victims, families He said 70 persons would be picked per ward in the local government while the programme would kick off from the Alofa of Ilofa Palace. FG targets $1.5bn revenue from new deep offshore contract PDP tasks NASS to redirect 2020 Budget FG targets N8.155trn revenue in 2020 fiscal year IGP tasks officers on assets declaration The lawmaker also said an agricultural employment programme, which would involve training and start-up fund covering no fewer than 210 beneficiaries, was underway. Olawuyi explained that the agricultural employment programme was a CBN support Initiative and would draw participants from the four local governments in the constituency. “The agricultural programme requires training and loan in any field of your choice. “You must prove to the officials that you are capable of doing well in the chosen field and you can empower more people by providing employment after successful completion of the programme, ” Olawuyi said. NAN. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!