The Lagos State House of Assembly has called on Ministry of Environment and Lagos State Environmental Protection Agency (LASEPA) to investigate water pollution at Akoka Igbare in Somolu community. Hon. Rotimi Olowo representing Somolu constituency 1 raised this under matter of public importance at plenary on Tuesday. The lawmaker explained that water in the area has been polluted by Premium Motor Spirit known as petroleum and the community have been drinking the water for over 2years which he described as poisonous. He said it likely the petroleum spill from underground tanker of the filling station in the area, therefore called for a thorough investigation to ascertain the cause. ALSO READ: Nigeria losing N2.5trillion annually at seaports Oyinlola mourns Ogunrinade, pioneer Osun PDP chairman Pirates kidnap 2 policemen, boatman in Rivers Rwanda launches ‘first made-in-Africa’… Taraba killing: Army BOI submits report, recommends… According to him, there is a primary school in the area and this is the same water the pupils have been drinking for two years. Hon. Akeem Sokunle representing Oshodi Isolo 1 opined that the poisonous water could result in skin cancer and that it is likely to affect the unborn children. Hon. Desmond Elliot representing Surulere 1 said the filling station in the area might be ignorant of this matter. He also aligns himself with the prayer of Hon. Olowo. In his contribution, Hon. Sanai Agunbiade representing Ikorodu 1 urged the House to ascertain the cause of the pollution, saying it might not be from the filling station. The Speaker, Hon. Mudashiru Obasa, therefore, directed the Clerk to send the resolution of the House to the agencies concerned. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!