Lagos State government said that plans are being perfected to ensure that the forthcoming holy pilgrimage to Jerusalem is hitch-free and worthwhile for the intending pilgrims. Commissioner for Home Affairs, Pharmacist Uzamat Akinbile-Yusuf, said this during a Medical and Administrative Screening Exercise organised for the intending pilgrims to Jerusalem, Greece and Rome later in the year. Speaking during the ceremony which held at Chapel of Christ The Light, Alausa, Ikeja, Akinbile-Yusuf attributed the large turnout of the intending pilgrims for the exercise to their readiness for the spiritual exercise, adding that it also underscores their willingness to comply with instructions. “I am delighted with the impressive turn out for this screening exercise. This shows that you are all law-abiding and that you will heed to all directives when you get to Jerusalem and also be good representatives of Lagos State and Nigeria as a whole,” she said. ALSO READ: EFCC hands over N111.4 million recovered loot to Kwara govt Oyo APC berates Makinde, Speaker over controversial N7.6b… I don’t own a single share in KAEDCO ― Namadi Sambo NNPC seals $2.5bn gas supply deal with NLNG Sanwo-Olu’s wife defies downpour, leads clean–up of… Akinbile-Yussuf averred that, as part of efforts to make the pilgrimage a worthwhile experience, she would be leading a delegation next week to Israel to ensure that their authorities are ready to receive the intending pilgrims and also put all necessary arrangements in place for the arrival of pilgrims. On the essence of the screening exercise, Akinbile-Yusuf said the medical screening was to know the status of all intending pilgrims and put in place proper medical assistance here in Nigeria before the commencement of the journey. She assured that the state government would make adequate preparations for the intending pilgrims to have a memorable and worthwhile experience during the holy exercise. “The medical screening is to know the status of all intending pilgrims and put in place proper medical assistance here in Nigeria before the commencement of the journey. But l must assure you all that the State government will make adequate preparations for you to have a memorable and worthwhile experience during the holy exercise,” the commissioner said. The Executive Secretary, Lagos State Christian Pilgrims Welfare Board, LSCPWB, Mrs. Florence Gbafe, in her remarks, counselled the intending pilgrims on expectations right from the day of departure till the day of return to the country, stressing that anyone discovered to be unfit for the journey due to a life-threatening ailment would not be allowed to embark on the pilgrimage. “I wish to assure you all that this particular pilgrimage promises to be an unforgettable spiritual experience with overpowering emotions, excitement and adventure. We will ensure you have a seamless airlifting and effective administration exercise,” she assured. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!