Five people reportedly lost their lives while 14 others were seriously injured in a road accident which occurred on Thursday at Oyoyo village in Owo Local Government Area of Ondo state. The four victims who were burnt beyond recognition were said to be travelling to Makurdi, Benue state when the accident happened. The accident which was said to occur around 1 pm involved the 18- passenger bus with a registered number; MKD 341 XA and a Peugeot J5 bus with registration number; BDG 330 AP According to an eye witness, who said the Toyota bus was heading to Benue while the J5 bus was heading towards Owena in Osun state. ALSO READ: Border closure: Customs seize 1,072 vehicles, 19,000 bags of foreign rice Again, fire guts Lagos Water Corporation in Onikan Police arraign man over alleged theft of generator in Ekiti Yewa group condemns alleged killing of students by customs… MAPOLY student jailed for cybercrime He said there was head-on collusion between the two vehicles, saying the vehicles went on fire immediately leading to the death of the five people who were burnt beyond recognition. He said, “Immediately the two vehicles collided, they caught fire and burnt all the occupants of the bus but about 14 of the occupants were rescued and taken to the hospital while five others were burnt beyond recognition.” Confirming the incident, the State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) said the accident was caused by the recklessness of the drivers. “It was a case of a head-on collision and the two vehicles went on fire burning five of the occupants beyond recognition.” Joseph, however, said 14 people injured in the accident were rushed to the Federal Medical Center in Owo for medical attention and treatment. He said the identities and addresses of the two drivers remained unknown but said the burnt vehicles which caused gridlock on the busy highway had been removed to allow free flow of traffic.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....