Senator Ishaku Elisha Abbo has alerted the national secretariat of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) of imminent disintegration of the party in Adamawa State. Speaking with newsmen in Abuja, Senator Abbo accused the state governor, Ahmadu Fintiri of appropriating the party secretariat in the state. He accused Governor Fintiri of imposing his anointed candidates for the local government elections. He said: “As a result of Fintiri’s pettiness and dictatorship in governance and party affairs in Adamawa State, PDP is not only in intensive care unit in the state but on life support machine for survival. “The governor is running the party in the state like a gangster and I don’t and will never eat on the same table with dictators.” ALSO READ: Senator Abbo, APC, and politics of toxic partisanship He noted that certain chieftains of the PDP in the state were planning for a showdown with Governor Fintiri over what he called the unjustifiable disqualification of 24 party leaders across the various local government areas in the state from participating in a local government election. NigeriaAt59: Natasha congratulate Kogites, Nigerians NigeriaAt59: Kano govt empowers over 200,000 youths in 4… Civil Society demands review of BEDC licence over poor… CSOs in Rivers warn against deliberate attempt to undermine… “The disqualified party stakeholders, their supporters and leaders are no doubt waiting for the appropriate time to strike back at Fintiri which may spell doom not only for him but PDP in the state. “Fintiri to me is smaller than the responsibility given him as governor of the state, the very reason he is dragging both the state and PDP down to his petty level. “He is no doubt, an ingrate who after contributing nothing financially to the running of the party and elections that landed him into office as governor, decided to be fighting those who put him there. He will surely meet his Waterloo soonest because I will fight him to finish along with others.” Speaking on Nigeria 59th independence anniversary, Senator Abbo admitted that restructuring was becoming compelling to save the nation from doom. “Nigeria must be restructured in finding the right path to development-driven nationhood because the path anybody or any nation takes at any time, determines his or its future. “Nobody should be threatened by restructuring. It is a necessity for a country that is going backwards and not forward in her journey of Nationhood.” He, however, added that restructuring of the country into a functional federation as it was from the beginning during the first republic, would have to be in phases with required public enlightenment by those genuinely pushing for it. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.