The United Nations Children’s Fund has called on the  Federal and State governments to invest more in children, saying many Nigerian children are hungry, lack access to quality education and healthcare. UNICEF Representative in Nigeria, Peter Hawkins stated this in an open letter he wrote to Nigeria’s children and read on Thursday in Abuja at an event to commemorate 30 years of adoption of Convention on Rights of Children (CRC). He said: “There are still millions of children in the world and here in Nigeria whose rights are not fully respected and protected. “Too many children are still subjected to violence, discrimination or exploitation, are hungry, have not been able to go to school, especially girls. And too many of you are robbed of your childhoods due to conflict and insecurity. NANS nonimates Tambuwal as best performing Governor in… Doctor suspended after baby born without face Grassroots, strength of our party ― Bello/Onoja campaign… EFCC urges NBA to sanction lawyer for suing commission at… ALSO READ: NANS nonimates Tambuwal as best performing Governor in Education “Fulfillment of your rights also depends on leaders taking action on issues that will affect your lives-fighting poverty, ensuring that children have access to quality healthcare, nutritious food, clean water, good education and that no child is subjected to violence, exploitation or abuse. “Too many young Nigerians don’t have full education that will prepare them for modern jobs and business opportunities. Many children in families with low incomes are left behind and miss out on the opportunities offered wealthier families-these children are in a poverty trap determine entirely by the family she or he was born into. This not fair,” he said. He challenged the children to make the demand for urgent action for their rights, while also calling on stakeholders to join hands with UNICEF in protecting the rights of every Nigerian child for them to have a fair chance in life to fulfil their full potential and achieve their dreams. The highlight of the occasion was the presentation of Passport to the Rights of children, which Hawkins said a copy should be made available to every Nigerian child for the children to know their rights by the year 2024. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!