An authorised visa service provider for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, VFS TasHeel, has announced that it has launched tourist visa services at its centres across 30 countries worldwide. According to the official, applicants will also be able to travel for Umrah on a tourist visa, but not during the Hajj season, while Saudi Arabia’s new visa policy is opened for nationals of UAE, Jordan, Egypt, Pakistan, Indonesia, Algeria, Bahrain, Cameroon, Chad, Cote D’Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea, Mali, Mauritania, Maldives, Nigeria, Philippines, South Africa, Sri Lanka and Tajikistan for a tourist visa. The release also stated that the visa process is open to applicants from all nationalities except 49 countries that are eligible for a visa on arrival or e-visa. Nasarawa gov directs school principals to stop charging fees Ganduje wants death penalty for kidnappers in Kano State #CashAndcarryPrison: Aregbesola lauds Fisayo Soyombo,… Borno re-introduces monthly sanitation after 26 years ALSO READ: Security expert calls for increased protection of judges Acting as a trusted service provider between visa applicants and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, VFS TasHeel’s visa services centres, spanning Middle East, Africa, Asia, Australia and Europe, provide full array of visa services including, dissemination of accurate visa information, application guidance, fee management, identity management with biometrics enrollment and application submission for all available visa categories. Biometric enrollment includes highly secure collection of fingerprints, facial image and biographic details, such as passport information. VFS TasHeel started serving customers under the new type of tourist visa in most of its countries of operations. A spokesperson of VFS TasHeel said: “The increasing openness of international markets brings immense opportunities to the tourism sector – and Saudi Arabia’s new policies acknowledge that tourism has an important role to play in the kingdom’s social and economic development. In support of the government’s initiatives, we are pleased to offer tourist visa services www.vfstasheel.com in 30 countries, and make the entire process more seamless and convenient for potential leisure travellers and pilgrims for Umrah.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!