Former National President of the Nigerian Union of Journalist (NUJ), Abdulwaheed Odusile has asked the National Industrial Court in Abuja to restrain Chris Isiguzo from parading himself as the National President of the association. Odusile, in a suit filed on his behalf by his counsel, Obina Okeke, held that Isiguzo, the only defendant in the matter is not qualified to contest any elective position in the NUJ because he (Isiguzo) is not a valid member of the association. The plaintiff, in the suit, prayed the court for an order mandating the defendant to vacate the official office of the National President of NUJ at its headquarters, in Mabuchi, Abuja and hand over same to him. Odusile also prayed the court for an order for him to be sworn in as the National President of the NUJ with immediate effect. Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… Social entrepreneur challenges leaders to address poverty The defendant also prayed the court to declare that his tenure in office shall take effect from the date he takes oath of office as the National President of the NUJ. ALSO READ: Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday According to the plaintiff, Isiguzo is not qualified to have contested or be voted for in the national election of the NUJ held on the 4th to 5th October, 2018 as National President or any other position, by virtue of Article 3(1)(a), (2)(a) and (b) of the NUJ constitution of November 15, 2011. He wants a, “declaration that by virtue of Article 3(1)(a), (2)(a) and (b) of the NUJ constitution of November 15, 2011, neither Mr Chris Isiguzo Ikechukwu C, Isiguzoro Ikechukwu Christopher contested the NUJ election of 4th to 5th October 2018.” No date has been fixed to commence the hearing of the suit filed on October 16, 2019. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!