The Ministry of Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, has finally transmitted the 2019 budget proposal of the Commission to the National Assembly for consideration as required by its Act. A top official of the Ministry told the Nigerian Tribune in confidence in Abuja over the weekend that the Minister, Senator Godwin Akpabio gave the approval for. the transmission of the documents to the two chambers of the National Assembly last week following the alarm raised by the House Committee on NDDC that the  Commission was still operating with 2018 budget contrary to the Act that established it in 2000. At the inaugural sitting of the Committee on last week Wednesday,  the Chairman of the House Committee on NDDC, Hon Olubunmi Tunji-Ojo disclosed that the Management of the Commission had failed to furnish the National Assembly with its 2019 budget proposal as well as that of, 2020 as required by the law. ALSO READ: Atiku’s appeal: CUPP fires back at Supreme Court According to him, “as we speak, the commission is yet to submit its 2019 budget appropriation to the National Assembly for approval in line with the Act that sets it up not to talk of 2020 one. “Section 18(1) of the NDDC Act 2000 states: “The Board shall not later than 30th September submit to the National Assembly through President and Commander -in- Chief of the Armed Forces an estimate of the expenditure and income of the Commission during the succeeding year for approval. “Today is October 9th, the Commission is yet to bring the budget for the 2019 fiscal year not to talk of 2020 of which the Mr President submitted before the Assembly on Tuesday, what has Commission been operating with? Rumbling in Senate over recruitment scandal in FIRS, NDLEA,… Delta govt gets tough against sanitation offenders in Asaba,… Minimum wage: FG, Labour shift ground, negotiations continue… Stop dreaming of one-party state, third term in Nigeria ―… Consequently, the Committee demanded the immediate submission of the budget proposal failure which vowed to award Zero allocation to the Commission. It was gathered that the budget proposal in question had been with the Ministry for several months for and no action was taken until to Committee raised the alarm “As we speak, I can confidently confirm to you that we have submitted the budget proposal to the two chambers of the National Assembly immediately  as directed by the Honourable Minister and we will be going for its defence  before the National Assembly any time from now “As to the actual amount in figures involved, that I won’t be able to tell you now because of certain variables, just let us wait till we get to the National Assembly, I don’t want to give you wrong figures”, the Ministry official told the Nigerian Tribune in confidence on Sunday. Efforts to speak with the Chairman of the House  Committee on NDDC, Hon Tunji-Ojo on the matter provided abortively. However, a member of the Committee who did not want his name in print confirmed that the document is now the possession of the Committee. According to him, ” it is true, we are now in possession of the Commission’s 2019 budget proposal as requested by the Committee and also expecting that of 2020 to follow, we are lawmakers and not law breaks, it is not going to be business as usual under this 9th National Assembly. “Now that the budget proposal is in our custody, we are going to commence the normal legislative works on it immediately.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!