The newly appointed chairman of the Bayelsa State-owned Vigilante Service, Hon. Ari Fekorigha has attributed the increasing crime rate in the State to the high level of drug abuse, saying that drug dealers and consumers are in for a fight under his watch. Speaking to newsmen in Yenagoa after his appointment, Fekorigha assured members of the public that crime and other social vices that are bad to the society would be brought under control through a strategic plan aimed at cutting all network of drug distribution across the State. Describing security as everyone’s business, he charged men of the Vigilante saddled with the responsibility of ensuring that they assist other sister security agencies in the state to bring crime to its barest minimum to remain committed and dedicated to the war against drug abuse. He said “from this day henceforth, we should see our selves as men saddled with the responsibility of ensuring that our state continues to be safe and secured. Appeal court upholds Olajide, Folarin, Oluokun’s election Sultan, Tambuwal advocate homegrown solution to end… Nigeria dares ECOWAS protocol, shuts down borders nationwide Rice Smuggling: Court orders interim freezing of 45 bank… ALSO READ: Medicine is not only about injections, but also love, care ― Oyo NMA “The government has done very well in ensuring that modalities are being put in place to ensure we have a safe and secured Bayelsa, which our outfit is one of such modalities. “I have come in today with a mandate and charge to put in my very best and experiences in fighting for a crime-free Bayelsa, which you all are selected to be my foot-soldiers. We have been doing it before, I want us all to reactivate our very own best once again, to ensure that, those hot spots are being given maximum attention. “Our Governor, Hon. Henry Seriake Dickson has assured us of more support to ensure that we are being encouraged to do our best to reduce crime in Bayelsa State.” He also used the medium to call on all parents and guardians to watch their children’s daily activities and monitor the kind of friends they keep or associate with, saying these days, friends lead friends into cultism and drug addiction. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!