Gombe state Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has expressed his resolve to partner with relevant agencies to tackle electricity challenges militating against the growth and development of the state in order to take it out of the darkness. The Governor who was speaking when he received the report of the taskforce on power supply in Gombe state said that the idea of constituting the taskforce as well as other committees was for his administration to get technical inputs as well as build bridges between practical operations and realities through the recommendations to assist government in its developmental plans. Inuwa Yahaya who noted the importance of electricity to the socio-economic development of any society said that his administration will leave no stone unturned to ensure that the state enjoys improved power supply and other basic amenities. He said that his recent meeting with the Managing Director of Transmission Company of Nigeria, (TCN) had put him in a pole position to understand the power situation in the North-East, describing the region as the most under-served in terms of electricity supply. ALSO READ: Police arraign former NITDA DG over alleged N50m contract scam The Governor, however, expressed optimism that with the assurances of TCN to complete the ongoing Billiri substation and other expansion projects within the state and the geo-political zone at large,  the electricity supply in the state would soon improve. Niger water board generates N12m monthly ― Official 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools Igbo not ready for 2023 presidency ― Wabara Amidst protests, Nigerians mark independence anniversary in… He then assured that his administration will continue to partner with all relevant stakeholders in the power sector to ensure that power was not only generated but adequately transmitted and distributed for the benefit of all and sundry. While appreciating the committee for a thorough and comprehensive job, Inuwa Yahaya promised to study and implement the short, medium and long term recommendations proffered by the task force, adding that as a Governor, he will not fold his arms and see his people wallow in darkness. Earlier while presenting the report,  the task force chairman, Engr. Bello Abdullahi Gwarzo recommended the establishment of a State Electricity Agency which he said will serve as a coordinating body for power-related matters in the state. He said that the committee held a wide range of consultations with critical stakeholders before coming up with the short, medium and long term recommendations that they believe when implemented will help in boosting power supply and engendering efficiency and effectiveness in the service delivery. The taskforce according to Eng. Bello Gwarzo, is of the view that government must review the load availability system, billing process as well as metering of all Government MDAs to ensure effective utilisation of power in the state. It would be recalled that Governor Inuwa Yahaya had recently constituted and inaugurated a 9-man task force on power supply to among others, ascertain the current level and capacity of power transmission, determine the adequacy or otherwise of electric feeder pillars in the state, assess the performance of all transformers as well as determine the root causes of inadequate electricity supply  and suggest solutions as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity to the Governor. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!