One thing many people want to avoid is mistakes. Most of us want to avoid failing or dabbling into error because mistakes, errors and failure come with a heavy price. Mistakes can be costly. Mistakes are painful. Mistakes bring regret and guilt. Nobody likes to face embarrassment or be embarrassed and mistakes seem to be an open door to embarrassment so why make mistakes. “Everyone hates to fail. We assume, rationally or not, that we’ll suffer embarrassment and a loss of esteem and stature. And nowhere is the fear of failure more intense and debilitating than in the competitive world of business, where a mistake can mean losing a bonus, a promotion, or even a job.” Richard Farson and Ralph Keyes Much as we might want to avoid mistakes we will at one point or the other make mistakes. Making mistakes is inevitable and unavoidable in life. Mistakes are common to man. “No human ever became interesting by not failing. The more you fail and recover and improve, the better you are as a person. Ever met someone who’s always had everything work out for them with zero struggle? They usually have the depth of a puddle. Or they don’t exist.” Chris Hardwick As long as we are in the flesh we are bound to make mistakes. “We are human. We are not perfect. We are alive. We try things. We make mistakes. We stumble. We rise again. We try again. We keep learning. We keep growing. And we are thankful for this priceless opportunity called life.” Unknown The person who will not make any mistake will not achieve anything. Luck or right positioning (1) Would a movie on your life sell? The power of vision (II) The power of purpose “Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.” Albert Einstein “Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.” – Winston Churchill Many times, the bigger the project, the bigger the mistakes that are likely to be made. We live in a world where mistakes, errors and inadequacies are prone but we are not our mistakes. “We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.” – Steve Maraboli We must, therefore, not be afraid to make mistakes but learn to make the most of them. Mistakes, errors and failure are part of life and they need not incapacitate us. “Mistakes are inevitable. The comeback is more important than the setback.” Unknown  TO BE CONTINUED FOR ENQUIRIES/COMMENTS PLEASE SEND EMAIL TO charismokola@yahoo.com How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!