Apparently determined to better the lots of its members, the Maritime Workers Union of Nigeria (MWUN) has put in place measures to introduce trust fund scheme to support the welfare of  dockworkers. Comrade Adewale Adeyanju, who disclosed this recently during a fund-raising meeting for one of the branch’s late founding fathers, said the union had commenced the process for members as a way to support their welfare. Aisha Buhari apologises to Nigerians over viral video NPA disowns NPACP, says group not recognised by law NIMASA DG advocates implementation of uniform ballast water… Seaports: Govt officials collect ‘gifts’ during vessel… Maritime insecurity: Cost of armed guards crippling shipping… The president-general, told members of the branch executives comprising of district and unit heads, that the trust fund will be of great benefits to the dockworkers, even as he informed that the seafarers arm of the union already had that in place. According to him, “If we have a trust fund for the dock workers all over Nigerian seaport, by now we would have been ahead, but today I want to lay a foundation for the dockworker trust fund and its going to be managed by the dockworkers executives and the national executive council . “If anybody has a challenge, which we don’t pray for, such person can come and take out of the trust fund. I have discussed this matter with the dock workers president and I believe this is the time for us to have it. We are going to involve a very good bank that will manage the fund for us.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....