The Ogun State government, on Saturday, dismissed claims that the Federal Government had rejected the offer made by it and the Lagos State government to repair the three federal roads linking the two states. Mr Kunle Somorin, the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Dapo Abiodun, refuted the media reports in a statement issued in Abeokuta. “The truth is that the news making the rounds about the alleged refusal by the Federal Government to give consent over the three federal roads which Ogun and Lagos states have indicated willingness to take over to ease the plight of commuters is fake. “For clarity, both states plan to rehabilitate the inter-city roads between them and use the public-private partnership (PPP) approach to achieve that. “Rather than reporting the response of the Federal Government’s offer to partner with both states to fix the roads, some unpatriotic media have started reporting that the proposal was rejected. UNILORIN win 3rd JAMB tertiary institutions football tourney Gowon harps on industrialisation to drive export Buhari charges new Odole Oodua, Kessington Adebutu on… Orphans, less-privileged children’s education in… ALSO READ: Buhari charges new Odole Oodua, Kessington Adebutu on promotion of Yoruba cultural heritage “Far from the rejection story, the Federal Government is inspired by the offer to repair the roads and to partner with the states will be negotiated in a matter of weeks. “All the three roads, including the Ikorodu-Sagamu, Epe-Ijebu-Ode and Lagos-Abeokuta, are being negotiated for repairs by Ogun, Lagos with the Federal Government to satisfy the yearnings of the citizenry. “There’s no iota of truth in the news published on an online portal,” he said. Somorin explained that Abiodun and his Lagos State counterpart would soon attend a meeting in Abuja to finalise modalities on the partnership. He, therefore, urged the general public to disregard the ‘fake’ news and be expectant of the promised relief very soon. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....