Economist and presidential candidate for the Abundant Nigeria Renewal Party (ANRP) in the last general elections, Mr Tope Fasua described the budget proposal as paltry. “N10.7trillion budget is still a far cry from where we should be but it could have been smaller had we not been shouting and giving analysis to show what is happening elsewhere in Africa. “Still I am looking forward to the day that the onky driver of the budget will not be crude oil.” Expert bemoan poor budgetary funding for Defence,… FG’s cash transfer: 33,348 households benefit in Kogi CP advocates death penalty for corrupt practices in Nigeria Kogi guber: NGOs to deploy 200 Disabilities as election… ALSO READ: Olota of Otta, others, task federal government on tourism development He said that he was looking forward to the day when the economy will be properly diversified. “We are looking forward to the day that Nigeria will lock down frivolous ego-driven expenses in government and where our substantial budgets will be geared toward making our peoples lives much better than it is presently. “I have mentioned in the past that we can run budgets that target maintenance of our existing infrastructure and completion of abandoned projects. “I heard the President say no new bogus projects and I hope the government keeps to its words. It is time to get very serious. There are serious dangers around the bend”, he stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!