In a move that signals the biggest partnership in Nigerian music, Nigerian Breweries (through Star Lager beer) and Access Bank have announced ‘Access The Stars’, a groundbreaking collaborative music platform to discover, groom and amplify the next generation of Nigerian talents. ‘Access The Stars’ is a new platform created for exceptional and aspirational Nigerians in the music industry to be discovered, refined, and empowered to reach higher heights by accessing their star potential. Successful artists will get to tour with the best of Nigerian artists on ‘The Trek’ across the country, giving the grassroots access to the stars to learn one-on-one. This move explores the intersection between business and shared love for the rich entertainment culture of Nigeria. Over the years, Access Bank and Nigerian Breweries have built consumer-focused music assets like Star Mega Jam, Star Music – The Trek, Star Quest, and BAFest. With Access The Stars, Nigerian Breweries and Access Bank are together, consolidating the trajectory of “Discovering, Refining and Showcasing” the best of Nigeria’s musical talents. Commenting on the new initiative, Herbert Wigwe, Access Bank MD/CEO stated that ‘Access The Stars’ is borne out of the desire of both brands to continue to connect with people through the one platform they both have in common which is music. “Both our brands share a long history of creating excellent musical experiences for not just our customers, but the wider Nigerian audience, and this is us expanding on that,” he said. ALSO READ: Access Bank targets creation of 10,000 jobs through CBN CIFI ‘Herbert Macaulay Affair’ for screening at Joburg Film… DjKaywise, Tclassic team up in yes or no music video NFC hails Genevieve’s Lionheart movie in Nigeria’s… 2020 Oscars Award: Nigerian movie ‘Lionheart’… Discovered talents will tour on ‘The Trek’, alongside a roster of stars that include; Tiwa Savage, Burna Boy, Flavour, Phyno, Olamide, Kcee, among others. Hosting ‘Access The Stars’ will be music superstar, Dare Art Alade, with television host and radio personality, Olive Emodi as co-host. Choreographer and CEO Imagneto Dance Company, Kaffy, Nigerian music producer, Tee-Y Mix, and Nigerian music star, Seyi Shay will judge the talents to be found across Nigeria. Speaking on the new partnership, Managing Director of Nigerian Breweries Plc., Jordi Burrut Bel said, “Access Bank and Nigerian Breweries have the shared interest of serving Nigerian customers, and through this partnership, we are harnessing our collective strengths to shape an exciting future. Via this collaboration, we will give hidden gems access to shine by discovering, polishing and showcasing them to Nigerians, Africans, and the world.” Access Bank today is the largest bank in Nigeria and Africa’s leading bank by the customer base. It is a full-service commercial bank operating through a network of more than 600 branches and 29 million customers. Nigerian Breweries Plc is the pioneer and largest brewing company in Nigeria. It serves the Nigerian market spanning 800,000 retail outlets with a consumer base of over 45 million Nigerians. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!