The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Tuesday stated that there was no way the All Progressives Congress (APC) could escape justice at the Supreme Court, given its weight of evidence proving that PDP Presidential Candidate, Atiku Abubakar, won the February Presidential election. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan, the Party cautioned the APC and supporters of President Muhammadu Buhari “to desist from their blackmails and irresponsible allegations against the PDP and Atiku Abubakar, as such can never sway the Supreme Court to alter the course in the matter”. It stated that the APC, being discomfited by the weight of evidence against it and President Buhari, had resorted to cooked-up stories, inventions and threats, in a bid to smokescreen its machinations against the Supreme Court; all characteristic of individuals desperate to distract the court. ALSO READ: We won’t take imported rice ― Oshiomhole Anambra South: Uba’s dynasty shattered, says Amachree,… Gov Bello in Kabba, assures Kogites of more development… Arik airline capable of national carrier status ― AMCON MD 2023: I’m vindicated on South-West Presidency, says… According to the statement: “The PDP has built a solid case at the Supreme Court. It stands with Nigerians across the country in believing that justice will prevail. On the other hand, the APC, seeing that it has no hope, has been devising all manner of shenanigans to overheat the system so as to create the ground to derail the course of justice. “Nigerians are aware of how chaotic the APC has been since the PDP and Atiku Abubakar succeeded in assembling our indisputable evidence before the Supreme Court, including the clear miscarriage of justice in the judgment of the Presidential Election Petitions Tribunal (PEPT), which even the tribunal admitted was full of errors. “Nigerians are also aware of how the APC plots to frustrate and irritate the Supreme Court by filing a cross-appeal seeking to direct the apex court on what to do with the critically flawed judgment of the tribunal. “Unfortunately for the APC and the Buhari Presidency, all the flaws in the judgment of the tribunal are bare before Nigerians; they are now before the Supreme Court and the APC cannot escape justice. “The PDP therefore refuses to be drawn into a dance in the mud with the unsettled APC, which is reputed as a party of schemers, blackmailers, manipulators, scammers, coercers, powermongers, certificate forgers and desperate individuals whose desire is to cause confusion, blackmail the Supreme Court and disrupt the trajectory of justice in this case.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!