Shagaya’s birthday celebration had come and gone, interestingly, it left some people with memories and encounters that became the talk of town. For Kwara politician and the former Senate President, Dr Bukola Saraki, it was his first major outing after his failed attempt to return to the National Assembly and he sure had a good time. The former Senate President was accompanied by his wife, Toyin and immediately they stepped into the venue, Saraki became the centre of attraction. He strolled from one table to the other exchanging pleasantries with friends and political associates that exhibited their joy to see him. His movement to the table of Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and other APC stalwarts created some ripples with photographers falling on each other to capture the moment. Saraki chatted and laughed with Asiwaju Tinubu for some minutes, the encounter was one of the highlights of the party. When Ebenezer Obey donated archival works to FCE, Osiele… Kizz Daniel empowers, fights against abuse with  “Pak N Go” Syndik8 events & PR launched in Ibadan Mercy Johnson-Okojie bags new endorsement deal BREAKING: FG, Labour reach agreement on minimum wage implementation Another figure, whose attendance was also noticed was the first son of former President, General Ibrahim Babangida, Mohammed. The quiet businessman, who had not been seen at public functions came to represent his family, who are long friends of Hajia Bola Shagaya. Mohammed paid a special tribute to the celebrant, who he described as hard working as he revealed the bond his family shares with the successful businesswoman. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....