The Nasarawa State Judiciary on Monday inaugurated five appeal panels to review 132 judgments delivered by the lower courts. Justice Suleiman Dikko, the state Chief Judge, announced this at the inauguration of 2019 Second Call-Over Special Appeal Session at the State High Court 1 in Keffi Local Government Area (LGA) of the state. Dikko was represented by Justice Aisha Bashir, acting Chief Justice of the state at the event. ALSO READ{Kogi guber election: PDP cautions APC against ethnic politics According to him, the constitution of the panels is aimed at ensuring that justice is served to reinforce the hope of the common man in the judiciary. Sanwo-Olu honours police officer who saved robbery victim Customs officers hit schoolchildren with seized vehicle in… Kidnapping: Police kill gang leader terrorising Ogoni… Court sentences six physically challenged to 1 month in… He explained that Justice Simon Aboki would preside over panel 1 and would be supported by Justice Mustapha Rahmat. Justices Rose Soji and Hanatu Kabir are to take charge of panel 2, while Haruna Offor and Abdullahi Ozegya are to handle cases in panel 3. Others are Justices Daniel Adeck and Samuel Ayiwulu for panel 4, while Justices Danjuma Oyigbenu and Asmau Mainoma are to handle cases in panel 5. The Chief Judge warned judges against corrupt practice and promised to introduce a mechanism to check such tendencies by judges and other judicial staff. Earlier, Mr Ahmed Loko, Chairman, Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Keffi Branch, commended the Chief Judge for the prompt constitution of the panels. He, however, listed some challenges facing the judiciary to include poor facilities in courts, corruption among others. He called on the State Government to build more courts and renovate the old ones. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!