President of the Senate, Ahmed Lawan, has said the ninth Assembly will ensure that rights of Nigerians are protected at all cost. The President of the senate said this when he received in audience leaders of the international Ombudsman bodies in his office in Abuja. He said the senate will ensure the recent proposal for the budget for Human rights commission is supported to ensure it succeeds. “In Nigeria, last month, the Federal Government provided funds as a proposal for the 2020 budget for the national assembly to consider for the national human rights commission. “This is to give the opportunity to the capacity and the power to human rights organisations in Nigeria strong backing to attend to these challenges of ensuring that Nigerians enjoy excellent human rights situation in our country. ALSO READ: N25bn damages suit: FIRS, bank want out of court settlement BREAKING: Mobolaji Johnson, Lagos first governor, dies at 83 Gunmen kidnap Appeal court judge in Benin, kill police… Twitter bans political adverts worldwide Supreme Court verdict: Tinubu asks Atiku to join APC in… “I am sure this is one thing that National assembly will support strongly and even beyond what the executive has focused on because Human rights is a right that must never tamper with.” Hon Chief Chude Ugbah, who led his international colleagues to the office of the President of the Senate, said the visit was occasioned by an EXPO organised for ombudsman all over the world to come and exhibit what they do and how they do at work. He said it was the first-ever in the history of the Ombudsman since the 19th century that an event like that was holding. “What has been the norm is for talk shop, workshop and seminar.” However, he said sometimes early this year it was thought that they move further to educate and enlighten the general public on the operations of the Ombudsman. “It is important they should move a step further by exhibiting so that people can actually interact with them as they operate and ask question where there is need. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!