Twenty-seven-year-old Amosu Ali, who pleaded guilty to stealing a motorcycle, was on Tuesday remanded at the Kirikiri Correctional facility by an Ikeja Magistrates’ Court. The Magistrate, Mrs O.O. Fagbohun ordered that the defendant would remain behind bars pending sentence at the next date of adjournment. The defendant, a resident of Agege area, Lagos, had pleaded guilty to the one-count charge of stealing. ALSO READ: Nasarawa Assembly tasks LG legislative, executive on cordial relationship Earlier, the Prosecutor, Insp. Emmanuel Ajayi had told the court that the defendant committed the offence on Sept. 23 at Abule-Egba, Lagos. He said that the defendant was found in possession of an unregistered motorcycle, suspected to have been stolen. Police arraign 20-yr-old woman for allegedly stealing… Man accused of killing girlfriend tells court he fled the… Ex-convict bags 5 months  in prison for stealing 2… FCTA sets to upgrade Unity Fountain “The police on patrol arrested the defendant when he abandoned the motorcycle and took to his heels on sighting them. “With his action, the police suspected that the motorcycle must have been stolen; they pursued him and arrested him. “He confessed that he stole the motorcycle in Agege and wanted to sell it for his customer in Abule-Egba. “He was taken to the station,” the prosecutor said. The offence contravened Section 287 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015, which stipulates three years imprisonment for stealing. Fagbohun adjourned the case until Oct. 21 for sentence. NAN. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!