Sokoto State Government is set for artificial insemination of Cattles as commissioner for Animal Health and Fisheries, Professor Abdulkadir Junaid harps more attention and investment in veterinary medicine. This was made known by the state Commissioner for Animal Health and Fisheries, Professor Abdulkadir Junaid during the presentation and distribution of veterinary drugs, vaccines and laboratory equipment by Sokoto state government. He said the call becomes necessary because of the strategic role the profession played in ensuring a diseases free world. According to the Professor, “Livestock is very important to human existence and 75% of diseases in human originated from animals. “The arrangement has been finalised to commence artificial insemination for cattle with the imported breed in the state. ALSO READ: Kogi: Judicial panel submits report on Achuba’s impeachment ” Now most of our local breeds produces just about one to four litres of milk per milking, the intention is to make sure that when we crossbreed with other breeds like the one we have brought in from South Africa we will be able to produce ten to thirty litres per milking” Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole He said the number of animal brought in from South Africa is not adequate to go round to every farmer but with artificial insemination more people could have the types of breed they want for better yield. “With that you can have more animals that are more economic, create more jobs because they have to employ more people to take care of the animals. He said the Veterinary profession is making efforts to ensure animals slaughtered for food are healthy and worthy of consumption. ” We need to have that quality assurance unit to go and access from time to time what these foods contain, how they are processed to ensure they are at the best quality for consumption. He commend the state Governor for his immense contributions to the Veterinary medicine in the state. He said items worth forty eight million naira were distributed to the various veterinary clinics across the twenty three local government areas of the state. Items distributed include Operational vehicles and ambulance, drugs, vaccines, laboratory equipment among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....