The United State Agency For International Development (USAID) has pledged to sustain its support to the Sokoto State government in the provision and supply of safe water to the people. The general counsel of the USAID general council’s office, Washington DC, Mr Craig Wolf, stated this when he led a team of the agency for a familiarization visit to the State Water Board. He said that was why they were in the state to observe the agency’s activities in the area of water, sanitation and hygiene services (WASH) in Sokoto state. ALSO READ: Afghan jailed 26 years in prison for stabbing two persons Lagos speaker constitutes 36 standing committees PDP engages Ebonyi citizens on implementation of party… Ex-council boss urges Lagosians to be patient with Sanwo-Olu SIP: FG moves to check extortion, truancy of beneficiaries He further noted that this would afford them the opportunity to be conversant with the level of the achievements recorded and to come out with other supports for providing potable water to the people. Wolf, therefore, expressed happiness on the interactive session held with the management of the State Water Board on their activities. The USAID team were conducted round to various sections by the acting general manager of the boar, Alhaji Sama’ila Sanda Umar. Those in attendance during the visit include the deputy general manager water supply, Engineer Nasir Mu’azu, EWASH State Team Leader, Mr Isiyaku Zyok, as well as other management staff of the state water board and officials from the state EWASH office. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!