As Nigeria commemorates the International day of older persons, the Executive Secretary of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), Tony Ojukwu, on Wednesday reiterated the commitment of the commission to the promotion and protection of the rights of older persons in the country. Addressing journalists on the occasion in Abuja yesterday, Ojukwu called on governments at all levels to put up a mechanism that will enhance the wellbeing of older persons. He expressed worriedness that stakeholders focus more on the rights of women and children, while the rights of older persons are neglected, pointing out that transformation is needed for health and social services for older persons to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). While pointing out that the population of older persons in Nigeria is about 5.9 million, the NHRC boss advocated for the inclusion of older persons into the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) programme to enable universal health coverage in line with this year’s United National theme, “The journey to Age equality”. ALSO READ: P&ID: Nigeria wins 5 grounds of appeal against $9.6bn judgement ― Lai Mohammed He said, “The need to combat the threat posed by the neglect and abuse of older persons is imminent, such lack or denial of human rights, it’s public health and social consequence is profound and therefore, immediate and comprehensive intervention is very apt at this material time”. Zulum approves N26m for Borno students in Saudi Land border will remain closed ― Ali tells NASS Don, others bag awards at MGS 40th anniversary Minimum wage: We can’t guarantee industrial peace… Ojukwu said the federal government has a national policy framework on health care for older persons under the federal ministry of health and for the policy to yield the expected results, it should be properly and comprehensively implemented with the support of all stakeholders. In the spirit of inclusiveness, he said there is the need to reposition and reinforce all the necessary strategies required in the journey to age equally and ensure the realization of the rights of older persons in the country. He said the NHRC, in collaboration with MDAs and CSOs has commenced preparation to host the first African Regional Conference on the Rights of Older persons in Nigeria by next month. Also speaking at the occasion, an Assistant Director in the federal ministry of justice, Sweet Okundaye, who represented the Attorney General of the Federation warned against violation of the rights of older citizens of the country. Okundaye said there will soon be prosecution of anybody stigmatising aged parents, calling older persons witches or wizards on account of their old age. She said the federal government has the political will to ensure a better life for older persons in the country. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.