Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola‘s on Friday said his resolve to restructure ministries in the state was to make the government more effective and efficient in the pursuit of his administration’s development agenda. This was contained in a communique issued at the end of a 4-day Executive Council Retreat for Commissioner and Special Adviser designates, which held at MicCom Golf Resort, Ada, State of Osun. Similarly, the governor also charged the appointees to ensure full implementation of all ideas generated at the retreat for the benefit of the state. Oyetola, who spoke after the communique for the retreat was read out and adopted on Friday, to signal the end of the retreat maintained that the four-day programme had generated what he described as “various ideas of immense value.” He assured the nominees that he would give necessary support within the limits of the available resources to enable them to perform, as the administration was determined to deliver “an Osun that would become a benchmark for many generations to come.” He added that a performance charter would be handed to each of the nominees as a way of measuring their individual relevance in the cabinet. According to Oyetola’s, “the only way to reciprocate the trust reposed in us is to go ahead and implement the development agenda conscientiously. As you know, great ideas are only relevant to the extent to which they are translated to concrete and measurable impact on the people. Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole “It would have been a sheer waste of valuable time if all that has been produced here are not painstakingly applied in enhancing the quality of life of our beloved citizens.” “Your tasks have been carefully defined to enable you to give full expression to your competence and contribution within the larger context of the development agenda. I count on you to write your name in gold through excellent service delivery.” ALSO READ: Lagos APC welcomes Jimi Agbaje’s campaign coordinator, others into fold “As I mentioned in my address to you on Wednesday, we are a team on the threshold of history and what we do with the privileged opportunity would determine what posterity would record about us. We have an opportunity to make indelible footprints in the sands of time and we must not fall short.” “That is the pathway to living forever in the minds of the people. Let’s tread it. A greater Osun that works for all classes of our people, with adequate physical and social infrastructure to support industry, and where there is abundant economic prosperity for all is our vision. And we shall attain it,” he remarked The restructured 20 ministries are Finance; Economic Planning and Budget; Agriculture and Food Security; Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs; Education; Health; Justice; Works and Transports; Information and Civic Orientation; Environment and Sanitation; Women and Children Affairs, and Water Resources. Others are Land, Physical Planning and Urban Development; Special Duties and Regional Integration; Innovation, Science and Technology; Home Affairs, Culture and Tourism; Youths and Sports; Rural Development and Community Affairs and Commerce, Industry and Cooperatives. Earlier, Chief of Staff to the Governor, Dr Charles Akinola, said the essence of the retreat was to prepare the appointees for the task ahead in order to understand the nitty-gritty of the government’s development agenda. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....