Police in Anambra state said it has arrested Pastor Chukwudi Chukwuemezie of the Mount Zion Deliverance Ministry, Obosi, Idemili North Local Government Area of the state accused of raping a 15-year-old senior secondary one (SS1) student. The Police spokesperson in the state, SP Haruna Mohammed, who confirmed the arrest to newsmen in Awka, said, the case has been taken over by the Public complaint response unit (PCRU) Abuja for further investigation. The pastor, who operates a church in the town of Obosi was said to have allegedly lured the girl into his car, drugged her, drove her to a guest house, where he raped her repeatedly. The elder brother of the victim, Mr Chukwuemeka Idika, who disclosed this to journalists, said the incident happened on 23rd of September 2019 after the pastor saw her sister, who had followed their mother to Mount Zion Deliverance Ministry, Amannuoba, Ugama-Obosi, for prayers. On how they knew his sister was raped, Idika, who was in tears said, “my sister’s unusual calmness on the day of the incident, 23rd September prompted my mother to inquire from her what the problem was. “It was very difficult for my sister to open up on what she passed through in the hands of the Pastor, which later prompted the family to report the matter at the Obosi Police station and CID Headquarters, Awka.” Jubilation as Sokoto community gets water after two years Russia – Africa Summit: Buhari’s achievements, mission fully… Adamawa LG election rescheduled, to hold Dec 7 Kidnapped teacher, six students regain freedom in Kaduna ALSO READ: Russia – Africa Summit: Buhari’s achievements, mission fully accomplished ― Presidency He told journalists that his sister narrated that the pastor had prophesied to the her that she would be a shining star, but needed deliverance for the prophecy to manifest. He said the pastor proceeded to fix a date for her deliverance, where he told her to wait for her close to a bank in the area, from where he took her in his car, hypnotised her, and took her to a guest house where she said she regained consciousness to found herself naked, with bloodstain on her right thigh. According to him, after that, we reported the matter to the state CID in Awka, the Anambra State capital, but we are not satisfied with the way the police is handling the matter.” They stated that even after visiting the hospital for test, the Police had bluntly refused to release the result of the test to the family and wondered what interest the law enforcement agency was trying to protect by unconditionally releasing the suspect who was said to have been arrested. The victim’s family, however, called on the Anambra State Commissioner of Police, Director of State Security Service, Anambra State Commissioner for Women Affairs and Child Development, Lady Ndidi Mezue and the Inspector General of Police, Mr. Mohammed Adamu to see that justice is done on the matter. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!