Experts, groups want new NDDC board to supervise audit Reps query N127bn power budget allocation Again, fire guts Lagos Water Corporation in Onikan Convicted cyber fraudster not our student ― MAPOLY Armed bandits have abducted, the Head Teacher of Dangamji, Primary School, Birnin Gwari, Kaduna State,  AbdulHafiz Abdullahi, and two others at Doka filling station, while two others were shot at and seriously wounded. This was contained in a statement issued to the press on Thursday and signed by, the Chairman, Birnin Gwari Vanguard for Security and Good Governance, Ibrahim Abubakar Nagwari. The statement noted that “Earlier on Wednesday morning around 8:30 a.m., heavily armed bandits, opened fire on vehicles around Polwaya and abducted a bread vendor, about ten kilometres from Birnin-Gwari. Similarly, the armed bandits struck again on Wednesday near Gayam village, wounded three vigilantes and abducted people from vehicles. “The notorious Unguwar Yako, Kwanan Mahaukaciya and indeed entire Birnin-Gwari-Kaduna highway have been overtaken by bandits terrorising and abducting innocent people especially women and children. The recent onslaught was coming just when six students of Engravers College and a principal were kidnapped three weeks ago in the state. ALSO READ: We will support peace move in Zamfara ― Buratai The statement lamented that “In the last three weeks, armed bandits have launched a major onslaught against innocent civilians and motorists across the length and breadth of Birnin-Gwari Local Government Area of Kaduna State. On a daily basis, the armed bandits carry their nefarious act along Birnin-Gwari-Kaduna highway in broad daylight without any challenge from the security personnel that were  stationed in Birnin-Gwari. “The strategic Birnin-Gwari-Funtua road has been deserted, while the entire eastern part of Birnin-Gwari neighbouring Zamfara and Katsina states is now surrounded by armed bandits. “It is apparent to state categorically, that, Birnin-Gwari is once again under siege by bandits and the handful security personnel and state officials are paying leap service to our plight of general insecurity of lives and property. “We have noticed with dismay, the way and manner our people are subjected to a horrified and traumatised situation by the armed bandits that prey on human beings every day on various communities, villages and settlements in Birnin-Gwari local government area. While we appreciate previous efforts by the security personnel against armed banditry in Birnin-Gwari, we hope the government of Malam Nasiru el- Rufa’i, will not treat our people as prodigal sons. “With the current tension, fear and inability of peasant farmers to go to their respective farms because of activities of bandits, we strongly call on the Federal Government, Kaduna State government and the security agents to act decisively on the bandits and their collaborators before we are consumed by the bandits. Enough is enough. As of the time of filing this report, the police spokesman, DSP Yakubu Sabo could not confirm the incident. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....