Senator Robert Ajayi Borofice, the Deputy Majority Whip and third-term lawmaker representing Ondo North Senatorial District, in this interview by OSARETIN OSADEBAMWEN, speaks on some proactive steps being taken by the National Assembly to give fillip to the legislature.  Some Nigerians claim the romance between the Senate and the executive arm of government appears compromising. Do you share the view? Not at all. Thank God that we have this kind of relationship between the executive and the legislature. It is the best thing for this country because the executive may not be able to implement itsprogrammes if the legislature decides to be an obstacle. We all witnessed what happened in the eighth Assembly when the National Assembly and the executive were at a logger heads,. So, it is a good thing for the country that the legislature decides to work with executive and the executive reciprocates by saying we want to work with the National Assembly. It is not an issue of overdoing it. We are not over doing anything Whatever we are doing is for the interest of the nation and the masses. So, we cannot be overdoing anything when what we are doing is in the interest of the masses. Buhari, Putin to strengthen Nigeria-Russia relations Many believe that such cooperation between both arms of government could be to the detriment of the general public and not necessarily benefit the Nigerians. What do you say to this? That is presumptuous, but I have not seen area where we have compromised the interest of the people in our dealings. We will not compromise. We will go by the 1999 Constitution (as amended). We will insist on our rights as legislators but we will cooperate with the executive in the interest of the country and we know that Mr President believes in the country.I will know that Mr President respects the rule of law. We are not going to do anything that is against the constitution, so we’re definitely on the same page. We’re not going to compromise on anything that is in the interest of Nigerians.  Let us look at the period before you adjourned plenary for budget defence. What impact do you as a leader of the Senate think it has made on the lives of Nigerians? Let me first of all remind you that the ministerial list came when we were about to go on vacation. But, we realised that if we didn’t screen the ministerial nominees, we would delay so many things like the implementation of the 2019 budget. We had to stay back for another two weeks so that we could screen them and allow the executive to constitute the federal cabinet. You could see that we did that in the interest of the nation. Meanwhile, we haven’t done anything in terms of legislation because immediately after the screening of the ministerial nominees, we went on vacation. We came back and we started working on the budget. Of course, we have our legislative agenda debated and it is a robust agenda which is like a roadmap for us and when you look at the roadmap and the budget that has been presented, you can see that they are almost the same thing, and we do not need to be guided. Three weeks to Bayelsa governorship election: The fears, the… What we achieved without  strike —Ugboaja, NLC secretary Nasarawa Assembly confirms Gov Sule’s commissioner nominees Achuba’s impeachment and new challenges for Kogi APC The legislative agenda was generated by another committee set up to produce a legal agenda for the Senate. We have received so many bills, which we are going to work on. However, we want to give priority to the budget defence. Recall it is our own idea that we want to reverse the budget cycle back to January–December.The President agreed with us and has worked tirelessly to ensure that the executive meets the deadline for the presentation of thes budget. He has done his part and the ball is now in our court. That is why we are suspending plenary from Tuesday to October 29,as all the committees are charged with the responsibility of holding budgets discussions with the Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) so that by October 29, we put everything together and submit to the Senate Committee on Appropriation, which will collate the reports and the two houses will meet and have a concurrence and bring it to the Senate and the House  of Representatives to be approved and submitted to the executive. We are sure that this budget is going to be approved before December 31, 2019.  The Production Sharing Contract (PSC) has enjoyed the fastest legislative consideration, going by the words of the Minority Leader of the Senate, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe. What informed such speed on the bill and will other bills get a similar treatment? This is an arrangement that has been there for years and the problem of not benefitting from it is due to poor legislation. If the law was there in 2019, we would have realisedabout maybe more than $103 billion. Unfortunately, the law was not in place; we could not get anything from the oil company. Now, the law is being worked on and t is going to give us US$1.5 billion dollars. We are running a deficit budget. The truth is that there is no money, so we are looking for money everywhere it is available. That is why we are placing emphasis on the diversification of the economy; shifting our emphasis on mining and agriculture.Therefore, this law has to be passed quickly so that we can have additional $1.5 billion US dollars as part of the revenue funding the 2020 budget. This is in the interest of Nigeria. If we do not pass the law, that money will be lost. We saw it as a way of helping the economy, helping Nigerians.How is that an overdoing of relating with the executive? If that kind of result is not good for Nigeria, what other kind of relationship should we have?  You will agree that those who will lose money may want to break your rank and resolve as a National Assembly by reaching out to some legislators to run down the bill. How do you hope to mitigate it? It is possible and we are mindful of that and the leadership of the two houses are also mindful of that. We’re doing our best to make sure that doesn’t happen. Don’t forget that in arriving at this law, the International Oil Companies(IOCs) were all the meeting with the other stakeholders till 5am the next day.Nothing was done without their contributions. They contributed on the issue concerning some figures and eventually, they agreed.  We call it consensus. I do not see the IOCs going behind to pressurise and want to induce the members of House of Representatives. We are all on the same page; we all want the country to work; we have to relieve the masses of their pain. We all want jobs to be created; we all want the economy to be alive again. I don’t think any patriotic Nigerian will want to compromise the interest of Nigeria in this aspect.  Can you beat your chest that the politician will not advance his personal interest ahead of national interest on this matter? We all believe in it, both houses, though I agree with you that the attempt by some people to go against the tide. I do not want to mention names. We have learntfrom a bitter experience from what happened to the Petroleum Industry Bill. We will not allow it to happen again.  There are more than 170 Standing Committees in the Senate and the House. How do you think the huge number can impact on the legislative agenda? The committees are guided by the philosophy of the Ninth Assembly Legislative Agenda, which is based on national interest. The committee in the Senate and its counterpart in the House should hold the budget hearing together to save time since they are on the same page unlike before that when the Senate committee would do its own defence and the House would do its own separately and they would later come together for concurrence. When the committees of both chambers hold the budget defence hearing together, it will eliminate the differences and save time. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!