The coalition of 13 political parties has adopted Prof. Aisha Abubakar Audu of the Young Progressive Party in the November 16 gubernatorial election in Kogi State. The political parties’ representatives made this known on their arrival to Her Excellency’s office in Abuja. Alhaji Abdulkadir Adebayo while briefing the press in Abuja during the signing of the memorandum of understanding by the chairmen and representatives of NNPP, NDCP, GPN, JMPP, NRM, AGAP, HDP and six other political parties condemned the suffering inflicted on the people of the State by the present administration, adding that it does not reflect what the late Prince Abubakar Audu stood firm and fought for before his demise. “Our decision was fueled by the need for the total liberation of the people from a government that does not care about its citizens.” Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole ALSO READ: Balogun commends Makinde on neutrality over Ibadan traditional chieftaincy Prof. Aisha Abubakar Audu while reacting to this development emphasized the need for a peaceful liberation, rebuilding and developing, capacity building, and service to the people for a better Kogi State. “Kogi state is sitting on wealth yet unemployment is an issue, that is why I have decided to be the voice of the voiceless. I have been rendering services to the people through my NGO empowerment programmes which thousands of Kogites have benefited from.” She stated that political power is for making lives better and not taking what belongs to the people, adding that if elected accountability, service to the people will be key in her government. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....