Wife of the Ekiti State Governor, Mrs Bisi Fayemi at the weekend paid medical bills of seven postnatal patients at the Ekiti State University Teaching Hospital (EKSUTH) Ado-Ekiti, the state capital. TribuneOnline gathered that the patients who were two teenagers and five nursing mothers with pregnancy had been stranded at the hospital since September over failure to pay their respective medical bills. It was gathered the governor’s wife received a WhatsApp message on the patients from one of her aides and Coordinator, Ekiti Development Foundation  (EDF), Mrs Bunmi Alonge. She thereafter ordered the duo of Alonge and another aide, Dauda Lawal to the hospital to verify the claim. According to Lawal: “The cases were verified and it was discovered that seven patients, amongst who were two teenagers and five nursing mothers with ectopic pregnancy cases, had been discharged from the hospital at various times since September but were not allowed to go home due to their indebtedness to the hospital. “They are Pelumi Arowosafe, Olaleye Kemisola, Olabiyi Funmilayo, Taiwo Ayomide, Blessing Wisdom, Kolade Grace and Olasehinde Damilola. “Records available at the hospital showed that the seven patients were owing N682, 300. Poverty, enormous challenge facing our democracy ― Buhari Fuel tankers’ accidents: LASG set to bare fangs… Russia-Africa Summit: Gombe govt woos investors, mulls… 2020 Budget: Opposition Reps insist on thorough scrutiny… ALSO READ: Fuel tankers’ accidents: LASG set to bare fangs against erring owners, drivers “However, Erelu Fayemi represented by the Coordinator of Ekiti Development Foundation, Mrs Alonge in the company of myself formally saw to the release of the patients to their respective families from the hospital.” Alonge, while addressing the patients at the hospital, told them that the wife of the governor, after reading their plight in a WhatsApp message, sent to her directed that they should be released immediately while their various bills had been promptly settled by the first lady. “Within ten minutes after reading about your plight and indebtedness to this hospital around 4 am on Friday, Erelu Bisi Fayemi directed that we should come around to pay your bills so that you can go back to your various homes with your new babies and families,” she said. The Chairman, Medical Advisory Committee of EKSUTH, Dr Olusoji Solomon commended the governor’s wife over what he described, “her regular gestures on issues such as this”. “On behalf of the Chief Medical  Director and the entire team of this hospital, we want to appreciate the kind gesture of Her Excellency, Erelu Bisi Fayemi, who, as usual, decided to offset the bills of these patients, may the Almighty God continue to bless her abundantly.” The patients hailed Mrs Fayemi for her quick response to their plight, describing her as a woman of great virtues. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!