Executive Secretary, Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund), Prof. Suleiman Elias Bogoro has disclosed that the commission has budgeted about N5 billion to enhance research development in the country. Prof Bogoro disclosed this in Sokoto at the weekend during his two-day working visit to Usmanu Danfodiyo University, Sokoto, where he came to inspect some of the projects funded by the agency. Prof Bogoro explained that the fund will go a step further to improve a content component of interventions, as the Federal Government is ready to approve the same amount or put an increase in subsequent budgets. He further revealed that TETFund is gradually moving its focus from physical infrastructures to research content, adding that, more funds will be given to research, journal publication, library development and academic staff training. He said: “At TETFund, I made it clear to my Board of Trustees that our interventions should be moving gradually from physical infrastructures to content components. And in all these components like research, library development, journal publication and academic staff training, I rated research as the topmost priority.” “So, we made a case on that to the Board of Trustees, and they all agreed that we should put up to N5 billion for R and D (Research and Development). We put the amount in the budget through the Minister of Education and sent to Mr President whom graciously approved it. “As it is now, we want to see the pace we are having concept note and successful assessment from applications we have received, in order to justify it. We don’t mind that from next year, we either maintain the amount budgeted or even double it if necessary,” Prof Bogoro explained. ALSO READ: Kwara seeks FG’s special intervention over ecological problem FCT state minister pledges commitment to support girl-child SDGs goals: Reps task FG, states on poverty eradication,… Kwara seeks FG’s special intervention over ecological… Nigeria records investment announcement of $9.29 in Q3 ―… He appreciates the assiduous working relationship between his office and that of the Executive Secretary of Nigeria Universities Commission (NUC), adding that, such synergy is needed to uplift Nigerian universities’ standard at the global stage. According to him: “For too long in our country, people have believed in the political creation of the universities but I believe in quality and rating of the existing universities. We have universities that are competitive in Nigeria. We can sink money and expand their facilities to admit more students massively.” He also hinted that in collaboration with NUC, the TETFund is set to establish the TETFund Center of Excellence, with two or three centres build in each geopolitical zones. He, however, praised President Muhammadu Buhari for reinstated him back as the Executive Secretary, after what he described as an “appropriate investigation” to the circumstance that led to his removal. He described his removal as ‘wrongful’ disengagement as well as his reinstatement as laudable and “unprecedented” in the history of Federal service. He commended the management of the Usmanu Danfodiyo University, Sokoto, for putting in their best in uplifting its academic standard, and hailed the appointment of the Vice-Chancellor, Lawal Sulaiman Bilbis. The Executive Secretary also promised to put the university’s needs among top priorities of the TETFund in next year budget. Earlier, Vice-Chancellor of the University, Prof. Lawal Sulaiman Bilbis in his remark described the TETFund boss as a man with indented integrity. He recounts that TETFund under Prof Bogoro’s leadership is recording a lot of successes due to his uprightness and transparency. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!