Policing is a vital part of any society. Even during the medieval periods which Thomas Hobbes described ‘’as life outside society, individual policing and territorial watch have been part of our humanity from time immemorial. Effective policing is panacea and a major lifeline for good governance in any type of government, whether democracy, oligarchy, monarchy, etc as the success or otherwise of a government is anchored and permitted by the level of social order created by the system of the society’s policing efficacy because without peace, social order and sanity, no sustainable development can materialise. One other very important area the police need to pay attention is crime creation by bad eggs in the police and Fatai Owoseni placed the fault of this partly on the recommendations from community leaders during recruitment exercises of the police as he claimed some of the recommendations were not always reflective of the true picture of the character of applicants. A crime can be created when a sustained intimidation of an innocent citizen is orchestrated in connivance with policemen. Deliberate destruction of peace instead of arbitration in community issues through intimidation, unlawful detention and incitements has caused societies endless unresolved enmities that the society perpetually contends with. Former AD national chairman, Senator Akinfenwa, dies at 89 Alternative dispute resolution for herdsmen/ farmers conflicts, adherence to guidelines for vigilantes by proper registering with divisional police officers, community intelligence gathering of suspicious movements and also government interventions is a viable option. NIGERIA @ 59: Celebration of a ‘cake-less’ birthday Why I always remember HID Awolowo Nigeria @ 59: Ambiguities, contradictions and expectations Sowore, revolution and vestige of dictatorship Police authorities should begin advocacy against crime with new initiatives like creating ambassadorial portfolios for people who have, through their professions, made effective efforts at curbing particular crimes. This can create a chain reaction for people to want to do something against crime while simultaneously the society becomes safer. People that influence actions and inactions of people either positively or otherwise in the society are religious leaders, royal fathers, artist, social critics, rich/wealthy people, spiritual leaders, heads of families, community leaders, political leaders, security agents, youth leaders, and social, economic, academic, professional and cultural institutions and organisations. These groups individually or collectively command influence knowingly or unknowingly, consciously or unconsciously, based on their followership or fans strength. These groups have a greater role in effective community policing than even the police because they are the main custodians of the people and they easily influence actions and inactions of their subjects or admirers by their actions, inactions and utterances. Institutions like royal fathers, religious clerics, ivory towers, schools, recreation centres, business organisations, artistes and political parties, as of responsibility, conscience and for posterity, must devote time, resources and character in the management of the psyche of their subjects for a more decent and value-oriented society. And lastly, as the police authorities ensure that we sleep with our two eyes closed, eternal vigilance on the part of the police and our communities remain the prize of our collective and individual liberties.  Akinola  Iwilade, iwiakinola@gmail.com How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.