It is heart-warming to note that the Nigerian Tribune will be 70 years old on November 16, 2019. The debut was  November 16, 1949 to counter media imperialism. With special thanks to God and the founding father, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, an avatar, astute politician, profound philosopher and Premier of the defunct Western Region of Nigeria, the newspaper has been productive and its achievements are robust. This is my pre-anniversary celebration appraisal. The African Newspaper of Nigeria Plc, Publisher of the Tribune titles is a pace-setter. The quality of its print is superb. The staffers are articulate and creative; they are, indeed, prodigious. We won’t take imported rice ― Oshiomhole Columns in the newspaper were so pungent and fearless and they stand out as the only beacon of salvation for objectivity, impartiality, balance, comprehensiveness of the news and logical reasoning. They still are. There are lots of activities that make the paper popular within the society and it has established a relationship with its environment and forged closer link with its readers. When will Nigeria’s security challenges end? Monogamy and men Federal revenue sharing formula Erection of bumps on Apete/Poly road The working environment at the headquarters is calm, serene and conducive while the dressing code adds value to work habits. The Nigerian Tribune is a voice for the voiceless, a restorer of hope for the common man. Its editorials are edifying and elucidating. It has contributed immensely to political education. It is one of the best newspapers in problem-solving, in all facets of life in modern black Africa. It fought a good fight for the restoration of virile democratic polity. Its contents are reference materials in political apotheosis. As the world awaits the programme of activities for the celebration, it is hoped that the Nigerian Tribune will continue to progress to greater and enviable heights.  Dalimore Aluko, Ekiti State. For  BREAKING NEWS, follow Nigerian Tribune on Twitter SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!