Ebonyi state governor David Umahi has appointed his former Chief Press Secretary Emmanuel Uzor as his Special Assistant on Fruits/ food Market management. Governor Umahi gave his former CPS the appointment and portfolio on Monday during his swearing-in alongside other special Assistant at the executive council chambers government house Abakaliki. “While I needed you to continue with the team because I consider what happened as a mistake. South-East governor’s support livestock but is not compulsory for every state. “I want the vegetables that we cannot sell, a place where we can store our vegetables and fruits. We will also build a cool room for our fish and by so doing you get something to be doing there”. ALSO READ: Maritime Security: Navy acquires inshore patrol crafts, arrest 206 vessels ― Ibas Education: The Abiodun intervention in Ogun #SexForGrades scandal: Atiku says ‘It’s an… Fullrange microfinance bank offers loan to transporters SDP constitutes caretaker committee for party in Osun Also inaugurated is Mr Emeka Andrew Nwankwo as Special Assistant to the Governor on ICT. Umahi, however, urged the new SA on ICT to meet MTN to see how they can mount mask at the new government lodge to take care of the LED as he looks forward to seeing ICT take over LED in the state. He also urged the accountant to look into the ICT and provide ways to generate money for the state. Umahi also made a minor reshuffle meant that affects includes Mr Emmanuel Igwe who was formerly Special Assistant to the Governor on Project Documentation is now reassigned as Special Assistant to the Governor on Parks Development. Also, Mr Francis Nwaze who was the Special Assistant to the Governor on New Media is to become the Special Assistant to the Governor on New Media and Project Documentation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!