A Higher National Diploma (HND) Mechanical Engineering student of the Mashood Abiola Polytechnic (MAPOLY), Ojere, Ogun State, Olalekan Oladapo Ogunremi, was on Wednesday, found guilty of criminal impersonation and sentenced to six months in prison. The 21-year-old, according to a statement released by the Spokesperson of EFCC, Mr Wilson Uwujaren, “actually found favour before Justice Patricia Ajoku of the Federal High Court, Ibadan Division, who commuted the one-year punishment proposed for his offense to six months.” Justice Ajoku, according to Uwujaren succumb to his lawyer’s passionate plea who informed the court that his client had missed two examination sessions owing to the criminal charge filed against him by the Ibadan zonal office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). ALSO READ: BREAKING: Sex-for-marks: Ex-OAU lecturer sentenced to 2 years in prisonment Ogunremi had pleaded guilty to the one-count amended charge with which he was arraigned on Wednesday consequent upon a plea bargain arrangement between him and the Commission. The offence contravenes Section 22(2)(b) of the Cybercrime (Prohibition, Prevention etc) Act, 2015, and punishable under Section 22 (2)(iv) of the same Act. For pleading ‘guilty’, the prosecution counsel Babatunde Sonoiki prayed “the court to sentence Ogunremi according to the terms contained in the plea bargain agreement he and the defence lawyer, Tunde Lawal, jointly signed.” Though the judge reduced the jail term, she upheld other proposed punishments contained in the agreement, including forfeiture of items recovered during his arrest and investigation, and restitution of sums in foreign currency to his victims. Poor funding of Auditor-General’s office instigates… Reps fault non-assent to electoral act amendment N2.28trillion deficit: BPE advocates privatisation of FG… Mother, child burnt to death, as petrol tanker explodes in… In a related development, the Commission’s Ibadan office also arraigned two other suspects before Justice Ajoku. The suspects – Samuel Tanimowo Owolabi (aka Dr. Keilah Forgey, Jame Romero, Romero Williams) and Ekene Kingsley Odinamba – were separately arraigned on charges bordering on obtaining money under false pretense and possession of fraudulent documents with the intent to defraud. Their offences were contrary to Section 6 of the Advance Fee Fraud and Other Fraud Related Offences Act, 2006 and punishable under Section 1 (3) of the same Act. Owolabi, according to the thirty-count charge preferred against him, swindled his victims of over $21, 000. Odinamba’s four-count charge alleged him of defrauding his victims to the tune of about $2,700. The accused pleaded not guilty to the charges when read to them. Due to their not-guilty plea, prosecution counsel Sanusi Galadanchi prayed the court for a trial date and an order to remand them in prison custody. The court then fixed November 21 and 22 for the hearing of the first and second defendants’ bail applications, as she ordered that they are remanded in prison custody pending the dates The cases were also adjourned to December 10, 2019, for trial. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!