Students of the Federal University Oye-Ekiti have called on President Muhammadu Buhari and the Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi to ensure justice for their colleagues who were killed during last month’s protest. Tribune Online recalls that two students of the university; Friday Okonofua and Kehinde Dada lost their lives during a protest by the students in September. They were allegedly killed security operatives. The Students Union President, Oluwaseun Awodola in a statement on Tuesday and made available to Tribune Online frowned at the level of injustice in the country, said, the celebration of Nigeria’s 59th Independence anniversary should be for true freedom. The students’ leader added that Nigeria at 59 should be about celebrating freedom, healthy livelihood, good security system, basic amenities for all levels of education as against what is happening in the country. He said, “many hope we will celebrate it as an independent day; the day we gain our freedom. It should be the day we celebrate our nation’s comfortable means of livelihood and secured sense of security, but what do we have here? ALSO READ: NigeriaAt59: Gowon, Diya, Sambo attend military parade in Aso Rock #NigeriaAt59: Nigerians must be optimistic for greater… #NigeriaAt59: Don’t be despaired, Lawan tells… Wamakko calls for support with Buhari in moving to next… #NigeriaAt59: Amnesty Nigeria makes eight-point call on FG “Categorically, you will agree that what we practise cannot be called independence as injustice in different forms continue to flow like an ocean across our nation. Where is the beauty of democracy if this tyranny persists? “Where is our sense of security and assurance of safety if extrajudicial killings of our innocent brothers and sisters continue to go unpunished? “FUOYEites will never forget the evil perpetrated against us but we still appeal, because of our civility, to our government, both at the state and federal levels to apply the independence of justice as we celebrate October 1st in availing the deaths of our comrades. “We also use this medium to appeal to all mother unions and all security agencies of the nation, in solidarity to bring justice in FUOYE. “To provide basic amenities for the Nigerian students both at the tertiary, secondary and primary levels which are rights of independence. “To give Nigerian students a sense of belonging to the country, stop making us feel like slaves. We seek peace. We want Justice.” How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.