Not fewer than 571 pharmaceutical and Patent medicine shops have been sealed up by the Pharmaceutical Council of Nigeria (PCN) in Bauchi State as part of efforts to promote safe and quality medicine distributed in registered and licensed premises across the country. This was disclosed by the Director, Inspection and Monitoring of the Pharmacist Council of Nigeria, Mrs Anthonia O. Aruya who addressed a press conference as part of the Council’s activities across the country. She said that the Council visit to Bauchi State is in continuation of its activities, aimed at sanitizing the drug distribution system for better pharmaceutical services delivery to the people of the state and the nation at large. Anthonia Aruya further said that the PCN has been carrying out enforcement activities across the states in fulfilling of its mandate as stated in PCN Act Cap P17, LFN 2005 and in line with the National Drug Distribution Guideline of the Federal Government, adding that registered premises are inspected in line with principles of good pharmacy practice and are made to meet up with minimum acceptable standards before they are licensed to practice. They are after my life ― GDPN Kogi guber candidate Gov Abiodun constitutes 51- man governor’s elders… Nationwide strike: FG hurriedly shifts meeting with labour… Society disadvantaged without girl child education ― Oyo SSG ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/outdoor-advertising-lewd-mobile-video-stirs-fresh-controversies/ Anthonia Aruya also said that in the course of the exercise, a good number of stakeholders were found to have started operating without following laid down guidelines for those intending to engage in handling of pharmaceutical or sale of medicine to the public. “At the end of the exercise, a total of 682 premises were visited comprising of 19 pharmacies and 663 patent medicine shops. 571 premises were sealed comprising of 6 pharmacies and 565 patent medicine shops,13 premises were issued compliance directives for various offences ranging from poor handling of a controlled substance, sale and dispensing of ethical/prescription drugs without the supervision of a pharmacist, unhygienic environment, poor documentation amongst others” She said. The Director urged the public to always ask for the registration status of facilities where they can access their medicines by requesting for the current licenses issued by the Pharmacist Council of Nigeria from any Pharmaceutical outlet to safeguard themselves from patronising quacks. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!