A total of 185 suspects have been arrested by Bauchi Police Command between August and September 2019 for various crimes including armed robbery, kidnapping, cattle rustling, mobile telephone thieves, Indian Hemp farming and other criminal offences. This disclosure was made by the Police Commissioner, Habu Sani Ahmadu while briefing Journalists in his office on Monday saying that the suspects were arrested at various locations across the state adding that the efforts were in line with the commitment of the Command to rid the state of criminal activities. He added that the operations that led to the arrest of the suspects within the two months were done by the Special Respond Squad in collaboration with the Operation Puff Ader of the Nigerian Police Force. The Commissioner of Police further disclosed that the suspects arrested include two who are responsible for many robbery cases including the recent attempted armed robbery at Shafa filling station along Bauchi- Jos road as well as those changing IMEI numbers of stolen/robbed cell phones and other heinous crimes in Bauchi state. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/bauchi-gets-44-63m-from-afdb-for-development/ #NigeriaAt59: Nigerians must be optimistic for greater… #NigeriaAt59: Don’t be despaired, Lawan tells… Wamakko calls for support with Buhari in moving to next… #NigeriaAt59: Amnesty Nigeria makes eight-point call on FG He added that out of the 185 suspects arrested, 138 were charged to court while 47 are still in the Command’s custody undergoing investigation. While saying that the briefing was to update the media on the feat so far achieved in the ongoing fight against crime and criminality under the special operation code name “Operation Puff Adder” declared that the Command is making headway in the fight against crime and criminality in the state. According to the Police Commissioner,  during the operations, the Command recovered exhibits which include: Four AK-47 rifles, one pistol, One locally made submachine gun and seventeen other assorted firearms as well as 65 live ammunition, Five cartridges, 6 pellets and 42 machetes. Other exhibits include 4 motor vehicles, Eight motorcycles, One (1) tricycle (KEKE NAPEP), Forty five thousand 45,000 liters of petroleum products, 9000 meters of aluminum conductor valued about N3,500,000:00, 26 International Passports, Application forms into Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Bunch of assorted charms, 152 pieces of 100 note counterfeits US Dollars and 43 pieces of 1000 & 500 note counterfeits Nigerian Naira. He also said that 2 computer laptops, 38 GSM handsets, Large quantity of harvested weeds suspected to be cannabis / Indian hemp and 208 cows and 21 sheep were recovered. “Finally, the Command while appreciating the members of the public for their support and cooperation in the on-going fight against crime and criminality in the State, it wishes to assure the general public that, it will not relent in performing its statutory responsibility of protection of lives and property of all citizen, as it appeals for more useful information that will lead to achieving its onerous task in the maintenance of peace in Bauchi state”, the Police Commissioner concluded. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.