Rector of the Maritime Academy of Nigeria (MAN), Commodore Duja Effedua (rtd) has revealed that the academy is tinkering on offering scholarships and free school fees to would-be-female cadets in the academy in order to get more women to embrace a career in the maritime profession. Effedua stated this while speaking as a panelist at the recently concluded 2019 World Maritime Day celebration in Lagos. With the 2019 World Maritime Day focusing on empowering women in the maritime community, Effedua said considering such incentives as scholarships in school fees and other waivers could encourage more girls to the Academy. “We might be considering giving scholarships to female cadets. But that will be in line with approvals from the governing council. “I am going to make that proposal in our next meeting next month, and also see how we can convince the Minister for State for Transportation to support us for real advantage in terms of fees and waivers to encourage more girls to come to the Academy,”  Effedua said. APM Terminals, LAWMA clear refuse at Apapa port access road Overtime cargoes flood WACT, threatens port operations Maritime academy seeks NASS intervention over poor workers… Confusion rocks Eastern ports over NPA’s decommissioning of… The Rector also disclosed that in 2018, 27 female cadets were admitted.  He highlighted the fact that their admission was however merited as they performed brilliantly in their qualifying examinations. On other ways that the Academy had encouraged women, Effedua added that, “Some months ago, I gathered 600 young girls for interactions with some experts who came to give motivational talks, to encourage them to stay focused and not be carried away by distraction.” “There are also plans to have maritime experts interact with high school girls and steer their thinking toward the industry more, just as other plans would be to encourage the girls with documentary on women at sea.” Speaking on the challenges of having female cadets onboard vessels for seatime, Effedua said the problem had been with the non-configuration of the ships to accommodate some peculiar needs of women. He assured that the academy is in talks with some ship-owners in Nigeria, adding that the required changes would be effected. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.