The Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) in Ekiti State has called on Governor Kayode Fayemi to focus more on the state rather than embarking on journeys outside the state because of his alleged 2023 presidential ambition. But the All Progressives Congress described the PDP’s allegations as baseless, calling on the people of the state to ignore the opposition. The chairman of the party, Gboyega Oguntuwase, while speaking with newsmen in Ado-Ekiti on Tuesday noted that the state was suffering from governance and development as a result of the governor’s continuous absence from the state. Oguntuwase, who expressed displeasure over no activities to celebrate the state’s 23rd creation anniversary and the 59th Independence of Nigeria advised Governor Fayemi not allow his ambition to affect his responsibilities in giving dividends of democracy to the people. The party chairman said, “It is as if governance is under suspension in Ekiti State because the governor is hardly visible within the state. The governor is never around. “The consequences of flooding in Ekiti State have not attracted attention of the incumbent governor. A governor who understands his land and terrain and a governor who is committed to the transformation of Ekiti State will know that the issue of drainage system which could reduce flooding needs fast attention. ALSO READ:  Makinde restates commitment not to interfere in Ibadan chieftaincy affairs #NigeriaAt59: Nigerians must be optimistic for greater… #NigeriaAt59: Don’t be despaired, Lawan tells… Wamakko calls for support with Buhari in moving to next… #NigeriaAt59: Amnesty Nigeria makes eight-point call on FG “For Ekiti at 23, seemingly, we have witnessed a cohesion which is as a result of our homogeneity and which is a product of the contributions of Ekiti people. Nevertheless, there has been disappointment and disillusionment in terms of governance. “But the All Progressives Congress, up till today, has not shown any consistent commitment to infrastructural development. We can see APC does not understand the vision and the mission of the founding fathers of Ekiti State. “His(Fayemi) interest in the Presidency or Vice Presidency does not mean he should abandon his primary responsibilities in Ekiti State. He should see to how governance should not suffer, how our people would not suffer and how what he has sworn to do in government would not suffer and abandoned. We equally appeal to him that he should take into consideration the security of our people.” But the APC State Publicity Secretary, Ade Ajayi, who said the PDP allegations were “baseless, irresponsible and frivolous,” advised Ekiti people to ignore the opposition party, saying, “PDP should bury its head in shame for destroying Ekiti. “Everybody who has eyes will see what Fayemi has been able to do within one year in office. But if PDP is saying nothing has been done, it means PDP members are blind. “Is the governor not responding to the yearning and aspirations of Ekiti State by paying workers’ salaries regularly and by paying the pensioners regularly? “Is he not performing his reponsibilities by undertaking the repair of water projects abandoned by PDP while they were in office? Water project is going on, the civic centre abandoned by PDP is almost completed and lot of other projects like that,” he said. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.