I T is no longer news that sex in marriage is a thing of great importance. Every one agrees that sex is the neck on which marriage rotates, or is controlled. Sex is one of the reasons for which the marriage institution is in place.So, sex is expected to be a thing of great prominence in marriage. However, issues of infidelity and rape involving married people have cast a shadow on the effectiveness of marriage in providing sexual satisfaction for the married. This becomes more critical when men in positions of power, now use same to secure sex gratification, from willing and unwilling victims.  No thanks to the recent scandalous sex for marks, involving lectures in our universities. One can only imagine why these married men, throwhonour and caution to the wind, by stooping so low to bring shame to their highly exalted offices, ridiculing their profession, and religious calling, when such men turn out to be ofclergy personality, for what they sleep and wake up with in their marriage. Nasarawa Police arrests pastor, 46 suspects for armed robbery, kidnap, other crimes To my curious mind, I feel that these incidents are deeply rooted in the marriage setting, and the solution lies primarily there, as well. Couples should take the sex act in the marriage to the next level, where satisfaction is given adequate attention, as a matter of urgency and priority. While sex may not be completely absent, it may not be easily accessible, or inadequate, or unpleasurable. These issues are undeniable due to what we have been witnessing as marriage counselors. By experience, therefore, sexual satisfaction in many marriages, falls short of what can be termed, the next level sex. Enjoying great marriage through i.T.T.Concept Seven things men should do to increase performance Nigeria is so complex now no one knows where the next arrow… Great marriage requires consistent love Next level sex, which is targeted at maximum sexual satisfaction, involves the following, among others things: I strongly believe that if couples do all to satisfy themselves in the marriage, even the randy rambo ones could also be tamed. After all, Lions and other wild animals are being tamed, with what they enjoy feeding on. Sex styles, information, and free expression of sexual needs and preference at home are necessary for a great marriage. So, let the married do the needful. MY BOOK ,ENJOYING GREAT SEX LIFE, will go a long way to help you achieve the next level sex, perfecting the sexual skills, in that direction. You can call 08112658560 for details of the book. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!