A group, Initiative to Save Democracy (ISD), on Tuesday raised the alarm over fresh plans by some elements to rehash it called old, baseless and unsubstantiated allegations against Vice President Yemi Osinbajo. The group was reacting to statement credited to Second Republic lawmaker, Hon. Junaid Mohammed, in an interview with a national daily over the weekend, describing the allegations raised in there as baseless, untrue and laughable. According to the group, the allegations were just “another calculated attempt to disparage a good, upright and honest man who is committed to the true progress of the country”. ISD, in a statement by its publicity secretary, Mr Peter Oladele, said it was glaring that Prof. Osinbajo was one of the most loved and balanced public office holders who had offered equal opportunities to everyone around him irrespective of tribe, religion and other differences. Oladele said contrary to claims made by the elements behind the rehashed and unfounded allegations, the highest-ranking officer in the office of the Vice President is the deputy Chief of Staff who happens to be Ade Abdulrahman Ipaye, is a Muslim while other senior aides of the Vice Presidents are equally Muslims. ”The highest-ranking officer in the office of the Vice President is the deputy Chief of Staff who happens to be Ade Abdulrahman Ipaye, a Muslim. His Senior Special Assistant on Legal Matters is Dr Bilkisu Saidu while the SSA/Director of Protocol is Ambassador Abdullahi Gwary from Yobe state,” the group said. Harping on Osinbajo’s detribalised nature, the group said only a few weeks ago, the fearless Northern lawmaker, Senator Ali Ndume expressed his satisfaction about the manner the vice president prioritised the welfare of the internally displaced victims in the North-East, insisting that Osinbajo was very passionate about the humanitarian crisis in Borno. ALSO READ: Minister expresses concern over funding of $962m new airport terminals IPPIS: ASUU, Accountant-General trade blame over October 31… Senate kicks against allocation of N600 million to… 2020 budget: Senators, reps commend Registrar as JAMB remits… Assault: He must sleep in cell before accepting his apology… “Recently, Prof. Osinbajo organised the construction of a world-class school in Borno state (Maiduguri International School) and this is before the former governor of the state, Kashim Shettima, named a world-class school (The Yemi Osinbajo Primary School) after him because of his contribution to the state. “Then there is a case of little Aisha Ibrahim, a Boko Haram victim, whom the Vice President met during a surprise visit to Maiduguri. According to her parents, Mr and Mrs Ibrahim Goni Lawani, Prof. Osinbajo personally covered the costs of the operation, including flying in a US-based Skin Surgeon, Prof. Ferdinand Ofodile to conduct a corrective surgery. “The question that Nigerians should ask Junaid Mohammed is simple, is Prof. Osinbajo from Borno state? Or are all the people from that state from his church? It’s ludicrous that people are trying to tarnish the name of a good man,” the group said. “The Vice President flows freely with market women and artisans across the country. He attends Muslim events and has never been drawn along with this nonsensical allegation. He is an upright man and a leading light in this administration,” the group added. ISD, however, urged those behind the rehashed allegation to allow Vice President Osinbajo focus on the task of making Nigeria work for all citizens with President Muhamamdu Buhari, instead of embarking on a campaign of calumny with frivolous and unsubstantiated allegations. “They should allow the Vice President to focus on the task at hand which is supporting the President in governance and delivering the dividends of democracy to Nigerians who voted himself and President Muhammadu Buhari into the office for a second term,” the group said. It called on Nigerians to ignore elements who sought to divide the country along religious and ethnic lines, stressing that they were up to no good. “It is obvious that some people with little or no clout are seeking relevance at all cost, they will say anything to achieve this, including telling outright lies. Nigerians must be wary of such elements,” ISD said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!