As political activities continue to gather momentum ahead of the November 16th governorship election in Bayelsa State, Former Governor and Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, has been appointed the Director-General of the All Progressives Congress Governorship Campaign Organisation. Announcing the appointment at the Party’s campaign secretariat in Yenagoa, the chairman of the APC in the State, Hon. Jothan Amos, formally declared the council and various committees inaugurated in the presence of party elders, stakeholders and other loyalists, saying APC is the best-placed party to win the gubernatorial election in the state. Also appointed are three former speakers of the Bayelsa State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Peremobowei Ebebi, Rt. Hon. Werinipere Seibarogu and Rt. Hon. Nestor Binabo, who are expected to serve as Special Advisers to the Director-General of the Organization, while the former Administrative Secretary of Alaibe Campaign Organization, Prof. Seiyefa Brisibe, would serve as alternate Director-General. Addressing supporters at the occasion, candidate of the APC, Chief David Lyon, promised to change Bayelsa State for the good of all, saying “to defeat the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is a task that must be done. ALSO READ: Lagos ready to pay above N30,000 minimum wage ― Sanwo-Olu “Everyone has seen the hardship in the state. We are in total darkness. We cannot continue to remain a civil service state. Together, we will change the narrative.” Lyon added. Also speaking, the alternate Director-General, Professor Brisibe, said the APC represents the hopes and yearnings of the people of the state, expressing confidence that the APC would emerge victorious at the polls. NUPENG decries poor road infrastructure Militants threaten to destroy oil facilities if Dokubo is… FG achieves 96.4 per cent success in aviation security ―… APC, PDP bicker over Fayemi’s achievement in Ekiti “We are going to Government House, Yenagoa. We will banish hunger. We will banish poverty. We will banish insecurity. We will banish darkness. We will banish dictatorship.” He declared. Former deputy governor, Rt. Hon Peremobowei Ebebi, thanked the leadership of APC in the state for appointing him as Adviser to the Campaign Council, saying his presence in the APC represents the people of Bayelsa West zone. Ebebi who recently defected from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), promised to put in his best in ensuring that APC wins the governorship election on November 16. The veteran politician from Bayelsa East, Dr George Allen Fente, congratulated all those appointed into the various committees, advising that the coming election presents an opportunity to “choke” the PDP. Elder stateswoman, Lady Anne Yougha, speaking on behalf of Bayelsa Central zone said that “Bayelsans are tired of living in darkness and are yearning for the APC to bring the change they desire.” Speaking further, she said the APC ticket of Chief Lyon and Senator Biobarakuma Degi-Eremienyo represents light, saying “the time has come for change, to move Bayelsa State to the next level. “The Ijaw people have always played politics with political forces at the centre. If we join hands with the centre our fortunes and material conditions will change for the better. We will not remain beggars”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!