The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), on Monday, dismissed the inauguration of a shadow deputy governor in Kogi state as a complete nullity, which has no place under nation’s laws. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its National Publicity Secretary,Mr Kola Ololgbondiyan,the Party described as scandalous to the nation’s judicial system, that the Chief Judge of Kogi State, Justice Nasir Ajana, “whose panel acquitted the state deputy governor, Elder Simon Achuba, of any misconduct, suddenly flipped to conform with an odious plot by desperate Governor Yahaya Bello to forcefully remove the deputy governor.” According to the Party, “the action of the Kogi Chief Judge has heavily jeopardized the integrity of the judiciary and capable of bringing the institution to public disrepute if not immediately checked. “Our party insists that the Chief Judge of Kogi state, in staging an illegal inauguration of Edward Onoja, as a deputy governor, while the office has not become constitutionally vacant, amounts to gross misconduct, which cannot be accommodated under our laws. Nigerian Army sensitizes Media Influencers, Journalists on… NAFEST back to home of culture after 40 years ― Obaseki NNPC operating revenue drops by N15.69bn in July Sanwo-Olu, BATN foundation laud farmers’ role in food… ALSO READ:  Digital switch contract: Court gives ICPC last warning to produce witnesses “The PDP alerts that this is a clear demonstration of the reprehensible and sacrilegious design by Governor Yahaya Bello to entangle, drag down and corrupt the institution of the judiciary, cause a constitutional crisis, trigger mayhem and derail the smooth conduct of the November 16 governorship election in the state. “This is because there is no way there can be two deputy governors in the same state, more so as the people of Kogi state had already registered their anger and resentment against this illegality in the public space.” The Party, therefore, called on the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Justice Mohammed Tanko, to take immediate steps to save Kogi State from plunging into anarchy and chaos. According to it, “Nigeria is a nation governed by law and nobody must be allowed to set aside our constitution and corrupt our democratic order for his or her selfish and repressive agenda.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!