A hip hop, Afrobeat, Rnb and Dancehall artist, Torkuma Davies Nyior also known as TK-Swag has expressed optimism about the growth of the nation’s capital music industry. TK-Swag who is an advocate of Abuja entertainment industry challenged Abuja to showcase its homegrown artiste. With the release of his hit track “Fairly Used Boyfriend” TK-Swag has received major responses from all over Nigeria and on the internet, his song has also been a source of inspiration to many artists. Speaking to newsmen in Abuja yesterday, the vibrant Nigerian born songwriter and performing artist said: “Lagos is full, but Abuja can take the overflow.” He said Abuja entertainment is ripe to match with the Lagos music scene. TK-Swag who produces his music along the genres of hip hop, RnB, dance hall and AfroBeat called on artist to brand themselves, saying “your brand needs to have a selling factor that is personal to you as an artist, be it your style, your market, your subject, you don’t have to be in Lagos to brand yourself.” “My music is often inspired with a fusion of genres, a seamless blend of local and international sounds to create a unique form of music that can be enjoyed by all,” TK-Swag said. The song was launched with a social media campaign that requested users to show interest in his #fairlyusedboyfriend merchandise, which has caused a frenzy on Instagram with overwhelming results. ALSO READ: FG says no plan to remove fuel subsidy “With this song, I guess everybody needed a Fairly Used Boyfriend T-shirt,” he said. Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole When asked about the major challenges he faced as an artist, he said “for me finances would be one, secondly meeting the right network of people who are passionate about your craft but the greatest would be that fans no longer think or make decisions for themselves on the choice of music to enjoy, the trends can ruin music in these parts,” he said. TK-Swag stressed that music is constantly evolving and it is only right for music artists to evolve with it without losing originality” he said. “I reflect my originality in my music,” he said. He also noted that he is working on releasing an EP in the first quarter of 2020. “The creme de la creme EP promises to show TK-Swag’s prolificness and versatility as an artist based on the various genres the track will portray,” he said. Born in Kano state Nigeria, the Jos town grown artiste has been know to be unpredictable with his hits as his music contains seamless fusions of Hip-Hop, RNB, dancehall and Afrobeat making him a true world music artiste. Listening to his lyrics presents elements of local Nigerian languages, he fused with English. He attempts to ensure that the rhythms are cool enough to ensure that music lovers don’t lose the meaning and idea of his songs. TK-Swag is a prolific and sought-after songwriter who has written many songs for numerous African and foreign artistes. TK-Swag has an awesome uniqueness to his sound and isn’t restricted to any genre of music, he is an eccentric performer and makes music with ease, he is one to look out for. He is the first artiste to be on the Dbanj’s ‘Cream’ platform and has had performances in various countries, the most recent being the One Music One Sound Fest in Dubai headlined with the likes of Praiz, Genuwine, Kranium, Dbanj, and many other foreign artists. He started recording music professionally in 2009 and has since been making hits with influences drawn from artiste like Drake, Kendrick Lamar, J Cole, Kanye West, Travis Scott, 6lack, Bryson Tiller, H.E.R, Dbanj, Chris Brown, Fela Kuti. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....