THE new Commandant of Nigeria Immigration Training School, Kano, Ismaili Muhammad Hamis has stressed the need for Journalists to embrace professionalism and avoid sensational reporting capable of promoting national disintegration. Making the assertion on Tuesday in Kano, while receiving the executive members of Kano state Correspondent Chapel, Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) who were on a familiarization visit in his office, Hamis described the media as, “a very important tool for promoting peace, stability and national development. His words, “I want to emphasize that the mass media is very powerful and very much needed to ensure a better society. That is why journalists should be mindful of the way they operate because they are the mirror through which the ordinary view the society.” ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/sars-officer-faces-disciplinary-action-for-improper-dressing/ Oyinlola mourns Ogunrinade, pioneer Osun PDP chairman Pirates kidnap 2 policemen, boatman in Rivers Rwanda launches ‘first made-in-Africa’… Taraba killing: Army BOI submits report, recommends… , “Anything the media projects have a serious impact on the people; so, there is always need for media practitioners to uphold patriotism while carrying out their duties so that they can help to build our nation instead of marring it.” he said. According to him, his mission and vision in Kano Immigration Training School are to ensure that it is upgraded to the internationally accepted standard, adding that he was prepared to build on the legacies left behind by his predecessor. “You know that this is the premier training school of the immigration service. Most of the people at the top today were trained here and are to train more officers who will serve our great nation with dedication.” He, however, solicited for the support of journalists in the state, pointing out that, “I can only succeed in the cause of my duty with your full support. I will always welcome your advice and suggestions; and whenever you hear anything about the service, do not hesitate to cross-check facts before going for publication.” Earlier, the chairman of Kano state Correspondent Chapel, Comrade Ibrahim Garba Shuaibu urged the Commandant to cooperate with journalists in the state through timely release of information that can help them discharge their duties. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!