Anambra State Ministry of Tertiary Education, Science and Technology successfully joined other countries of the world in marking the Telecommunications and Information Society Day. It was gathered that the celebration with the theme, “Bridging the Standardization Gap, took place in Awka with the state Commissioners, Permanent Secretaries, Head of institutions and students in attendance. In her keynote address, the Commissioner for Tertiary Education, Science and Technology, Professor Theresa Obiekezie, said the purpose of World Telecommunications and Information Society Day is to help raise awareness of the possibilities the use of the internet and other information and communication technologies can bring to the society and economies of the world as well as ways to bridge the digital divide. She noted that the theme was specifically chosen to allow International Telecommunications Union membership and other key stakeholders to focus on the opportunities for promoting the implementation of international standards in developing countries. ALSO READ: Obiano presents N137.1bn budget proposal for 2020 fiscal year The Commissioner for Youth Entrepreneurship and Creative Economy, Mr. Afam Mbanefo, announced that his Ministry will soon commence the execution of the already launched creative and innovative Inventor, Investor Initiative, aimed at capturing the youths within the communities to enable them to showcase their talents. The Permanent Secretary in the ministry, Mrs. Pauline Nwandu said the goal of bridging the Standardization Gap programme is to address the disparities in the ability to develop countries to access, implement and influence ITU’S International standards. She commended Governor Willie Obiano for supporting the celebration. LAUTECH crisis: Why we locked varsity gates ― NASU Provision of quality education, major priority — Sanwo-Olu UBEC establishes department to enhance teachers performance… Hard work, vehicle to success in life, Principal of Rochas… A participant and Anambra State Head of Service, Barrister Harry Uduh, represented by the Director of Public Service Office, Mr. Ojeyinka Adebayo, stressed the importance of ICT and announced their readiness to maximize its usage in the State Civil Service while calling on ICT developers to create measures to curb the excesses of hackers. Another participant and Provost, Nwafor Orizu College of Education Nsugbe, Dr. Ifeyinwa Osegbo, who spoke through the ICT Director, Engineer Chiamaka Atueyi said the institution is the first in the State to start Computer and Robotics Education Department so that students on acquisition of NCE, will effectively bequeath the knowledge to pupils and students to assist them in manufacturing real Robots in the State. In another development, the Vice-Chancellor, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Prof. Charles Esimone has commended a philanthropist, Engr. Johnbosco Onunkwo for his kind sponsorship of the construction of an ultra-modern bus station at the university gate. ALSO READ: Kogi govt begins accreditation, issuance of licenses to eligible schools This approbation came during Engr. Onunkwo’s courtesy call on Prof. Esimone following his appointment as the new VC of the institution. The VC,  applauded Onunkwo’s gesture, branding it a thoughtful one which borders on the true essence of Alumni. The VC stated that with the likes of the philanthropist Onunkwo in the political space, he represents a symbol of hope. In his words, the VC said, “This project will touch the core of the students’ lives because anything that enhances their welfare gets the utmost priority.” Prof. Esimone further urged other alumni to borrow a leaf from Engr. Onunkwo while branding him the thankful leper out of ten who has come home to show gratitude. During the visit, Engr. Johnbosco Onunkwo, said he is line with NUC and UNIZIK, who find Prof. Esimone worthy of the office, lauded Prof. Esimone as the man with the password to catapult the University to greater heights and so he pledged to do anything to see his alma mater, UNIZIK, at the best. He revealed he was in the University for the foundation stone laying of an Ultra-modern bus station that would serve both staff and students of the school on completion. He equally disclosed that the multi-million naira project would be ready for commissioning in December. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.