The governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Douye Diri, yesterday said transforming public infrastructure for the socio-economic growth of Bayelsa State would top his list of priorities when elected in office in the forthcoming November 16th election. Speaking during the kick-off of the PDP governorship campaign rally in Amassoma Community in Southern Ijaw Local Government Area of the State, Senator Diri also promised to tackle the challenges of the Niger Delta University, Amassoma and review its workers’ problem. Diri said he worked closely with the present governor, Hon. Seriake Dickson, for the past seven years and knows the challenges of the people of Amassoma, a situation his administration would change for good once voted into office. According to him, he would continue with the road project that leads to Oporoma the headquarters of Southern Ijaw Local Government Area with the view of opening up the area for rapid economic growth and development. ALSO READ: Create more jetties in Ojo area, Lawmaker tells Sanwo-Olu “The current governor has consulted with me that he will award the bridge contract that leads to Oporoma before he leaves office by February 14, 2020, and if he is unable to complete it before he leaves I Senator Douye Diri would award the contract for the bridge.” PDP, Useni appeals tribunal judgment, demand Lalong’s… Anambra govt to establish trauma centre for improved… Fisayo Soyombo feels unsafe over threat of arrest after… Create more jetties in Ojo area, Lawmaker tells Sanwo-Olu He further said that all the projects in Amassoma were all awarded by the PDP led government and that nothing has been done by the opposition APC led Federal Government in the community. Diri also assured the people that he would partner with his running mate Senator Lawrence Erhujawkpo to bring succor to the flood-affected people in Amassoma and its neighbouring communities. He said given the mammoth crowd that graced the PDP campaign rally shows that Amassoma is PDP and that the PDP is popular in Amassoma. “There is no sign that somebody or anybody has decamped from PDP in Amassoma seeing the large turnout. Don’t let them deceive you. Vote for one of your own (Diri) that will look at your challenges and issues and solve them.” Speaking earlier, the speaker of the Bayelsa State House of Assembly Rt. Hon. Monday Obolo said Bayelsans should seek for a government that goes into office with the intention to develop Southern Ijaw and the entire state, saying only the PDP can make this happen. Also speaking, the members representing Southern Ijaw Constituency 1 in the State Assembly, Hon. Bonny Ayah, said there is no amount of intimidation and threat that will make the people of Amassoma succumb to ‘federal might’. The highlight of the occasion was the presentation of award of honour to senator Douye Diri by the PDP Students Movement in Amassoma. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!