The leadership of Ayetoro community in Ilaje Local Government Area of Ondo State, on Sunday, said the traditional ruler of the town, Oba Micah Ajijo, was never remanded or released from Prison custody, describing the rumour as baseless, unfounded and false. The leaders from the community who stated this during a press statement in Akure, Ondo state capital, disclosed that an impostor to the traditional stool of the land, Oluwambe Ojagbohunmi, was remanded for breaching the peace of the land and laying claims to the spiritual and traditional stool of the land. Speaking on behalf of the leaders, the Principal secretary of Ayetoro community Chief Dele Kudehinbu, stated that Ojagbohunmi was dragged before  Court for breaching the peace of the land by parading himself as the traditional ruler of the land and was ordered to be remanded in prison custody since January this year. He said Ojagbohunmi was released on bail after the intervention of some principal actors and he was never released unconditionally as being circulated by a section of the media, saying the actions of the Ojagbohunmi’s followers negate the terms of conditions for his release. ALSO READ:  GCI Alumni to mark 90th anniversary with 300m hostel Kudehinbu commended the Paramount ruler of Ilaje,  Olugbo of Ugbo, Oba Obateru Akinruntan, for his intervention in the matter, saying Ojagbohunmi was released to the first-class monarch by the court on health ground, after signing an undertaking to maintain peace in the community He, however, expressed surprise over the claim by some people that Ojagbohunmi was released by the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu,  saying “these are lies. The condition for facilitating his bail was signed by Olugbo. There is nothing like unconditional release by the governor. This was designed to energize his illiterate followers. BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… He explained that a committee put in place over the crisis in Ayetoro considered the peace of the community and the possibility of setting conditions of good conduct for Ojagbohunmi if released on bail by the court. He stated some of the conditions to include: “that Olorunmbe Ojagbohunmi should stop parading himself as the spiritual head or traditional ruler of Ayetoro community. “That Ojagbohunmi should vacate the main palace within three weeks of the agreement and that he should submit the missing crown and all paraphernalia of the stool of Ogeloyinbo to Olugbo of Ugbo kingdom. “That Ojagbohunmi should order his men out of Ayetoro community after his release on bail. “That Ojagbohunmi must stop worshipping at the community main church till further notice. “That all efforts should be made to expedite actions by the parties to the civil suit pending in Okitipupa High Court on rightful person entitled to the obaship/ spiritual leadership in Ayetoro community. “That a first-class traditional from Ilaje origin must guarantee and or surety the good conduct of the accused and produce him anytime he is required to produce” The  Principal Secretary, however, appealed to the people of the Ayetoro coastal community to embrace peace, while he commended the Ondo state government for finding a lasting solution to the crisis in Ayetoro community. But the Supreme Council of Elders and Ayetoro Youth Congress (AYC), assured that peace will reign in the land with the release of Ojagbohunmi, saying the people are peace-loving people. Speaking on behalf of the people   Apostle Joshua Bankole, advised the elites not to disrupt the peace in the land, urging them to embrace peace in order to achieve the needed development in the town. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!