Trinity Fitness Club, Onitsha, Anambra State, says it will not vacate its training ground within the Chuba Ikpeazu Stadium, Onitsha against the directive of the Anambra Sports Development Commission (ASDC). The club said this in a statement signed by Philip Okonkwo, its Caretaker Committee Chairman and made available to Nigerian Tribune in Awka on Friday. The ASDC in a letter signed by its chairman, Tony Oli, on Sept. 23 had issued a directive that Trinity Fitness Club stood ejected and stopped from operating within the premises of Chuba Ikpeazu Stadium, Onitsha. The eviction order is contained in a letter entitled “Letter of Ejection From Chuba Ikpeazu Stadium, Onitsha.” “Following the acts of indiscipline, unruly behaviour and blatant disregard to constituted authority, I wish to inform that the club is hereby ejected from operating within the premises of Chuba Ikpeazu Stadium, Onitsha. “The money you paid to the Stadium Manager will be returned to you in full at the return of the original receipt issued to you,” it said. However, the club in the statement dismissed allegations of lawlessness which the commission levelled against them and challenged Oli, the Commission’s chairman to substantiate his claims. The club said that if there was the need for them to get a refund of the stadium maintenance fee they paid, they’d also collect the money they used to repair the training arena which it claimed ran into millions of naira. “Trinity Sports Club, Onitsha wish to inform the world especially the good people of Anambra that we condemn and reject the letter to our Club by Anambra State Sports Development Commission under the chairmanship of Oli. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/activate-onitsha-inland-seaport-to-accelerate-economy-growth-%e2%80%95-obiano/ Ghana president, first lady thrilled at FOCOS charity for… Facebook removes coordinated fake accounts in Nigeria, UAE,… Facebook launches Threads from Instagram, new camera-first… Nigeria Customs Service explains reason for operation at… “We wish to inform the governor of Anambra, Chief Willie Obiano and indeed the whole world that our tenancy is valid until July 2020 following our second annual payment which we made in August 2019. “It may interest you that if need be, we will get our refund and over four million naira that we spent to put the space you allotted us in shape as it was bushy, unkempt and unfit for any sporting activity,” it stated. The club expressed surprise that they were directed in the ejection letter to go to the stadium manage they paid to for refund after more than a month of payment. They wondered why they were made to pay a stadium maintenance fee into private account instead of a government-approved revenue account. “We still express a deep sense of dismay that five weeks after paying our annual maintenance fee to the stadium manager’s private bank account you are still directing us to go back to the same person to get our refund. “Revenues from Chuba Ikpeazu Stadium is government (public) money and we wonder why such money should be paid into private accounts and still remain with the individual for that length of time. “We want to use this opportunity to call on the governor to investigate this act of privatisation of public funds. “Infinity Sports Club wish to call on His Excellency to call Oli to orders before he kills the spirit of sportsmanship in Anambra State. “Lastly, we demand unfettered access to our fitness space in the stadium and that Oli steers clear of our internal affairs and limit himself to his duties as the Sports Development Commission Chairman,” it stated. It was learnt that Mr Oli had accused the club of making unnecessary public show and playing bad politics. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.