THE Police authority has said it has intensified efforts to rescue Rev. Father Arinze Madu who was abducted by unknown gunmen on Monday evening near the gate of Queen of Apostles Seminary School, Imezi-Owa community in Ezeagu Local Government Area of Enugu State. A statement by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ebere Amaraizu, confirmed that the priest was allegedly abducted on Monday at about 5.50 pm near the gate of the seminary as he was driving out of the premises. Also reacting to the development, the Enugu State Government has expressed deep concern about the unfortunate incident and charged the Police and other security agencies to ensure that the priest was rescued unhurt. In a statement issued by Luois Amoke, media aide to Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, on Tuesday, stated that the state government would leave no stone unturned to make sure that the Priest regains his freedom. Anambra South: Uba’s dynasty shattered, says Amachree,… Gov Bello in Kabba, assures Kogites of more development… Arik airline capable of national carrier status ― AMCON MD 2023: I’m vindicated on South-West Presidency, says… ALSO READ: Appeal Court upholds victories of Ekiti senator, two other lawmakers “The government reassured the people of its continued commitment to make the state safe and to sustain the enviable status of Enugu as one of the safest and most peaceful states in Nigeria,” Amoke added. It, therefore, urged members of the public to remain calm and to go about their normal businesses while the government will continue to support the security agencies to secure lives and property of the people. It would be recalled that Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi’s administration only recently procured and distributed security patrol vans equipped with communication gadgets to the security agencies in the state to aid their operations. The state government equally procured two hundred and sixty vehicles, motorcycles and bicycles respectively which will soon be distributed to Neighbourhood Watch groups and Forest Guards for community policing. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!