Ahead of the November 16 governorship election in Kogi State, Catholic bishops in the state have advised the electorate to vote wisely and elect credible leaders with the fear of God for good governance. Bishop Martins Olorunmolu of the Lokoja Diocese and his Idah Diocese counterpart, Anthony Adaji, made the call in a pastoral message to the people of the state on Thursday, in Lokoja, the state capital. The bishops urged the people of the state to see the election as a golden opportunity for them to elect credible leaders who would prioritise their welfare, saying that they should not waste it. “We believe that God loves our dear Kogi State. He wants all of us to live in peace and harmony so as to attain social progress and development under God-fearing, capable and honest leaders who will have the welfare of the people of the state at heart,” they said in their joint message. Atiku’s appeal: APC, PDP fight over Supreme Court justices The clerics described as unfortunate, the sufferings which the people of the state had been made to pass through as a result of what they called bad governance, especially in recent times. Disregard any prophecy on Buhari’s successor, cleric tells… Christian warfare not a battle of the flesh, says Anglican… ‘Gowon, OBJ, Buhari, IBB should converge, pray, fast for… We will continue to criticise FG when it does wrong, says… They urged the electorate to do the needful and vote wisely. “As chief shepherds, God has given us the responsibility to counsel you on any important social or spiritual matter that affects or will affect your lives significantly in various ways. “Going by the scriptures, the lips of a priest should guard knowledge and people should seek instruction from his mouth, for he is the messenger of the Lord of hosts,” they noted. The bishops advised the electorate to be thoughtful, careful and prayerful in electing another set of leaders in the state to avert the hardship and painful experience of the past characterised by dearth of basic infrastructure. They also cautioned the electorate against being deceived by small favours and “short-time romance.” The clerics said that this would result in another four years of hardship and anguish, saying God had given them the opportunity to decide for themselves. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....