Nigerian afrobeat singer, Yemi Alade, has been put into consideration for Grammy Award 2019. The singer, who recently dropped her anticipated album ‘Woman of Steel’, took to her Instagram account to celebrate the great news as she aims to move her musical career to the global stage. “We are up for Grammy Award consideration. Reaching out to all voting members @recordingacademy to consider my Album ‘Woman of Steel’ for Best World Music Album. “This has been an incredible project and I would love to celebrate it with all of you. “#Grammy 2019 #Grammy Awards#WorldMusicGrammy@recordingacademy#fyc#womanofsteel#yemialade,” she wrote. The singer, who is also a songwriter, was being considered for a Grammy Award due to the fact that she has acquired over a million global streams. Behind her mask set for Nigeria premiere in November,… BBNaija: Don Jazzy, Rita Dominic, others react to Mercy’s… #BBNaija 2019: Season four ends, Nigerians react #BBNaija 2019: Tacha extends hand of friendship to winner,… ALSO READ: I’m not African Beyonce, don’t compare me with her, Yemi Alade warns Seyi Shay, others Also, for being the first afrobeat female to have over 100 million views on a single video which is her hit single ‘Johnny’ The singer has several landmark achievements, which include BET, MTV African Music Award and MOBO awards as well as changing the narratives with her music outside the shores of Africa. She was recently listed as one of the most influential people in Africa in 2018, as she is being introduced as ‘Mama Africa’. Her 2013 single Johnny, with over 100 million views is still the most viewed video by any African artiste on YouTube six years after its release. Alade is the only female Afro beat artiste with this record without any collaboration. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!