As Nigerians mark the 59th year of Independence today, the Ijaw Youth Council (IYC) has declared that the country has yet to attain real democratic independence. National President of IYC, Pereotubo Oweilaemi, Esq, while speaking on behalf of the Ijaw youths, reiterated the call for fiscal federalism to salvage the country from plunging into the precipice. “IYC sees the celebration as a gathering of stoical dancers. Nigerians, especially the ethnic minorities are still under internal colonialism. “There cannot be anything called Independence when some ethnic groups are under the colony of the majority ethnic groups. “The political subjugation and annexation of the minority ethnic groups to live as free citizens in a country that belongs to everyone smack of a Country lacking Democratic independent. “Laws have been enacted for over the years through legislative processes by these domineering major tribes to colonise the minorities. The growing political marginalisation and economic strangulation, as well as the economic apathy in the management of the natural resources in the Niger Delta region, is a fallout of the internal colonialism Nigeria is practising. “Nigeria cannot attain Independence until its draconian, obnoxious and inimical laws are rejigged to accommodate the interest of the people whose lands produce the resources. “The 1999 military Constitution is the worst democratic gift given to Nigerians by the last military junta. “The Constitution set the tune for internal colonialism where some Nigerians are subjected to the status of servitude to the others. Adamawa governor, a threat to PDP’s survival — Senator… NigeriaAt59: Natasha congratulate Kogites, Nigerians NigeriaAt59: Kano govt empowers over 200,000 youths in 4… Civil Society demands review of BEDC licence over poor… “What Nigerians need to celebrate an independent Country devoid of the internal rift is to enact a Constitution that is collectively made by the people. ALSO READ: Makinde restates commitment not to interfere in Ibadan chieftaincy affairs “The reports of the various constitutional conferences, especially the 2014 confab report, if implemented would have salvaged the situation. Many Nigerians are not happily celebrating the Country’s Independence. Doing so seems like celebrating slavery and oppression. “The Country is in dire need of restructuring. Those who are opposed to restructuring do not know its importance to the unity of this Country. The concept must not be confused with a breakup. “Restructuring means political-cum economic freedom. It will make Nigeria a truly federal state where the people will see themselves as free and equal citizens in their fatherland. “The ethnic minorities particularly the Niger Delta people will also want to breathe the air of freedom in the Country. “The present political arrangement does not accommodate our interest as equal partners in the Nigerian project. “We are being subjected as second fiddle human beings in the Country we all called our own. “IYC in collaboration with other ethnic groups will continue to champion the cause of restructuring which in our understanding is resource control, true fiscal federalism, devolution of power to the component states as against the quasi-federal system being currently in practice, political autonomy and self-determination for all ethnic minorities in the Country. “We will not back down on our collective struggle to make Nigeria attain a truly Independence status,” the Ijaw body averred. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.