The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC), says the renewal of the National Identity Card will cost five thousand naira (N5,000) payable through remita. This was disclosed by its tweeter handle (@nimc_ng) monitored by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Monday, and confirmed by a staff of the Corporate Department of the NIMC. NIMC also said that applicants who wish to renew their card can visit any NIMC office with the required documents to obtain their card. ” The requirements include a written application with attached proof of payment receipt made through remita, bank teller, NIN slip and submit it at our office. ” Card renewal costs N5,000 payable through remita.” NIMC tweeted. Mininum wage: Reps move to avert planned nationwide strike NUC approves take-off of postgraduate programmes on… Kwara health workers appeal on 7-month salary arrears Gov. Akeredolu says good healthcare service is citizen’s… The tweet also explained that the main focus of the commission was to ensure that all Nigerians are enrolled. ALSO READ: Kwara health workers appeal on 7-month salary arrears ” Our main focus is ensuring that all Nigerians are enrolled and issued their NIN and Your NIN is the most important token of your enrollment. According to the commission, Nigerians can authenticate their National Identity Number through NIMC verification portal. ”Your NIN can be authenticated through our verification portal without your card” NIMC tweeted. ” You will be issued your cards when funds permit, Please bear with us and Your NIN is generated immediately for you upon successful completion of your enrolment.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!