The Peoples Democratic Party PDP, congratulated the Benue state Governor Samuel Ortom and the Bauchi state Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed, on their victory at the governorship election petitions tribunal in their respective states. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan, the party said that the verdicts of the tribunals were a clear consolidation of the triumph of the will of the people of the two states as expressly delivered through massively voting for the governors in the March 9 governorship elections. The Patty noted that the spontaneous jubilation that greeted the verdict across the two states affirmed the fact that justice was delivered in the matters in line with the will and aspirations of the people. According to Party, “indeed, Governor Ortom’s resounding victory at the election underlines the overwhelming acceptance of his leadership style as demonstrated in his unprecedented commitment to the welfare and development of his state despite daunting security and economic challenges. Oyinlola mourns Ogunrinade, pioneer Osun PDP chairman Pirates kidnap 2 policemen, boatman in Rivers Rwanda launches ‘first made-in-Africa’… Taraba killing: Army BOI submits report, recommends… ALSO READ: NDLEA arrests 65 suspects in Edo “His reelection marks the consolidation of good governance and contribution towards the uplifting of the living standard of the people in all sectors of life ” In the same vein, the PDP notes the excitement of the people of Bauchi state on the affirmation of the election of Governor Bala Mohammed whose administration marks the repositioning of the state toward greater productivity in all critical sectors “The Party observes Senator Bala’s commitment to massive infrastructural development across the state as well as economic development of the people directly reflect the desires and aspirations of the people of Bauchi state”. They urged the governors to continue in their selfless services to the people in line with their manifestos SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!