A 32-year-old motorcyclist, Aremu Oriyomi, has been remanded in Oke-Kura prison custody, Ilorin for allegedly having forceful carnal knowledge of one Tawakalitu Abdullahi in Shao, Moro local government area, Kwara State. Oriyomi was arraigned before the Kwara State family court, presided over by Magistrate Shade Lawal. He was charged with criminal force assault and rape contrary to section 266 and 282 of penal code law. The case was transferred to the Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department from Shao Divisional Police Headquarters and eventually referred to Anti Human Trafficking Women and Children Protection Unit, for discreet investigation. The defendant, who resides at Isale Are area of Shao, according to the Police First Information Report (FIR) was said to have raped the victim in the bush while pretending to be rendering a transportation service to her. ALSO READ: 18-year-old granted bail for allegedly defiling minor 18-year-old granted bail for allegedly defiling minor Customs seize rice,vehicles with duty paid value of N145m in… EFCC arrests 10 suspected internet fraudsters in Ilorin Woman in court for obtaining N750,000 on false pretence The FIR stated that Tawakalitu asked the defendant to take her home but he took her to a hotel with the pretext that he wanted to collect something there. The FIR revealed that Oriyomi, in a bid to perpetuate his nefarious act, wasted the victim’s time by taking her to a filling station to buy fuel and later to an uncompleted building in the bush. While driving towards the uncompleted facility, the police report disclosed that Tawakalitu tried to escape by jumping out of the bike, a development that made her sustain injuries on her left hand. The defendant was said to have come down from the bike to threaten Tawakalitu with a knife, then, forcefully had sexual intercourse with her, right in the bush. The police prosecutor, Inspector Ogunleye Olasupo, prayed the court to order the remand of the defendant in prison custody. The prosecutor said that the offence of the accused is not ordinarily bailable and that police investigation was still going on over the matter. The magistrate, who ceded to the request of the prosecutor, ordered that the defendant be remanded in prison custody. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!