Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev on Saturday said Russia will find ways to help Cuba secure supplies of oil and petroleum products. Medvedev pledged to help develop Cuba’s energy sector during a visit to the island this week, however, did not announce any short-term measures to provide relief for the island from crippling fuel shortages in the wake of tougher US sanctions. Meanwhile, a flotilla of shipments from Venezuela gave Cuba some respite this week. But the support from two of its closest allies looks unlikely to resolve Cuba’s pressing fuel problems, which have seen the government extend many of the energy-saving measures it has introduced over the past month. “I think we will find other ways to help Cuba get oil and petroleum products. We discussed this today and agreed that we would draft a work plan for energy supplies to Cuba. “Although, we bear in mind conventional energy sources, hydrocarbons, and maybe some other available avenues,” Medvedev told Rossiya 1 TV when asked if Russian ships could escort oil tankers to Cuba. Havana said on September 11 that it had not secured sufficient shipments of refined fuels such as gasoline and diesel for the rest of the month due to sanctions imposed by the US in retaliation for its support for Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro. Report says Cuba’s oil production currently meets an estimated 40 per cent of its needs. State Department has given initial response to Congress ―… Judge shoots self in court after acquitting five murder… 73 killed in anti-government protests in Iraq North Korean and US negotiators meet to break nuclear… ALSO READ: North Korean and US negotiators meet to break nuclear stalemate in Sweden Almost all the rest has been supplied by Venezuela for years under a barter agreement for medical services. “Cuba, during the talks held as part of his visit, said that it would pay all its outstanding debts to Moscow. “The Soviet Union is no longer there, and Cuba is changing, and there’s no question about any free help which would then have to be written off. All our relations are very pragmatic. “Although they are friendly in nature and based on a historical past, they are nevertheless relations between modern states. They should be mutually beneficial. “Russia and Cuba have signed an agreement to renovate Cuba’s railway system and are also discussing the sale of Russian airplanes to Cuba,’’ Medvedev said. The prime minister added that Russia, the world’s largest wheat exporter, could deliver wheat to Cuba if needed. “Oil deliveries may be cut off, but if the United States makes a decision to ban food supplies or to put them under control, this is no laughing matter,” Medvedev said. (Reuters/NAN) How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!