Plateau State Governor, Simon Bako Lalong has sworn in Management Committee Chairmen for four Local Government Areas including elected Chairman of Langtang North local government Mr Laven Ubandoma of the People Democratic Party. Even as the People’s Democratic Party described the governor’s action as undemocratic and full-blown dictatorship gearing toward disenfranchising the people by denying them the right to elect their representatives. In his address during the swearing-in, Governor Lalong commended the outgoing Transition Chairmen for their service to their respective local government areas adding that their diligent service and conscious attempt to meet the yearnings and aspirations of the people at the grassroots was well acknowledged and appreciated. The Governor pointed out that local government elections were suspended in the affected council areas due to security challenges adding that the situation then, therefore, necessitated the setup of Management Committees to run the affairs of the Local Government areas, pending the improvement of security for elections to hold in these places. “With the security, situation improving, and as a good measure in the interest of the people, Government is working hard to ensure that elections are conducted in the affected Local Governments areas. While this is being done, we have reconstituted the Management Committees in line with the provisions of the law and in a bid to ensure smooth governance in those areas” he said. ALSO READ: Tambuwal administration is a failure —APC On the Lantang North Local Government, the governor said the elected Chairman Mr Laven Ubandoma could not be sworn in because of a subsisting court order adding that as a law-abiding government, it could not have gone against a lawful order of the court to swear him in. He said: “However, with the discontinuation of the suit by the petitioner, we no longer have any constraint inhibiting us from swearing in the declared winner of the election”. Budget of sustaining growth and job creation FG committed to achieving universal eye health    —Health… LASACO Assurance to raise N10bn aditional capital ahead of… Finance minister welcomes IMF report He implored both the appointed Chairmen as well as the elected Chairmen to remember that they are to hold the offices in trust and to deliver good governance to the people with the fear of God. Lalong pointed out that their activities will be closely monitored to ensure that it conforms to the three policy thrust of his administration, which borders on Peace, Security and Good Governance; Physical Infrastructural Development; and Sustainable Economic Rebirth. Governor Lalong, therefore, urged them to carry out their assignments with the highest sense of responsibility and not to compromise their positions for personal gains . ALSO READ:UNICEF, EU upgrade 7 health facilities in Adamawa In his vote of thanks, the elected chairman of Langtang North Mr Laven Ubandoma commended the governor for proving that he is a democrat and a lawyer who have respect for the rule of law and due process and promised to work for the upliftment of standard of living in his local government. But the leadership of the people’s Democratic Party,(PDP) in a swift reaction through its publicity secretary John Akans said the action is not only illegal but undemocratic and full-blown dictatorship gearing towards disfranchising the people. “As a party that believes in the rule of law and also that represents the interest and mandates of majority votes on the plateau, we are on this note sending a very strong words of caution to plateau state independent electoral commission (PLASIEC), APC and the state government that any undemocratic act of illegality and injustice will face appropriate resistance from the people of plateau state” It, therefore, adviced the Governor of plateau state, the leadership of both APC and PLASIEC to maintain the current peaceful and persevering nature of the people by doing what is morally, spiritually and politically right in accordance with the law and democratic principles. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!