The Mbayongo community in Taraba and Benue on Wednesday  petitioned the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), over the wanting killings and destruction of property worth millions of naira by the Nigeria Army and Air Force in the name of searching for a wanted criminal, Terwase Akwaza popularly known as Ghana. The community is also demanding for N3 billion compensation for the lives and property destroyed. This is  contained  in the petition by the secretary of the community Mr MacDonald Usaa and acknowledged by the NHRC which was made available to Nigerian Tribune. The community wondered why the Nigeria Army and Air Force who should be protecting the fundamental human rights of the people as guaranteed by the constitution of Nigeria would engage in wanton killing and destruction of property belonging to a defenseless community like Mbayongo. ALSO READ: Support the Nigerian Army in addressing its challenges — Army DAPR Poor funding of Auditor-General’s office instigates… Reps fault non-assent to electoral act amendment N2.28trillion deficit: BPE advocates privatisation of FG… Mother, child burnt to death, as petrol tanker explodes in… “In the wake of the sustained attacks by the armed forces on our communities, we and the vast majority of villages were these attacks have been concentrated have been completely overwhelmed and are now desolate and devastated as we have suffered wanting destruction of property and lives including. “The massive  burning down and general destruction of houses and homes, sundry household items, farms, crops, economic trees, vehicles, machinery, food stuff, schools among others as the armed forces do not exercise any care during these attacks. “The community is demanding monetary compensation of N3 billion only to the families of those killed in the raid to enable them to take care of the relations of victims. “We want also want the  commission to investigate the wanton killings as well as direct the federal government to rehabilitate the people and reconstruct their homes and farms destroyed. “Even though the no amount of compensation will be worth the lives, the commission  should direct the federal government to rehabilitate our people and reconstruct their homes and farms destroyed in the air and lands raids on our communities”, it reads. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!