The Fulani sociocultural organisation, Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore, has  apologised to Benue State governor, Samuel Ortom, over the attacks and killings of people of the state by herdsmen. National Secretary of the association, Saleh Alhassan, who spoke at the peace meeting held in Makurdi, the state capital, pledged to ensure peaceful coexistence  between farmers and herdsmen in the state. According to the Miyetti Allah scribe, “on behalf of this association, I apologise for the wrongs that we have done to you and the people of the state.” The Miyeitti Allah scribe  described Governor Ortom as a peace-loving man who stood firmly for the emancipation of his people. Allhasan gave assurance that members of the group would embrace the peace initiatives put forward by the governor. Nothern elder advises Igbo on how to clinch Presidency in… EFCC budgets N42.3m to rent offices How Orkar coup opened our eyes in the North — Adamu Fika Kano gov wades in on death of 8-year-old ALSO READ: Jubilation as Sokoto community gets water after two years Responding,  Governor Ortom explained  that the enactment of the Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law by Benue State government was  not targeted at anyone but to end the killing of innocent people. The governor further said that the law was to  encourage ranching as the global best practice of animal husbandry. Ortom stated that any person or ethnic group wishing to rear livestock in the state was free to come, acquire land and ranch according to provisions of the ranching law of the state. The governor noted that the Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law protects both farmers and livestock owners, adding that legislation was not meant to promote crisis of any kind. Chief Allen Onyema, Chairman of Air Peace Airline, who brokered the peace initiative, had earlier emphasised the need for peaceful coexistence between farmers and herders in Benue State.   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!