Wide jubilation took over the ancient city of Kano as the Kano state governorship election tribunal sitting at Miller road affirmed the incumbent governor of the state , Dr.Abdullahi Umar Ganduje as winner of March 23rd2019, thereby dismissed the petition filed by the candidate of People Democratic Party  (PDP). However, a watertight security was provided by security operatives who were deployed as early as 5 pm to all roads leading to Miller road, which included Murtala Muhammad road, Bompai, Hadejia, Club roads. Also, pressmen who were to cover the assignment were subjected to rigorous screening and most of them were prevented to have access into main court. ALSO READ:JUST IN: Obaseki sacks all his aides, special assistants Zulum approves N26m for Borno students in Saudi Land border will remain closed ― Ali tells NASS Don, others bag awards at MGS 40th anniversary Minimum wage: We can’t guarantee industrial peace… At the initial stage, pressmen because of unfavourable attitude of security operatives, resolved to boycott the court. However, after they were appealed to by the state chairman, Alhaji Abbas Ibrahim, they were later screened and allowed to enter the premises of the court , but most of them could not get access into main court hall. Findings revealed that the two political parties supporters have their die-hard stationed at every location not very far to the premise of the court, waiting to hear the outcome of the judgment of the tribunal. The Tribunal judge who arrived around 10 am , after reading her judgment which lasted for over four hours, kept many people on suspension as the premise of the court was lick and key, thereby prevented people inside the court to come out either to go to the toilet or get fresh air outside the court. However , immediately the Judge Justice Halima Shamaki announced her ruling by declared the candidate of All Progressive Congress  (APC)Dr. Ganduje winner of the election, a loud of Allah Akbar rented the air and many people took to streets to celebrate. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.