The Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika has assured that Akanu Ibiam International Airport would be one of the best airports in the country at the end of the reconstruction work soon to begin on the runway. Sirika who gave the assurance Tuesday during the Ministry’s budget defence before the House Committee on Aviation at the National Assembly, Abuja also promised that the airport would be reopened to traffic before Easter next year. The Committee Chairman, Honourable Nnolim Nnaji representing Nkanu East/West Federal Constituency, Enugu state had commended the Minister for his commitment to the Akanu Ibiam International Airport’s (AIIA’s) reconstruction project and inquired from him when the contractor would be mobilised to the site. ALSO READ: I’m concerned no one is willing to be Sowore’s surety ― Judge OCP joins World Business Council for sustainable development Buhari, Putin to strengthen Nigeria-Russia relations Nigeria ranks highest among countries with burden of sickle… UPDATE: FEC okays April 18 as take-off date for new minimum… He also appealed to the Minister to extend the same commitment and tenacity he has so far deployed to the problems of Akanu Ibiam Airport to other airports in the country that require such intervention. Responding, the Minister disclosed that he had held meetings with the Minister of Finance and the Director-General of the Budget Office and that the money would soon be released so that the contractor could move to site. Sirika further stressed that he would move his office technically to Enugu when the reconstruction begins and as well urged the committee to equally support him by engaging in periodic visits to the airport to supervise the work. He further assured the House Committee on Aviation that he would deploy the same energy and resources he engaged in delivering the reconstruction of the Abuja Airport runway to replicate the feat in Enugu as soon as the fund is released. On the new terminal building, Captain Harika disclosed that it would be completed by the middle of 2020. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!