Ahead of the enforcement of the new International Maritime Organisation 2020 Low Sulphur Regulation (LSR), which will force shipping liners to comply and reduce their sulphur emissions by 85 per cent, many of the foreign shipping companies have started issuing notification to their customers in Nigeria, warning that the new fuel regime will push up cost of shipping as from December 1, 2019. In an electronic email sent out to its clients in Nigeria, leading French shipping liner, CMA-CGM stated that because the cost of the Very Low Sulphur Fuel Oil (VLSFO) is expected to be significantly higher than the present High Sulphur Fuel Oil (HSFO), CMA CGM will be implementing a new price reference for its short-term and long-term contracts from December 1, 2019. According to the electronic email, “To comply with the IMO regulation, sulphur in fuel oil must be reduced from 3.50 per cent to 0.50 per cent, in addition to the 0.10 per cent sulphur limit already effective in the Emission Control Areas (ECA). This aims to reduce the amount of sulphur oxide emissions and should have major health and environmental benefits globally, including improving air quality and reducing risks of acidification of the oceans. Order Naira Marley to remove red bag from dock, EFCC asks court Lagos waters record highest piracy attacks in 2019 Q3—IMB SOAN holds inaugural shipping expo in November Maritime insecurity: Regional collaboration without national… NPA disowns NPACP, says group not recognised by law “CMA CGM Group will be compliant with a mix of 3 solutions: using liquid natural gas-powered vessels, using advanced air quality systems onboard our vessels, and as the main solution, using compliant fuels with 0.50 per cent or 0.10 per cent sulphur. “The new IMO 2020 Low Sulphur Regulation will impact the global shipping industry and shipping costs are set to increase worldwide. “For short-term contracts of three months or shorter/ validity please be informed that a new monthly charge – Low Sulphur Surcharge (LSS) – will be applied on top of CMA CGM’s ocean freight charges, effective December  1, 2019. “For long-term contracts of more than three months’ validity, please be advised that VLSFO will replace HSFO as the price reference for the quarterly Bunker Adjustment Factor (BAF), effective January 1, 2020. The BAF is applied on top of the ocean freight charges and will still be revised on a quarterly basis with a one-month notice. Kindly note that the BAF quantum for reefer cargo will be 20 per cent higher than that of dry cargo for the same container size, with a minimum of USD25/TEU.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!