A former vice chairman of Epe local government area of Lagos State, Kenny Kadri-Edu, on Monday, asked the people of the state to be patient with the state governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu. She said the governor was committed to the development of the state, particularly construction and rehabilitation of roads. Kadri – Edu, who was also an aspirant for Lagos State House of Assembly, Epe, 2019 election, said the governor would deliver on the promises he made during the electioneering campaign. She described the governor as a man of God and a man of his words that was ready to ensure development in all facet of life in the state. Edo Govt plans total rebuild of Benin-Auchi Highway Recruitment: Bauchi Controller of Corrections flags off… 22 terror suspects arrested after attack on Indonesian… Retired law professor Kais Saied elected Tunisia’s 6th… The former vice chairman stated that the inclusion of more women and the youths in the present administration was a sign of honour on the part of the governor. She said the Sanwo-Olu had during the campaign promised to give women and youths in the state sense of belonging in his government, saying the move by the governor was a sign of an impressive person and man of honor She added that any government that is gender sensitive is one to be reckoned with and trusted to pilot the affairs of the state. Kadri – Edu however urged the people of the state to be hopeful of good service delivery as the present administration was poised to move the state forward.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!