A film exploring the life of a nationalist,  Sir Herbert Macaulay, has been selected for screening at the prestigious Joburg Film Festival. The film, ‘The Herbert Macaulay Affair’, is a classic take on the life and times of Macaulay, including his relationship with his wife, Caroline Pratt. Film director, award-winning Imoh Umoren disclosed to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Abuja. The Joburg film festival will be collaborating with DISCOP, the biggest market place for film enthusiasts and filmmakers in Africa to connect producers. NAN reports that films selected for the festival are eligible for awards, some adjudicated by a jury of international experts and the others judged by the audience. ‘The Herbert Macaulay Affair’ dives into Macaulay’s personal life, struggles and his historic love for Caroline Pratt, the daughter of an African Superintendent of Police he married in Dec. 1898. ALSO READ: Behind her mask set for Nigeria premiere in November, December The marriage came to an end in Aug. 1899 upon Caroline’s death during childbirth and Macaulay was reported to have vowed never to marry again. Macaulay, born Olayinka Herbert Samuel Heelas Badmus Macaulay on Nov. 14, 1864, was a Nigerian nationalist and politician, considered by many Nigerians as the founder of Nigerian nationalism. Macaulay was a strong opponent of many colonial policies, and in 1944, he co-founded the National Council of Nigeria and the Cameroons (NCNC) together with Nnamdi Azikiwe and became its president. The Herbert Macaulay Affair is written by Bisi Jamgbadi, with William Benson taking up the titular role. It also features Wale Macaulay, one of Herbert Macaulay’s grandsons, among its cast. Other stars include Kelechi Udegbe, Martha Ehinome Orhiere, Tubosun Ayedun, Sunday Afolabi and Mary Kowo. The film also casts international stars like Phillip Jarman, Stanley Matthews, as well as Obiora Maduegbuna and Lolo Eremie, among others. (Edited by Dorcas Jonah/Dada Ahmed. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!