THE Vice-President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, has said that the President Muhammadu Buhari administration will honestly and transparently resolve the request by labour for a salary increase for other levels of workers not affected in the implementation of the new national minimum wage. Osinbajo spoke on Thursday at a meeting with the new leadership of the Trade Union Congress (TUC), who paid him a courtesy visit at the Presidential Villa. The team was led by the new President of the union, Comrade Quadri Olaleye. Labour and Employment Minister, Dr Chris Ngige was also at the meeting. Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media & Publicity Office of the Vice President, Mr Laolu Akande, said Osinbajo Commended the labour leaders’ engagement with the Federal Government, saying, “your coming today indicates your willingness to work with the government. “You should consider the President as someone committed to the welfare of workers. One of the first things he did when we came in was to give States a series of bailouts to help repay backlog of salaries in several States.” The Vice President noted that the Buhari administration refused to ignore the situation, and instead provided different facilities including Paris club refunds and budget support loans to provide immediate succor to States. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/benue-ebonyi-boundary-dispute-osinbajo-meets-ortom-umahi-at-presidential-villa/ zero tolerance on maternal mortality has paid off ― Aisha… Gov Bello provides free stationeries for Kogi pupils,… NILDS, stakeholders applaud FG’s direct payment of… Buhari meets Ramaphosa, condemns attacks on Nigerians, other… On the contentious issue of salaries increase being demanded, Osinbajo observed that labour “must find ways to work with a government that is honest and wants to work to resolve the issue transparently. “Let us give ourselves room to negotiate properly. The President wants an honest, open process, we will be transparent and honest about it. Labour leaders should give us the benefit of the doubt,” he said. Besides, Prof Osinbajo assured the leaders that the federal ministers all have a mandate to ensure job creation opportunities while the government also works on creating an enabling environment for the private sector to create jobs. In his own contribution at the meeting, Dr Ngige disclosed that the new national minimum wage was already being paid by the Federal Government, noting that arrears would also be settled. He said the salary increase that labour is now asking for is a “Consequential Adjustment,” arising from the implementation of the new minimum wage. While the new minimum wage covered salary grade levels 6 and below, the adjustment being demanded now is for the salary increase of the other grade levels from 7 above. Earlier in his remarks, the TUC President called on the Federal Government to effect the salary increase while also urging the government to continue to deal with security matters in the country. The TUC delegation, speaking through the Union President, Olaleye also advised the Vice President “to remain focus on your constitutional duties,” telling him, “you have achieved more especially with the quarterly business forums you hold and you should not relent. Posterity will judge you fairly.” How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.