The Chairman, Senate Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters, Senator Michael Opeyemi Bamidele has felicitated with Chief Afe Babalola on his 90th birthday. Bamidele who incidentally represents Ekiti Central Senatorial District where Babalola hails from extolled his virtues and described the legal icon as an embodiment of remarkable legacies to Ekiti, the legal profession and humanity as a whole. In a statement he personally signed and made available to newsmen in Abuja on Monday, the lawmaker said Babalola even at the age of ninety had not looked back in giving back to the society through uplifting the downtrodden and purposeful leadership. Bamidele also identified the establishment of the world-class Afe Babalola University, (ABUAD) as one of the enduring legacies which the nonagenarian would long be remembered for. He also attributed his rise from a humble background to national recognition to hard work, dedication and grace of God. “Any keen reader of his enviable story in the last five decades or more, would of course readily admit that Chief Afe Babalola is a unique profile in the dramatic trajectory from grass to grace. ALSO READ: Board releases 2019/20 land allocation for cocoa farming in Cross River Board releases 2019/20 land allocation for cocoa farming in… NBA calls for restraint, respect for rule of law over… Abaribe condemns purported impeachment of Kogi deputy… Breast cancer survivor advocates more enlightenment on the… ” ‘Aare’ is an ebullient and iconic personality who did not have the childhood luxury of being born with a silver spoon. He does not even fall in the category of those young men who had fortune smiling on them on a platter of gold. “But, today, he is a highly respected professional giant, an award-winning technocrat, a renowned legal luminary, a successful business mogul, a superb elder statesman, a revered community leader, a compassionate and unrelenting philanthropist and, above all, a life coach and mentor to many accomplished gentlemen and ladies of repute,” he said. Bamidele urged the generation of younger Nigerians to emulate the resilience and industry of Babalola which he said enabled him to conquer his environment. “Over the years, by dint of hard work, professional focus and consistency as well as a very unique style of service delivery, Chief Afe Babalola rose to national prominence and became a household phenomenon in the nation’s justice sector, having, at various times, served as an indefatigable and most brilliant legal consultant to the Federal and State Governments, Political juggernauts, Corporate bodies and several Royal Families across the nation for the settlement of sundry legal and constitutional disputes of national and international pedigree. ” At a prime age of ninety, Aare Afe Babalola remains a great pride and an illustrious ambassador of the people of Ekiti State, the Yoruba people of the South West and Nigeria as a whole. He went further saying “I join millions of Nigerians to celebrate his 90th Birthday Anniversary as well as Ten years of monumental and unprecedented achievements of the prestigious Afe Babalola University (ABUAD) today, I also profoundly felicitate with this Icon and profusely thank him for making us proud in Ekiti State.” He prayed to God to keep Chief Babalola for the entire human race to continue to tap from his wealth of knowledge and wisdom. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!