WIFE  of the Lagos State governor, Dr Ibijoke Sanwo-Olu, has promised to support the 2019 edition of Yoruba Films and Music Festival holding at the Blue Roof Pavilion, LTV 8, Agidingbi Ikeja from November 6 to 8. The convener, of the festival, Mr Omotayo Ogunlade, disclosed to Travelpulse&MICE after a courtesy visit to the first lady in her office in Lagos, recently that the governor’s wife is a cuture friendly person and would support anything that identifies, educates and promotes the culture of the people. Yoruba Films and Music Festival, one of the biggest platforms bringing stakeholders in the films and music industry and the public together for sociocultural entertainment, will this year showcase the best with different innovations lined up to thrill audience at the venue, Ogunlade said. When Ibadan Museum of Unity took antiquity preservation… FG pledges full support for AFRIMA as Nigeria hosts 2019… ANJET seminar: Olota of Otta, Olowo, Akinboboye, others task… ‘Nigeria our top source market for visitation globally’ You’re an animal, judge tells Chrisland School ex-supervisor,… Ogunlade said, “We have been working tiredlessly to connect all and sundry to see that we give the best at this year’s edition and this has taken us round the South-West to rally support to make the event bigger and better. “I am overwhelmed by the warmth reception accorded us by the first Lady of Lagos State as well as her commitment to grace the event as a person that sees culture from a broad angle. “Lagos State has been in the forefront of sociocultural advocacy as one of the topmost entertainment hubs in Africa and we on our part are trying to see that we promote contents that do not only align with the entertainment policy thrust of the state, but also do something that  will promote, celebrate and empower talent and encourage creativity because the next oil globally is the creative industry.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!