President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed sadness over the death of a mother and her child in an oil tanker accident in Onitsha, Anambra State. He called on the Ministry of Transport, the Federal Road Safety Commission and other stakeholders to ensure safety standards are adhered to by road users. He also expressed concerns that safety precautions and routine maintenance are taken for granted by road users. This was made known in a statement by the Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity, to the President, Garba Shehu. Recall that Tribune Online earlier reported that the incident claimed the lives of a mother and her son and left several others injured. Experts, groups want new NDDC board to supervise audit Reps query N127bn power budget allocation Again, fire guts Lagos Water Corporation in Onikan Convicted cyber fraudster not our student ― MAPOLY In reaction to the incident, President Buhari said: “I am profoundly touched by the sight of the charred remains of an innocent mother and her child who are victims of this tragedy. ALSO READ: Government media operating under lots of constraints ― Lai Mohammed “I also extend my sympathies to other victims of the explosion whose houses, shops and other property were destroyed in the mishap. “While I express sadness over this tragedy, I must at the same time call for urgent action on the part of those concerned to stem these frequent fatal disasters on public roads. “Safety precautions and routine maintenance are taken for granted by vehicle owners. “I call on the Ministry of Transport, the Federal Road Safety Commission and other stakeholders to urgently address the issue of safety standards in the country, with a view to stemming the embarrassing frequency of these tragedies,” the President added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....