The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kogi State has described the staged rally in Lokoja on Friday by the opposition, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as a show of shame. The party also took a swipe on the candidate of the PDP, Musa Wada, and described his dispositions and utterances as watery. Director General, APC campaign council, Senator Smart Adeyemi who made the statement on Friday on the sideline of the opposition flag-off campaign said in spite of the money spent to lure spectators to the rally, it was still poorly attended. He said: “The PDP flag-off today (Friday) was totally a show of shame. It is disheartening that despite bringing in people from other parts of the country, they could barely record 5000 people; making the 25,000 sitting capacity stadium look empty. “More disturbing is the position of the opposition candidate, Musa Wada who could not articulate his manifesto for the state. Benue killings: We are sorry, Miyetti Allah apologises on… How Orkar coup opened our eyes in the North — Adamu Fika Kano gov wades in on death of 8-year-old Ogun to introduce governor’s teachers’ excellence awards… ALSO READ: Kogi: APC begins campaign as Bello flags off construction of 5.6km Idah-Agenebode bridge “How shameful it is that the PDP candidate cannot reel out the party vision and mission for the state, neither can he bring to fore contemporary issues about the country; it is quite shameful. “There is nothing cerebral about their candidate and his disposition to critical issues has shown that he is not prepared for the office he’s gunning for. “We advised the PDP to recall their candidate, or on the alternative concede defeat; instead of deceiving Nigerian that they are participating in the election. “Their outing today (Friday) was totally a show of shame and demonstration of political naivety and exaggeration of their worth before the electorate.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!