For Osazee Moses Wilserhun, otherwise known as Weirdz, making good music has been his mainstay since he broke into the mainstream music industry with hit single Flush Posh. From that moment Weirdz had set his mind on the bigger picture as he followed up the first single with more popular tunes such as For How Long, Payday ft Morgan Deane, Vampire which went on to be his major breakthrough song as it gained massive airplay in the UK as well as Ireland. It didn’t take the versatile Afro reggae and dancehall artiste to register his names on the minds of music lovers and his brand of songs on the lips as they have never stopped asking for more from their music star. The Irish national from Nigerian parents, who started his musical career officially in 2009 is now back with another track for his fans, particularly the ladies, which he called Play You. ALSO READ: FRSC returns N119,000, valuables to victims of auto crash Kwara seeks FG’s special intervention over ecological… Nigeria records investment announcement of $9.29 in Q3 ―… Sex for grade: TUC seeks death penalty for abuse of young… Stop political agitations on Delta 2023, PDP chieftain… With Play You now topping iTunes Nigerian chart, Weirdz promised his fans more songs and visuals as he hopes to keep progressing. He teamed up with Nigeria’s king of R and B and pop star, Ayo Jay to deliver a new song that has already caught the attention of many music lovers within and outside the country. Produced by popular music producer, Young D, Weirdz described the new music as a song for all ladies, calling on all his fans to throw their weight behind his new project as they have always done. Speaking on what inspired Play You, the Vampire crooner said making beautiful and relatable songs have always been his guide, adding that he keeps getting better with a new project. On why he worked with Ayo Jay on the song, Weirdz described the collaboration as “awesome”, saying working with the talented R and B and pop star added a new vibe that would meet the expectations of his fans. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!