He’s fetish and runs after anything in skirt. He even dates and sleeps with women much older than him. My lord, I’m ill, losing weight and gradually dying because he has constantly infected me with diverse sexually transmitted diseases. In addition to this is my menstrual period which has never ceased to flow.” “She’s not better. She uses a particular drug in secret. I incidentally came across the container and discovered on reading it that it was meant for abortion. She’s ill and lean because she regularly aborts her lovers’ pregnancies.” Fatimo Alimi had dragged her husband, Wasiu Alimi to Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, praying that it end their nineteen-year-old relationship. Fatimo alleged that her husband was troublesome, uncaring and fetish. She added that he was a womaniser and has infected her with STDs thereby placing her on a death row. The plaintiff, therefore, further appealed to the court to grant her custody of their four children which according to her, Wasiu has no time for. Wasiu when the suits were read to him refused to accede to divorce. Farmers, architects, hairdressers have sex more than people with other jobs, research finds “I stand before this honourable court, pleading that it stopped my marriage to my husband before I die a miserable death. “My 19 years sojourn in our marriage has brought me nothing but sorrow and regret. The only thing that gives me joy is our children. “Wasiu is a troublesome man who feels fulfilled beating and embarrassing me always. “My husband is diabolic and terrorises me with different fetish objects he keeps in the house.  Any time we quarrel, he will threaten to harm me with them. “Worse is his immoral lifestyle. My lord, I stand before you today as a living corpse as a result of my husband’s unfaithful act towards me. “Wasiu dates and sleeps with different women. His favourite are women older than him. He brings these women home, beat and embarrasses me in their presence while some of them come to mock and fight me. “Wasiu abandoned his duty towards me and our children. He has stopped been the breadwinner and shows no interest in our welfare but to my chagrin, he went as far as building a house for one of his lovers, “she stated. “My wife got married to me carrying another  man’s two weeks… She’s weird, overpowers me when we fight, threatens me with… ‘He collected N100,000 from me, but refused to give me her… My husband spends his fortune on women, have sex with them… “My lord, my husband has infected me with STDs and he’s gradually sending me to my early grave. I have virginal discharge and offensive odour from my private part while my menstrual period flows ceaselessly. “Apart from losing strength, I also experience constant general body weakness. On some occasions, I feel like fainting, but he’s not just touched by my plight, “Fatimo added. “I stopped having sex with my husband because I noticed that any time I did, I would fall sick. I came to the conclusion that this was as a result of his fetish practice. There was a night he fought me for refusing  him sex. He beat me blue black and strangled me. He didn’t let go until I started foaming in the mouth.  I knew nothing else after this. I came round later in the hospital but Wasiu was unrepentant and showed me no care throughout the time I was on admission and even after I was discharged. “My lord, if Wasiu succeeds in sending me to my early grave our children, whom he has always neglected, will suffer. “I, therefore, earnestly plead for divorce and custody of our children, “she concluded. “My lord, all the accusation Fatimo leveled against me is not true. Her plan is to paint me black before this court. But despite this, I declare before this honourable court today that I’m not ready to divorce her. “My lord, I take care of Fatimo and our children to the best of my ability. They lack nothing. “Again, there was never a time I strangled her and failed to release her even when she was foaming in the mouth. I’m a gentleman and can’t hurt an ant,” Wasiu said. “My lord, Fatimo accused me of infidelity but she’s not better. She has been using for long a particular drug in secret. I came across the container of the drug where she displayed it carelessly and I read what was written on it. I discovered it was used for abortion which explains her lean appearance. “Fatimo has not been faithful to me. She has strings of lovers and one in particular was always coming to check on her while she was on admission in the hospital. “My lord, it’s unfortunate that her father is not in court today, he would have testified to this. He couldn’t come to terms with the fact that his daughter is engaged in extra-marital affair. “My parents and hers had mediated in our issue but she has refused that peace reign,” he said. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Ademoala Odunade, dissolved their union and granted custody of their children to the plaintiff. The defendant was ordered to be responsible for the upkeep of their children. He was mandated to give the plaintiff N20, 000 monthly through the court as their children’s feeding allowance. He was also to be in charge of their education and health care.ax SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....