The Chief of Staff to the Governor of Ekiti State, Honourable Biodun Omoleye has decried as a worrisome rate of youth involvement in all sorts of social vices across the country. Omoleye urged them to shun all engagement in drug abuse, drug peddling and their quest to leave the country through illegal means. He, however, implored them, to channel their energy at innovative things, capable of positioning them as the true leaders of tomorrow and contribute to national development. According to a statement by his Information Officer, Damilola Olatunbosun, the Chief of Staff stated this while receiving award of recognition from the executive arm of the African Students Union Parliament(ASUP) in his office in Ado Ekiti. ALSO READ: Lagos govt charges women on implementation of state’s agenda IPPIS: ASUU, Accountant-General trade blame over October 31… Senate kicks against allocation of N600 million to… 2020 budget: Senators, reps commend Registrar as JAMB remits… Assault: He must sleep in cell before accepting his apology… “I am so honoured, that you have come all the way to recognize me, I will not disappoint you, I will continue to support meaningful youth developments and continually dedicate myself to the advancement of those ideals that you represent. “I want to advise as youths to always look at how you will contribute to the development of the state and the country at large by bringing innovative ideas. Stop engaging in vices that are detrimental to your lives,” he said. Earlier, the Speaker of ASUP, Hon. Solomon Mensah described the awardee as a worthy youth mobilizer whose antecedents in the course of youth emancipation cannot be overemphasized. Mensah explained that the PAN African distinguished leadership citation is usually conferred on individuals who lived an examplary and selfless life dedicated to promoting strong moral values in the society. According to him, ” Such personality must have demonstrated strong family life, promoted international harmony, committed to a renewed PAN african ideology and be a responsible media personality. “A PAN Africanist constitutes the fulfilment of the hope of all ages, a unified African of peace entrenched in the harmonization of both spiritual and material dimensions.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!