Kano State Governor, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said in an effort to curtail and prevent people from contracting malaria, the state government has concluded plan to distribute free 8.4 million mosquito nets, across all the 44 local government areas of the state. Disclosing this on Sunday at the flag-off distribution of free Long-Lasting Insecticidal Nets at Bichi Emirate council, the governor urged the people to always take cover from mosquitos that spread malaria by using their nets regularly. The Governor who was represented by the Secretary to the State Government, Alh. Usman Ali said Government is taking every measure to safeguard the lives and property of its teaming populace by providing genuine and quality drugs in government-owned hospitals, renovating and upgrading of both secondary and primary health facilities, recruitment and training of health workers among other interventions. He then commended the contributions and collaboration with the donor agencies in the state which he described as a right step in the right direction and hope the trends would be sustained for speedy development. ALSO READ: Ekiti HoS laments poor writing, communication skills among public officers BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… However ,the  minister for health Dr Osagie Ehanire represented by the Director clinical Services Dala Orthopedic hospital Dr A M Waziri said kano is one of the six states for this mass replacement campaigns in 2019, adding that the campaign across the 6 states is aimed at delivering over 25 million LLINs to beneficiaries in the country with support from Global Fund to fight AIDs, Tuberculosis and Malaria. The minister expressed appreciation for the sterling leadership style, commitment and support by the state government in the effort to eliminate malaria and improve the health of the people in the state. Earlier in his speech, the permanent secretary ministry of health, Alh Usman Bala Mohammad, commended the state government for giving the health sector topmost priority attention its deserved and restated health workers zeal and commitment to ensure the successful conduct of this exercise across the state. Speaking on the occasion, the  Emir of Bichi Alh Aminu Ado Bayero charged parents and other well-meaning individuals to complement government efforts by using this nets every night and reports to the hospital whenever they are sick for emergency help. He then commended the present administration for upgrading and renovating Bichi hospital, just as he requested for more government intervention in the area. Others that graced the occasion are the Emir of karaye, Dr Ibrahim Abubakar ll, representatives of the emirates council of Gaya, Rano and kano as well the Managing  Director Society for Health, representatives of WHO, CRS among others. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!