Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has said payment of counterpart funds by his administration would facilitate the transformation of basic education in the state. The governor disclosed this in Ido-Ekiti while commissioning a block of six classrooms at Ekiti Parapo College as part of activities marking the first anniversary of his administration in office. Fayemi, who was represented by his Deputy, Otunba Bisi Egbeyemi, disclosed that payment of N4 billion counterpart funds to the Universal Basic Education Commission (UBEC) will change the face of basic education in the state. According to a statement by the Special Assistant (Media) to the Deputy Governor, Odunayo Ogunmola, other projects commissioned were a police station in Igogo Ekiti, Town Halls in Obada Ekiti and Isan Ekiti. The Governor disclosed that basic education experienced hitches after his first tenure when the succeeding administration did not pay UBEC counterpart funds for 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017. “In 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, no counterpart fund was laid to the Federal Government so we could not access money to build schools. ALSO READ: I was treated like common criminal, I’m still deputy governor ― Achuba Stop Isiguzo from parading himself as NUJ president, Odusile… Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… “But when Fayemi came, he paid all the arrears of counterpart funds and before the year runs out, we will give out contracts.” The Governor promised that competent local contractors would be engaged to execute the jobs to boost the economy in the grassroots. Fayemi further urged people in the communities to always monitor projects in their domains and take ownership of them to prevent vandalism. The chairman of the State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Prof. Francisca Aladejana, disclosed that over 300 schools are being rehabilitated to provide an environment conducive to learning. She said: “We are touching over 300 schools in Ekiti state; apart from renovation, we are building fences and providing new buildings. “We now have money because the Governor has paid N4 billion counterpart funds to UBEC in Abuja.” The Ekiti SUBEB boss pointed out that education is now free in the state and it is now an offence for parents to keep their wards at home during school hours. She said the Fayemi administration is paying teachers salaries up to date, providing instructional materials, furniture and other facilities to motivate teachers and pupils. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!