At least four people were arrested in Ikare Akoko in Akoko North-East Local Government Area of Ondo state, in connection with the sales of cow-meat struck to dead by lightening in the area. An official of the Environmental services in Ikare Akoko, Mrs.Yemisi Adeniyi, who confirmed this, said the four suspects had been handed over to the security operatives in the area. She said the officials are still on the heels of the some of the herdsmen who sold the dead meat to some of the butchers in Ikare Akoko. She said the development led to the closure of some markets in the town while the sales of cow meat was restricted in all markets within Akoko area. She cautioned the people of Akoko area against buying cow meat in the next few days saying the meat was traditionally and medically not good for consumption She said Environmental Health Services in the whole of Akoko had reached an agreement to suspend the sales of meat in the markets until the incident is addressed. He said ” It was the environment officers that discovered that the Fulani boys were selling the contaminated cows to the butchers and reported to us. PDP dead, soon to be forgotten in Kogi central ― Ohere Court remands Maina’s son in police custody, adjourns till… NUJ NASS chapel honours SSA media and publicity to Gombe Gov Alleged pension scam: Court remands Maina in prison “About four butchers have been arrested and one herder on the matter. We will charge them to court after the completion of our investigation.” Tribune Online, however, observed that there was a very low patronage for cow meat sellers as a result of the incident. Meanwhile, the state chairman of the Maiyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association,( MACBAN) Alhaji Garuba Bello, said he had not been briefed about the incident but said he had been calling the leadership of the group in the area to confirm. He said ” I have been calling their (MACBAN) chairman in Ikare Akoko, to know what happened, but his line was not going through” ALSO READ: PDP dead, soon to be forgotten in Kogi central ― Ohere All efforts to speak the State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Mr Femi Joseph, were not successful but a police officer confirmed that four people had been arrested in connection with the incident but said the investigation had commenced into the matter He confirmed that four butchers and one herdsman had been arraigned and remanded by an Ikare Akoko Chief Magistrate Court for buying and selling the contaminated cows to the public without health workers’ approval Eight cows were struck dead by lightning in Ikare Akoko on Wednesday while the herdsmen prepared the cows and offered for sale to butchers in the area. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!