As the National Art Festival (NAFEST) set to boost the sociocultural landscape of the people of Edo State,  the Director-General, National Council for Arts and Culture,  Otunba Segun Runsewe, has said that the event is expected to rally over 500,000 visitors and tourists to impact on the people and state economy. The NCAC boss made the statement while chatting with journalists at the Oba Akenzua Culture Center, Benin,  said this year’s edition is a leap from what it used to be as he promised to you every day of the event to tell the people’s beautiful cultural story to the world. “This year’s edition coincided with the third coronation anniversary of the Oba of Benin and it shows the uniqueness of the event not only as a celebration of people culture alone, but also the richness and blend of their coexistence. “We will be going to the palace to celebrate with the people and to show them the importance of culture and to also tell them that we appreciate their culture by showing them the revere value culture holds in uniting people. Stop Isiguzo from parading himself as NUJ president, Odusile… Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… ALSO READ: Ekiti promises more welfare packages for indigent citizens “we will be expecting thousands of people from within and outside and we want the host community to join hands with the government and the royalty to give them that uncommon warmth of accommodation that the Edo State and the people are known for.” “As you are all aware,  NAFEST started 1970 after the civil war and since then we have been using the festival to heal and strengthen the people. So we are here in Edo State to use NAFEST to empower the people by creating jobs through difference entrepreneurship skills. The DG NCAC, who was not economical with information said “it is important to let you know that hotels and service accommodation in and around Benin are fully booked and that shows you the power of NAFEST as a cultural tourism content that changes the economy of the people in a space of one week.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!