Gunmen, on Thursday, abducted six female students and two teachers from a private secondary school in Kaduna State. As gathered, the gunmen invaded the school through a broken fence Thursday morning, and went into the female hostel, where six of them were abducted. Likewise, information had it that two teachers residing inside the school compound were kidnapped alongside the students by the armed invaders. The whereabouts of the victims are not known yet. The Police  Public Relations Officer (PPRO)  of the State Police Command, Mr Yakubu Sabo, confirmed the incident to Tribune Online in a telephone conversation. Oyo MMPN holds conference, inaugurates officers Ilorin community builds ‘world-class’ Islamic library Worker’s salary increase: Buhari is ready for honest,… zero tolerance on maternal mortality has paid off ― Aisha… He said the incident to the media, saying it took place at Kakau Daji, a village located behind the Kaduna Refining and Petrochemicals Company (KRPC) in Chikun Local Government Area of the state. Also, in a press statement later released, a copy of which was sent to Tribune Online,  Sabo called on all the private school proprietors within the state to liaise with their nearest Police formation and promptly report incidents or suspicious persons around schools to forestall future occurrence of ugly incidents. The statement reads: “The Command received an information through DPO Tall Gate, in the early hours of today 03/10/2019 at about 0310hrs that, some armed men gained entry into the Engravers College, a Boarding secondary school in a remote area near Kakau Daji village in Chikun L.G.A and took away two staff of the college and six (6) female students to unknown destination. “On receipt of that information, the Command immediately mobilized combined teams of Anti-kidnapping, SARS, and conventional police to the area for possible rescue of the victims and arresting the perpetrators of the unfortunate incident. IGP’s Intelligent Respond team (IRT) has been contacted for technical support. “The Command therefore, is using this opportunity to reiterate its call on all the private school proprietors within the State to liaise with their nearest Police formation and promptly report incidents or suspicious persons around schools to forestall future occurrence of ugly incidents. “On this note, the Commissioner of Police Kaduna State Command CP Ali Aji Janga pcs is assuring the general public that, the Command is doing everything possible to secure the release of all the victims unhurt. He equally called on the good people of the State not to relent in giving the Police prompt and useful information at all times.”  How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.