Organisers of the annual African Quality Achievement Awards,  African Quality Institute and World Quality Alliance have scheduled  Wednesday, October 23, this year, as the date for the2019 African Quality Achievement awards. The Awards, slated for Lagos Nigeria and is expected to have brand custodians and service providers from different parts of Africa, in attendance, is an annual event, aimed  at celebrating leadership innovation and creativity in quality management in the continent, Davido, Chioma welcome 1st baby in London Nigeria’s marketing communications industry needs indigenous… Foundation targets young school girls for entrepreneurship,… Why it took us 37 years  to come to Lagos  —CEO, FoodCo,… NB Plc, Access commence search for music talents According to the Secretary General Award Committee, Mrs. Ijeoma Emeka, the event is initiated by African Quality Institute in collaboration with World Quality Alliance, a global quality organization consultant with the support of chartered quality institute (UK) and pan African quality organization. “The quality journey is one that all organizations travel; whether consciously or unconsciously, under the title of quality of something else, all organizations use and need quality. “As competition and complexity of the global market grows, more organizations are embracing the need to think differently and inspire their employees. Some look to grow the number of tools and techniques at their disposal so that they may find solutions they seek,” she stated. Ijeoma added that the professional trade show will  give 360 view of quality assurance and top visibility to sweeping trends, innovations and an excellent networking opportunity for decision makers, innovation managers, and quality providers. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!