Edo government has commenced plans to take over the reconstruction of the Benin-Ekpoma-Auchi highway to put an end to years of the deplorable state of the road. Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo disclosed this after inspecting one of the 40 Edo City Transport Service (ECTS) buses refurbished by the state government at Government House in Benin on Monday. “We are in conversation with the Federal Government, I met with the minister of works last week and he assured me that remedial work will start this week on the Benin-Ekpoma-Auchi Road. “The minister has assured that some funding is available to progress work on the road. The Governor, who noted that the remedial work being done on the road was not good enough, said that the state government wanted a total rebuild of the road. Ex-council boss urges Lagosians to be patient with Sanwo-Olu Recruitment: Bauchi Controller of Corrections flags off… 22 terror suspects arrested after attack on Indonesian… Retired law professor Kais Saied elected Tunisia’s 6th… “We are exploring the possibility of requesting the Federal Government to give us the entire stretch of the road from Benin to Auchi, so we can raise funding to complete the work on the road. ALSO READ: University don advises FG to amend NBC rules “The road is a main artery in the state,  as it connects the three senatorial districts of the state, if we do not fix that road, it will have serious consequences on the economy of the state”. He said that the state was looking at the total rebuild of the road and fixing of the road in phases. “The road is a priority and we can fix the road in segments; starting with the Benin-Ekpoma axis, then the Ekpoma-Okpella axis, then the Okpella -Okene axis,” the governor said.(NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!