Federal Government on Friday in Abuja signed a 70M Euros additional financing bilateral agreement with the Republic of Germany on sustainable economic development, renewable energy, polio eradication, strengthening the resilience of internally-displaced persons and host communities in northern Nigeria, education, peace and security, amongst others. At the signing ceremony, Minister of State for Budget and National Planning, Prince Clem Ikanade Agba explained that the areas of intervention by the Government of Germany were in line with economic sustainability and inclusive growth espoused by the Government of Nigeria in the Economic and Recovery Growth Plan. Praising the efforts of the consultative meeting, which produced the agreement, Prince Agba said that it had provided a platform for a coordinated approach to economic cooperation between the countries. The forum also reviewed and strengthened the existing cooperation as well as discussed further on expansion of the cooperation between Nigeria and Germany. Ghana president, first lady thrilled at FOCOS charity for… Facebook removes coordinated fake accounts in Nigeria, UAE,… Facebook launches Threads from Instagram, new camera-first… Nigeria Customs Service explains reason for operation at… ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/who-unicef-partner-kwara-govt-on-tetanus-elimination/ The Minister, therefore, commended the German Government for its continuous support and commitment to the development of the Nigerian nation since the 1960s. Speaking on behalf of the Government of Germany, leader of the delegation and head of the German Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ), Mr Christoph Raul maintained that Germany is pleased with efforts of the present government at growing the economy. He further stated that the Republic of Germany had partnered the country in her march towards polio eradication which had led to three years of absence of the wild poliovirus, and further expressed the commitment of the German government to achieve its economic policies. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.