President  Muhammadu Buhari and President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan in their separate remarks on Tuesday passed damning verdict on the performance of the nation revenue collection agencies. The duo expressed their determination to ensure better efficiency in the operations of the nation’s revenue collection agencies. President Buhari while presenting his 2020 Budget estimates to a joint session of the national assembly, said: “It is absolutely essential to intensify our revenue generation efforts.” President Buhari further revealed that accompanying his 2020 Budget Proposal was a draft Finance Bill for the consideration and passage into law by the national assembly. One of the five objectives of the Finance Bill was to raise revenue for the federal government. Besides the review of the laws guiding the revenue collection agencies, Senator Lawan said the Public Procurement Act would also be reviewed to fast track effective and efficient implementation of the budget. He said: “The National Assembly will continue to review how our revenue generation, collection and remittance would be more effective and efficient. We, therefore, need to review the laws establishing the agencies responsible with a view to enhancing their capacity and capability. “The implementation of the Budget is as important and vital as the passage of the Bill, probably even more. Our Committees will work assiduously to undertake oversight to ensure proper and timely execution of the programmes and projects of Government. We need to ensure prudence, economy and value for money in the delivery of services to our people. ” Over the years, our public procurement process appears to be encumbered by a lengthy bidding process and inadequate mobilisation of funds, amongst other limitations of the Public Procurement Act 2007, as amended. These tend to delay execution of Government programmes and projects, or even stalled achieving the execution at all. The National Assembly will fast track the amendment of the Act, to ensure effective and efficient implementation of our Budgets.” The President of the Senate restated the commitment of both chambers to return the nation to the January-December budget cycle. Towards this end, he called on the respective Ministries, Department and Agencies, MDAs to be ready to defend their respective budget for 2020 before the Committees of the Senate. Oyinlola mourns Ogunrinade, pioneer Osun PDP chairman Pirates kidnap 2 policemen, boatman in Rivers Rwanda launches ‘first made-in-Africa’… Taraba killing: Army BOI submits report, recommends… ALSO READ: Nigeria needs absolute press freedom to grow ― Adegboruwa “The public, as well as the private sectors need a reliable Budget cycle that is predictable, and reliable for planning and execution of their fiscal and financial policies and programmes. It is, therefore, necessary that the present cycle is changed to a January-December cycle. In this regard, the National Assembly, and the Executive must work together to ensure the realization of this important objective. “The National Assembly after the receipt of the Budget Estimates today will swing into swift action, to start work. Both Chambers of the National Assembly have constituted their Committees, we are, therefore, ready to start processing the Budget estimates. “The 9th National Assembly has shown capacity, commitment and willingness to treat legislative matters that will impact on the lives of our citizens with dispatch and every sense of urgency. This was clearly demonstrated last week, when we received, processed and passed the request of Mr President on the 2020-2022 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper (MTEF/FSP). “Your Excellency, the National Assembly will treat the 2020 Budget Estimates with the same commitment or even more. In our effort to pass the Budget, we will also be guided by the legislative requirement of thorough scrutiny. “Mr President, the National Assembly Committees are ready to receive the Honourable Ministers and other heads of government agencies for the defence of the Budget estimates of the various MDAs. In order for timely passage, all MDAs are expected to appear before the Committees for the defense of their Budget estimates within the month of October. We have earmarked the month of October to be the sole window for all Budget defence activities in this year, by all MDAs. “In this regard, our committees will be expected to conclude their work on Budget defence within October, this year. The subsequent necessary legislative work will be carried out in November and December, leading to eventual passage before the end of this year. “Recently, the Senate passed its Legislative Agenda and the House of Representatives will pass its Legislative Agenda soon. Though the agendas are separately treated, the objectives and goals are the same. At the heart of our agendas are the Nigerian people. Mr President, both the Legislature and the Executive have the same agenda – a commitment to taking Nigeria to the Next Level of development. “We all want to ensure that the Federal Government is better enabled to provide enhanced security for the protection of lives and property of Nigerians, an improved and revitalised economy, that is all-inclusive; able to create and sustain employment opportunities for our teeming youths; taking Nigerians out of poverty to prosperity and sustainable development. Mr President, we are all on the same page.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!