THERE was confusion at a popular new generation bank yesterday in Benin when a middle-aged man claimed to have lost his genitals reportedly stripped naked to three full clear of customers and workers. The incident which occurred in one of the branches on Sapele road saw the victim (name withheld) whose genitals had shrunk, weeping uncontrollably, disrupting banking services in the process for hours. It was gathered that the alleged theft of the manhood, attracted a crowd and panic among bank customers, some who put their hands in their pockets, untucked. A sale’s agent who simply identified herself as Gloria alleged that the customer’s genital disappeared after another bank customer who stood behind him in the queue in the bank, touched him. She said that the man accused of charming the distressed victim confronted the suspect, however, denied the accusation. The salesgirl who claimed to have witnessed the melodrama said that the suspect, however, admitted hypnotizing the victim after some youths in the area held him and began to beat him, an action which prompted him to confess to the crime. She said that the suspect pleaded with the mob to spare his life with a promise to restore the male organ. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/court-remands-2-friends-for-unlawful-possession-of-cannabis/ Spirited attempts by the management of the bank to intervene fell on deaf ears as the irate youths insisted that his plea for mitigation was an afterthought by the hypnotist to escape justice. The arrival of police operatives however restored normalcy to the scene, according to her. Ghana president, first lady thrilled at FOCOS charity for… Facebook removes coordinated fake accounts in Nigeria, UAE,… Facebook launches Threads from Instagram, new camera-first… Nigeria Customs Service explains reason for operation at… She said: “The armed policemen came in a van and dispersed the crowd. They (policemen) prevented jungle justice and breakdown of law and order at the bank premises. “The man who lost his manhood was not even ashamed, everybody was just looking. The thing became flat. “The bank staff and everybody including passersby were just watching the show. It was a pitiable sight.” But, a shop owner beside the bank who craved for anonymity, said she initially thought it was a minor argument until the victim “started fighting one man at the premises”. The Edo State Police spokesman, Mr Chidi Nwanbuzor said the police had no choice but to intervene to avert a breakdown of law and order. Nwanbuzor, a deputy superintendent of police who spoke in a telephone interview said that cases of voodoo are not known by law. “The arrest by the police was just to ensure that there was the maintenance of law and order in the bank. The case of somebody penis disappearing is not known to law. “How do you know who is responsible for the disappearance of the penis?” he asked. Also, a top policeman who was at the scene confirmed the incident. He said the victim and the suspect have been arrested for further interrogation How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.