“The troop commanded by Akinrinade was well educated, disciplined, courageous and polite.”  THIS was how American diplomatic dispatch of 1968 partly summed up its take on the four year Nigerian civil war. The document was declassified earlier in the year 2019.  Like most others, the war was signposted by vicious carnage and, according to the Americans, quantum importation of foreign mercenaries paid to inflict maximum pain and death. Alani Ipoola Akinrinade, then a lieutenant, was 30. Akinrinade, as a Major in the Nigerian Army, commanded the 6th Brigade. The brigade played a decisive role in October 1967 Midwest campaign. He had a second in command in an older Tiv officer. The men of this command were mostly Yoruba, Tiv and Ijaw. Very instructively, 50 years down the line in April 2017, General Akinrinade [retd] lampooned the war in these unsparing words: “The Igbo felt at that time that nobody wanted them…..If we want to tell the truth, there was a reason for the Igbo to secede. They had good reasons. Maybe if all of us were not so angry, we would have sat down and soothed them and done something better than Aburi, which could have been acceptable to all of us. Everything was done out of bad faith on both sides. We were damn unreasonable” This obviously scathing commentary on the war by no less a personality as one who was not only a direct witness to it, but also an active participant at the battlefield disturbed many calm waters across the nation. But then that is General Akinrinade. He was never reluctant to chest salvo. He will not likewise hesitate to deploy one. Even as he turns 80 on October 3rd 2019, he swallows bullets as much as he spits fire: 51 years ago in 1968, he twice walked out on his superiors at the battlefield on account of his disagreements with their military campaign tactics which he either considered disastrous or too brazingly suicidal.  In the early part of the war, then Col. Murtala Muhammed [now late] had a bitter taste of Akinrinade’s combustive side. The latter was the former’s subordinate. Lieutenant Colonel Akinrinade was Commanding Officer, Sixth Brigade, Nigerian Army Second Division headed by Colonel Muhammed. Twice Muhammed ordered his troops on operation across Niger Bridge under different commanders. On both occasions, the mission ended in spiraling disaster. Akinrinade queried Muhammed’s strategy. So when Muhammed attempted to have him lead a third move on the bridge, Akinrinade refused and left. Even at the Third Marine Commando Division led by the then Colonel Benjamin Adekunle that received Akinriande after his face off with Muhammed, quarrel over tactics split Akinrinade and his boss, Adekunle. As commander Sector Two, Akinrinade led successful operation in Aba and Owerri. Later, Akinrinade left and only returned when Obasanjo took over the command. Akinrinade is known to have saved hundreds of unarmed civilians from rampaging soldiers in Asaba axis and elsewhere. A case in point was his life saving engagement at St Patrick College Asaba where he effectively protected staff and refugees. It is obvious that Akinrinade’s primary preoccupation during the war was to help bring the “senseless” engagement to an end as quickly as possible. This was the recurring decimal in all his actions at the battlefield. The eventual end of the war featured prominently Akinrinade’s hands. It was actually the duo of Akinrinade who was then General Staff Officer One, 3 MCD and Major S. Tomoye, then Commanding Officer, 17 BDE who led others to Amichi to meet General Phillip Effiong following surrender by Colonel Joe Achuzia. Contrary to widely held opinion which holds that Obasanjo deserves all the encomiums, he was only brought into the equation after Akinrinade sealed the deal. Bala Mohammed and the Fulani ethnic  nationality question Tribute to the People’s General, Akinrinade, at 80 Fayemi and the 2023 presidency debate ISDGs will help in budget monitoring, evaluation —Agba Born on October 3, 1939 at the rustic agrarian rural Yakoyo community in Ile Ife, Osun State, he attended Offa Grammar School for his secondary education. Before then he did his standard school stage in his local Origbo division of Ife where his exceptional brilliance saw him enjoying double promotion twice as he skipped Standard two and Standard four.  He thereafter took appointment with the ministry of agriculture in the Western Region before joining the military. He trained at the Royal Nigeria Military Forces Training College in Kaduna in April 1960. He proceeded to the prestigious Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in the United Kingdom. He was subsequently commissioned as second lieutenant in the Infantry Corps on 20th December 1962. He joined the military same day with the likes of General Theophilus Yakubu Danjuma, Brigadier David Bamigboye, Brigadier General Alabi Isama and Major General Emmanuel Abisoye among other notables. By the time the Nigerian civil war broke in 1967, Akinrinade was lieutenant Colonel. He got deployed as Commanding Officer, Sixth Brigade, Nigerian Army Second Division under Colonel Murtala Muhammed.When in 1979, the military withdrew to the barracks paving the way for civilian rule, a host of Akinrinade colleagues were retired in what many saw as consequence of their political contamination, having either participated in coups or benefited from military incursions into government. A fine officer and gentleman, Akinrinade was never for once soiled by antidemocratic tendencies even at a time military bloody intervention in governance were two for a penny across the African continent. Akinrinade enjoyed the rare privilege of being the only member of the then Supreme Military Council left behind to help stabilize the nascent civilian regime of Alhaji Shehu Shagari. He served as Chief of Staff. Then as Chief of Defence Staff. He voluntarily retired on 2nd October, 1981 to embrace large scale farming, his first love. He was called out of retirement by General Ibrahim Babangida to serve as Minister of Agriculture, Water Resources and Rural Development and later as Industries Minister and then Transport in 1989.His love for popular rule, fairness, justice and equality saw him dumping the military President the moment Babangida dealt mortal blow on democracy by annulling the nation’s freest presidential election won by late multimillionaire philanthropist, Moshood Abiola. The fighter in Akinrinade took charge as he joined forces with democracy agitators in the country. He became one of the most enduring, rallying personalities in the National Democratic Coalition (NADECO). His stridently stinging battle cry inflamed discomfort in the gang against democracy. His Opebi Lagos home was bombed. He sought refuge in exile. In NADECO, Akinrinade shared action and vision in the struggle with all time giants like late Pa Abraham Adesanya, Uncle Bola Ige of blessed memory, Pa Ayo Adebayo et al. Once again the advent of the ongoing democratic experiment in 1998 saw Akinrinade in dispute with NADECO leadership over whether or not the group should partake in the transition programme being midwifed by the departing military brass hats. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.