“There is no doubt that it is now a global reality that interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary approach is the way to go in our research if we are to make the impact that would be meaningful and a breakthrough that would be lasting.” These were the words of Professor Kayode Adebowale, the deputy vice chancellor, (Administration) University of Ibadan to scholars who gathered at the three-day international conference held from September 23 to 26, 2019, sponsored by Alexander von Humboldt Foundation. ALSO READ: Provision of quality education, major priority — Sanwo-Olu Speaking further, Professor Adebowale stated that the conference was an enormous opportunity to aggregate knowledge in the way of interdisciplinary insight where ethical skills, consultative styles, strategic communication in therapeutic delivery and diverse communication skills in medical negotiations are taught. Declaring the conference open on behalf of the vice chancellor, Professor Abel Idowu Olayinka, Professor Adebowale noted that the vice chancellor, also a Humboldt fellow, was excited about what the foundation is doing saying, “the German embassy in Nigeria has been very supportive of academic programmes as their presence is felt, particularly in conferences that have been hosted by UI.” He disclosed that UI now has a humanistic medical laboratory that is being facilitated by the grant won by Professor Akin Odebunmi, president, Nigerian Pragmatics Association (NprA)-cum- convener of the conference. World Teachers’ Day: Provost blames teachers’ truancy on… Korea hands over $15m ultramodern school to FCTA I’ll train all my students to become innovators  — Precious… Crescent University simulates Iwe Irohin “We find this collaboration very commendable,” he said. The conveyer, Professor Akin Odebunmi, while speaking about what led to the organization of the international conference, said both linguists and physicians have a lot to take from each other. “My research in medical discourse, spanning about two decades of consistent search in the linguistic relationship between doctors and patients, has revealed that while both linguists and physicians have a lot to take from each other, they have rarely mutually tapped into the resources available in both disciplines,” he noted. While speaking on the theme of the conference, ‘Healing Tongue: Therapeutic Potential of Negotiative Communication in Patient-centred Consultative Encounters’, Odebunmi said: “Healing tongues” is the use of linguistic skills in the therapeutic process. He said, “These skills are not the same as the routine deployment of language by doctors for clerking and prescriptive purposes. They refer to the strategic selections of locutions, concepts, narratives, common grounds, pragmatic acts and implicatures which tactfully co-opt and commit the patient (in)to the diagnostic and therapeutic processes, and consequently ensure compliance with doctors’ recommendations and facilitate mutually designed therapy plans by doctors and patients.” He lauded the Humboldt Foundation for launching him into research excellence in Germany and for granting him the Kolleg award which he said constituted a peak in his career as a scholar in medical pragmatics. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.