Lagos Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) said it has engaged the services of 20 physically challenged persons as sweepers of pedestrian bridges across the state, adding that plans were underway to employ more at a later date. Managing Director of the authority, Dr Muyiwa Gbadegesin, said this in a statement made available to newsmen, adding that LAWMA had stepped up its drive to rid the state of waste and it became necessary to engage all stakeholders, including physically challenged persons. According to him, the authority took the decision based on its desire to empowering physically-challenged persons in the state and integrating them into its vision of a cleaner and livable environment. “The cleanliness of the Lagos State is a collective responsibility. We need all hands to be on deck to help us realise our vision of building a cleaner city we all will be proud of. That is why we have decided to engage these special sweepers to play their own part in achieving this,” he said. ALSO READ:  Xenophobia: Another 400 Nigerians ready to leave South Africa ― Diaspora Commission Zulum approves N26m for Borno students in Saudi Land border will remain closed ― Ali tells NASS Don, others bag awards at MGS 40th anniversary Minimum wage: We can’t guarantee industrial peace… Gbadegesin pointed out that LAWMA had engaged the services of the disabled sweepers instead of leaving them to beg on the streets, adding that they would be assigned to clean various pedestrian bridges such as Ojota New Bridge, Alausa Secretariat Bridge, Ikeja-Along Bridge, CMS Bridge and a host of others. “We have mapped out pedestrian bridges where they will be operating such as Ojota New Bridge, Alausa Secretariat Bridge, Ikeja Along Bridge, CMS Bridge, Palmgrove bridge, Oshodi Oke bridge, Anthony Bus Stop and others. They will ensure that these locations are always cleaned up during the day,” he said. The LAWMA boss noted that 20 of them had been employed by the Authority with plans to scale it up, urging the sweepers to contribute their own quota towards establishing environmental sustainability in the State. While imploring residents to support the efforts of government at restoring environmental dignity, Gbadegesin maintained that the authority would not rest on its oars until effective sanitation was entrenched in every part of the metropolis. He, however, solicited the support and cooperation of all Lagosians in the onerous task, advising all residents to call LAWMA toll-free lines – 07080601020 and 617- for inquiries and complaints. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.