Senator Victor Umeh has described the launch of the second phase of Operation Kpochapu by Governor Willie Obiano as consolidation of security by APGA-led government in Anambra State. Senator Umeh who was speaking to journalists at Governor Obiano’s country home, Aguleri shortly after the event, stressed that APGA has continued to deliver on its promises since inception, assuring that the party will continue to advance. While commending Governor Obiano for his focus and determination to deliver on his campaign promises, the senator noted that the party remains the only hope for Ndi Anambra. Nigeria records investment announcement of $9.29 in Q3 ―… Sex for grade: TUC seeks death penalty for abuse of young… Stop political agitations on Delta 2023, PDP chieftain… Nigeria not a failed state ― Don ALSO READ: Buhari chief of staff proposes N13.5m on honorarium/sitting allowance Senator Umeh observed that Obiano’s security initiative will fast track development in all spheres of the state, pointing out that it is a reinvigoration of efforts towards making the state free from criminals, as it will aid in the sustenance of the present administration’s development strides. The member representing Orumba North and South Federal Constituency at the Federal  House of Representatives Chief Okwudili Ezenwankwo, stressed that the initiative will bring about zero crime to Anambra state, calling on other governors in the country to emulate Governor Obiano, as according to him, it will reduce President Mohammadu Buhari’s headache and workload in terms of security. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!