How aware are you, as a leader, of the perceived credibility of your leadership team, employees, partners and customers? As a leader, do you spend time in self-mastery, defining and refining the best you have to offer each day? Are you cognitive and intentional about your communications so that employee perception is aligned to your true self as a leader? Are you doing your best each day to keep in balance key resources so that there is excellence in your organization’s products and services? Are you able to uphold and deliver at any given moment the vision of the organization with consistency and pride? We all have worked in organizations where employee morale is low, there is limited collaboration amongst employees and teams, lack of pride in work accomplished, unfair work practices and a significant lack of trust in leadership. And most likely, if these situations exist, there is financial loss occurring within the organization. These scenarios are evidence of a lack of credibility in the leadership of the organization. Leaders are in a relations role, whereas their credibility can motivate, build and develop people to become powerful resources to support and sustain the mission and vision of an organization. A leader who is perceived by their employees and team as credible offers understanding through storytelling, role modeling, competence and is a person of consistent high integrity. There are four foundational principles that support how a leader builds credibility with the people who are critical to the organization’s vitality: self-mastery, integrity, communication and competence. Within each principle, there are key behaviors that a leader will need to practice consistently and model to gain the trust of these important stakeholders, build a culture of greatness and uphold her or his perceived integrity both internally and externally. Leaders can use this leadership credibility checklist to identify key behaviors and areas for continuous self-mastery and improvement. Leadership Credibility Checklist Place a checkmark next to each behavior you are currently great at demonstrating and realizing positive experiences. Place a minus symbol next to those areas you are currently not demonstrating great behavior. EFCC receives petition against Tinubu over bullion vans Self-mastery  Communication without communicating 5 key traits of great leaders 4 challenges leaders always face Leading on empty: How leaders drive their people to burnout Integrity  Communications  Competence Once a leader completes the leadership credibility checklist, it is vital to openly and honestly share this list with key stakeholders to receive “feed-forward” which will provide information to develop a system or plan of action for positive, lasting behavioral change that will result in higher credibility, respect, fairness and trust. Through demonstrating leadership credibility authentically, leaders will create the desired change that ignites the positive energy necessary for increased brand equity, higher productivity, stakeholder and customer satisfaction and, ultimately, profitability. Leadership credibility is an authentic and trusted formula for company success. Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!