The Catholic bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Rev. Paulinus Ezeokafor, has called on Christians world over to maintain absolute faith in God and remain steadfast in the face of persecution, sufferings, saying that God has never failed those who persevered. Bishop Ezeokafor who stated this at St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, Nibo, in Awka South Local Government Area of Anambra State on Sunday, during the 10th  Anniversary Celebration cum Fifty Million Naira Church Building Project of the parish, emphasised that God was aware of whatever situation they found themselves. He noted that he would continue to preach about God’s unfailing and undiluted love and kindness to His people, adding that he had witnessed God’s enduring mercy and compassion in his life and that of others. The Catholic prelate admonished Christians to always be patient with God whenever they found themselves in an unpalatable situation, exhorting them to disabuse their minds from questioning God’s decisions and actions. ‘Some of us are so impatience while asking God for a favour. We always want God to answer us immediately without knowing the reason behind the delay. We cannot coerce, hurry or compel God into doing anything for us. He knows what is good for us and will give us exactly that,” Bishop Ezeokafor said. ALSO READ: Ekiti promises more welfare packages for indigent citizens Stop Isiguzo from parading himself as NUJ president, Odusile… Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… Speaking on the celebration, the Bishop, enjoined the parishioners to invest heavily in Church by completing the Church building project which he said had lingered for too long, urging them to attend to the structure and other things needed to be done in the parish. “Today is your 10th-anniversary celebration. I congratulate you all. Now look around you and tell me if you are happy with the position of things in this parish. You need to come together and finish this Church building project. It has been like that for a very long time now. ‘Invest in the house of God and also support their local parishes materially and otherwise. Why you live and do your businesses in the cities try and remember home. Home parishes are begging for attention. Do something. Contribute your quota. Do not say you have no money. Let your name appear in the contributor’s list. Give whatever you have. God who sees in secret will reward you,” Bishop Ezeokafor appealed. For his part, the parish priest of St. Joseph’s Catholic Parish, Nibo, Rev. Fr. Paulus-Maria Okafor thanked the Bishop Ezeokafor for his fatherly and love, especially for helping them to mobilise for financial and material support, saying that the Bishop started the fundraising himself by donating towards the Church building project when he paid a Pastoral visit to the Parish on July 14th 2019. Speaking during the occasion the Executive Governor of Anambra State, His Excellency, Chief Dr. Willie Obiano enjoined all to pray for the state at all times, saying that the issue of fire outbreaks recently in the state was not peculiar to Anambra state, adding that his administration was working round the clock to forestall future occurrence. Governor Willie Obiano who was represented at the occasion by the Head of Service Anambra State, Barr. Harry Udu described the fire incidents as a national issue and should be tackled holistically both at the state and at the national level. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!