As negotiation between labour and government continues on the implementation of the new minimum wage in the public sector, organised labour has assured of a peaceful and just resolutions that would improve on workers’ pay and enhance the growth of Nigerian economy. Comrade Issa Aremu, NLC NEC member and labour member of the National Wages and Salary Commission said on Wednesday that the ongoing negotiation about minimum wage implementation in the public sector was legitimate and expected and does not in any way mean there was a “crisis”. In a statement by the labour leader, he observed that “there is already a subsisting new Minimum wage of N30,000 signed into law by President Muhamadu Buhari. “It was an outcome of robust negotiations between organised labour, organised private sector, Federal and state governments. This is also the 5th National minimum wage Act. The first was in 1981. Economic transformation: We’ll take hard decisions in Oyo —… Buhari appoints new six aides for First Lady Aisha Stakeholders seek amendments as Oyo moves to create… Kogi poll: CDD warns against fake news ALSO READ: Bauchi SEC expresses resolve to ensure resources allocation “What is at stake is not a renegotiation but implementation. But as the saying goes, the devil is in the details. The new wage for workers is Godliness. The details are what we are working towards through dialogue with the government. I have no doubt that there would not be any crisis. “There would be an agreement just the way we negotiated the past minimum wages. The Joint Public Service Negotiating Council is working with both the NLC and TUC to achieve the goal of a just consequential adjustment.” He went further to commend governments of Kaduna and Lagos states who he said are “law respecting” in implementing the new minimum wage. Comrade Aremu said decent employment and a living wage are not mutually exclusive adding that decent work is work paid for adequately to ensure productivity. He said good pay is “smart economics” because workers pay increases effective demand for goods and service in a depressed economy like Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!