The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Minister of State, Dr (Mrs.) Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu, on Wednesday, condoled with victims affected by flood in over 150 communities in Kogi state, just as she described the incident as tragic and unfortunate. The Minister, according to a statement by her Special Assistant on Media, Mr Austine Elemue, therefore, called on the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and other relevant stakeholders to come to the aid of the state who was severely devastated by flood leading to loss of cash crops and valuable property. “I am deeply saddened to hear of the great loss occasioned by the flood and my sincere heart goes out to all victims in time of grieve. This is tragic and unfortunate,” she lamented. Poor funding of Auditor-General’s office instigates… Reps fault non-assent to electoral act amendment N2.28trillion deficit: BPE advocates privatisation of FG… Mother, child burnt to death, as petrol tanker explodes in… ALSO READ: Federal Government deports 7 Koreans from Nigeria Dr Aliyu then commended the state government through the State Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources for the quick intervention, stressing that the establishment of over 20 camps by the government to accommodate flood victims was a step in the right direction. She advised the residents of flood-prone areas and affected communities to cooperate with the state government by relocating to safer places to avoid further loss of property. It would be recalled that over 150 communities were submerged following flooding in nine Local Government Areas (LGAs) of the state, while the state was still profiling, the LGAs severely affected were Ibaji, Kogi Koton Karfe, Lokoja, Ofu, Ajaokuta, as well as Omala and Idah. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!