In a third of those surveyed by researchers, the farmers boast about having sex at least once a day. What’s more is a staggering 67 per cent of them rated their performance in the bedroom as “incredible,” according to the study by sex toy manufacturer Lelo. Here in the report published by New York Post, a sex expert, Kate Moyle, was quoted as saying that it was because farmers were more likely to be fitter than desk-bound city dwellers, and therefore have more stamina. “Even within groups such as professions where there is a lot of similarities, we have to consider that there is a huge amount of individual differences impacting people’s sexuality and sex lives,” Moyle told the UK Mirror. “However, what we may expect are some trends, for example, the level of physical activity in a career such as a farmer, rather than someone in an office setting may impact levels of fitness and energy,” she said. The report said farmers were closely followed by architects, with 21 per cent of them claiming to have sex once a day, and hairdressers, with 17 per cent saying they also made “whoopie” daily. Lelo asked 2,000 men and women in the UK about their sex lives as well as their occupation for the survey. While farmers are making hay while the sun shines, it appears journalists are the least likely to get it on. They were at the end of the scale, with one-fifth claiming they only had sex once a month. Lawyers also experience problems in the bedroom, 27 per cent of them admit to faking an orgasm every time they have sex. “The lifestyle factors of our jobs such as flexibility of working hours and the environment are also likely to have an impact on all our lives not just our sex lives,” Moyle said.  Experts, groups want new NDDC board to supervise audit Reps query N127bn power budget allocation Again, fire guts Lagos Water Corporation in Onikan Convicted cyber fraudster not our student ― MAPOLY SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....