Modesty is becoming a thing of the past in our society. Youths in tertiary institutions no longer regard decency as a virtue. What bothers one is that some of the academic authorities are not taking proactive actions to curtail indecency among their students. The result is the nonchalant attitude of our youths towards social vices like: cultism, internet scams, prostitution, indecent dressing, drug dealing, examination malpractice and the likes. A few weeks ago, the Students’ Union Government (SUG) of the Adekunle Ajasin University, Ondo State, organised a rally against social vices in the society. The chairman of the Students Union Week planning committee, Comrade Oyedokun Ayodele, made it known that the rally was aimed curbing social vices that have enshrouded students like a cloak. The director of  the National Association of Nigerian Students(NANS), AAUA chapter, Comrade Ayodele, noted that the Students’ Union Government and authorities of Adekunle Ajasin University made the move in order to curtail social vices within and outside the campus. However, in order to make the move a success, the management of AAUA  has put in place new measures to fight social vices. Mr Seye Alademoni , the chief security officer of the institution, under the administration led by Professor Amos Igbekele Ajibefun, said indecent exposure is one of the main vices that are becoming rampant in the institution, and that efforts are being made to eradicate it among the students. “We have been given order to dispatch security officers to every entrance that leads to the campus. Students who disregard decent dressing are sent home to change their outfits before they could enter the campus,”  he said. Buhari to police: Arrest ‘yahoo’ criminals, but don’t harass innocent young people Federal revenue sharing formula Erection of bumps on Apete/Poly road Does Nigeria have more poor people than India, China? Menace of sexual harassment: Beyond wails and penalties He stated that the institution has its standard on moral dressing; all seductive dresses that are transparent or that expose vital parts of the body such as breasts, chest are prohibited. Also, wearing of special uniforms that belong to unregistered groups on campus, sagging of trousers, tinting of hair, plaiting of hair and wearing of ear rings by  male students are not allowed . The institution’s management has also issued a stern warning that any student caught cheating during examination will either be suspended for at least a semester, or expelled from school . Cultism or drug dealing attracts the same penalty.  Presently, recalcitrant students who find their way into the campus through different forms of pretence are taken to the security unit by security officials for appropriate punishment. Also, there are over 40 students that have been caught and will face the panel in order to receive appropriate penalty for their actions. Authorities of the Adekunle Ajasin University ought to be given credit for its attempt to correct certain indecent habits among students while, federal, state and private universities should incorporate this method into their system so as to suppress these obnoxious acts in our society.  Olamide Akinde Olammyde01@gmail.com Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!