The Ekiti State police command has raised the alarm that fake Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs) are defrauding residents across communities in the state. The commissioner of police, Amba Asuquo said in Ado-Ekiti on Wednesday that the groups have swindled many residents of their hard-earned money claiming to have collected grants from the United States of America. The commissioner, in a statement by the Police Public Relations Officer(PPRO) Caleb Ikechukwu gave the names of the groups as; Shekinah Charity Foundation, Take the Lead Empowerment Genesis, Shepherd Empowerment, Family Joy, Trust Empowerment and Goodluck Empowerment. “We are using this medium to inform the general public that some fake NGOs who are defrauding the people under the cover of empowerment programmes are parading themselves in Ekiti communities. ALSO READ: Nigerian wins top geophysics award BREAKING: Mobolaji Johnson, Lagos first governor, dies at 83 Gunmen kidnap Appeal court judge in Benin, kill police… Twitter bans political adverts worldwide Supreme Court verdict: Tinubu asks Atiku to join APC in… “They are operating with names such as Shekinah Charity Foundation, Take the Lead Empowerment Genesis, Sheperd empowerment, Family Joy, Trust Empowerment Faith in God and Good luck Empowerment, among others. “The Directors of these fake empowerment organisations have swindled unsuspecting members of the public millions of naira. “They claimed to have grants from the United States of America, ” Amba added that the suspected fraudsters were deluding the citizens that they were out to empower the needy and less privileged persons and sought for a registration fee of N5,000 as a prerequisite for qualification. He added, “They used to deceive the people that with an investment of N5,000, the person gets a sum of N50,000 in return and N50,000 to get N500,000 and so on with women mostly their victims. “Kindly lookout for such people or organization and report same to the nearest Police station for arrest and prosecution.”  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!