The level of smoking among the youths in our society is very high. It is common among the youths, most especially the teenagers. Smoking has contributed a lot to social vices in our society. Many of the youths engage in wrong activities such as rape, fighting in pubic, burglary and even suicide. Before now, cigarette and Indian hemp used to be the most common ones, but now, we have others like Shisha with different flavours, marijuana, e-cigarette, and so on. Nigeria dares ECOWAS protocol, shuts down borders nationwide Smoking has increased the level of diseases in many of the youths. Diseases such as lung diseases, diabetes, cancer,  and heart diseases  which damage the brain and even it brings death to them. No justification for fraud Is sex-for-mark a strange phenomenon? Suicide is not an escape from failure On use mobile phones in classrooms Youths should stop this habit, because it is not good for the development of our society. Parents should train their children in good ways and try to caution them from bad habits. The youths should also desist from following bad friends that will influence them into smoking and committing all sorts of social vices Government should create avenues of orientating the youths such as counseling centres and they should create broadcasting programmes that will show the youths the bad effect of smoking and teach them the right things to do. Olusola Racheal, Ibadan. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!