Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers on Tuesday evening abducted a serving Judge with the Federal High Court Akure, Justice Abdul Dogo The Judge was said to be abducted along with his driver along Ibilo/Isua Akoko axis, a border area between Ondo and Edo states. According to a source, Dogo was coming from Abuja when he was stopped by the gunmen and whisked away by the hoodlums. TribuneOnline gathered that the official security orderly of the Judge did not escort him to Abuja when the incident happened but an official of the High Court confirmed the incident, while two of the lawyers who were in his court for the hearing of their cases confirmed the abduction of the Judge. However, a source close to the family also confirmed that the Judge has been in the captive of the abductors since Tuesday evening, disclosing that the abductors had established negotiation with the wife of the victim. He said the kidnappers demanded  N50m as a ransom to secure the freedom for the Judge and his driver who were held hostage but said the kidnappers did not give room for negotiation. 66% of Lagos residents cannot afford basic healthcare ―… NGO condemns poor execution of UBEC intervention on migrant… Thai king sacks six palace officials for ‘evil… We’ll bring Ajaero, NUEE, NUPENG, others back to NLC ―… ALSO READ: NGO condemns poor execution of UBEC intervention on migrant schools Speaking on the development, the Ondo State Police Command confirmed the abduction of Judge Doggy but said the incident happened between Edo and Ondo state border. The State Police Public Relations Officer, (PPRO) Mr Femi Joseph, said: “The attention of the Ondo State Police Command has been drawn to news trending that a High Court Judge, Justice  Abdul Dongo was kidnapped in Ondo state. “Much as we sympathise with the family of the victim, the Command wants to make it clear that the incident did not happen anywhere in Ondo state. “The incident actually happened in Ibilo, Edo state, but we are working in tandem with our colleagues in whose jurisdiction this incident happened, to ensure that His Lordship is rescued unhurt and also apprehend the perpetrators. “We appeal to anyone with useful information that could lead to his rescue and the arrest of the culprits not to hesitate to let the Police know. “The Ondo State Police command hereby enjoins the good people of the state to go about their normal businesses as we are  working to ensure that citizens of the state do not only enjoy this “ember” months but also enjoy a peaceful atmosphere throughout the forthcoming  yuletide.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!