The Nigerian Army says it has arrested 16 Boko Haram terrorists, including two top commanders of the sect during a sting operation. Col. Aminu Iliyasu, the Nigerian Army Operations Media Coordinator said in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja that the terrorists were arrested at Pulka in Gwoza Local Government Area of Borno. Iliyasu said the arrest was made in collaboration with the Civilian Joint Task Force (CJTF). He said a preliminary investigation revealed that some of the suspects participated in the attack on Pulka and Gwoza including the killing of some Nigeria Police personnel some time ago. According to him, it is heartwarming to note that two of the arrested Boko Haram criminals have been on the army most wanted Boko Haram list earlier published on Serials 41 and 90. ALSO READ: Kachikwu delivers lecture as PTI graduates 1,122 technologists, technicians IPPIS: ASUU, Accountant-General trade blame over October 31… Senate kicks against allocation of N600 million to… 2020 budget: Senators, reps commend Registrar as JAMB remits… Assault: He must sleep in cell before accepting his apology… He said they are Lawan Garliga and Bayaga Manye, serial 41 and 90 respectively. “Others are Boko Haram Logistics Supplier which are: Alhaji Umaru, Goni Agwala, Momodu Shetene, Hassan Audu, Usman Manye akaYega, Ali Lawan and Modu Mallum. “They also include Modu Abubakar Jugudum, Bulama Ali, Umar Usman, Mustapha Alhaji Mele (Boko Haram Rifle man and vulcanizer), Abor Lassan, Mallum Ari and Mala Bala,” he said. Iliyasu said the Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai had commended the officers and Men of Operation Lafiya Dole following the success recorded by the troops during the sting operation. “He also enjoined them to continue to sustain the pressure on the criminals and ensure there is no hiding place for them and their collaborators,” he said. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!