Twenty-three-year-old Oluwasanmi Abigail Arowolo has broken the Lagos State University College of Medicine’s record of over 17 years by finishing with MBBS Honours from the MBBS programme, just as the college inducted the 14th set of medical doctors into the medical profession. The 39 doctors were inducted on Friday at the MRC Auditorium, Lagos State University College of Medicine (LASUCOM) Ikeja. According to the college authorities, 38 of the inductees are medical doctors and 1 (one) is a dental surgeon. Arowolo, happens to be the third honours graduate, the first from MBBS programme as the previous two were from the BDS programme. She also doubled as the best graduating student in the college having won best in eight courses out of 13 courses in the medical school; Anatomy, physiology, biochemistry, microbiology, haematology, pharmacology, paediatrics and O and G. ALSO READ:  LASU targets N1bn research endowment funds In his address, the Vice-Chancellor, Lagos State University, Professor Olanrenwaju Fagbohun who was represented by the Deputy Vice-Chancellor Academics, Professor A.O.K NOAH admonished them to be good doctors Yejide grammar school wins 2019 goal quiz competition Nobel Prize: 97-year-old chemist, John Goodenough, becomes… Shelve establishment of two additional varsities, Ogun gov… 3,000 prisoners enroll in NOUN ― Librarian He also urged them to continue to be great ambassadors of the University. The acting provost, LASUCOM, Professor A. O Ogbera in her welcome address said; “There is no gainsaying; LASUCOM is fulfilling its mandate as it has continued to produce healthcare professionals who are of international standards.” “In your practice of medicine, let the word of the hippocratic oath resonate with you, do no harm.” Also, Arowolo in her valedictory speech, she admonished her fellow doctors not to relent but keep paddling the canoe as this is the beginning. “I felt great and thankful to God. I am very happy that all my hard work wasn’t a waste and it yielded such a great result. “My propelling force was my family, belief in myself and some good friends and mentors. “Finally dear friends, as we leave here, may our lights shine brighter, may we all continue to break and make new records, may we continue to love ourselves and prosper in all we do, may God protect and shield us from the evil one.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!