THE League of Veteran Journalists, Oyo state chapter, has described the death of veteran broadcaster, Otunba Kunle Olasope, as a shock, saying the pioneer broadcaster’s career was laden with honours while alive. Olasope, whose face together with that of Mrs Anike Agbaje-Williams was the first to adorn television in Africa. This was disclosed in the press release signed by the Chairman and Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the veterans, Mr Banji Ogundele and Mrs Bisi Bakare, respectively. According to the statement, “Olasope, a native of Efon Alaye, Efon Alaye Local Government of Ekiti state, was a pioneer broadcaster in the Western Nigeria Television Service (WNTS), established by the Premier of the Western Region, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, in 1959. He, Mrs Agbaje-Williams, late Ambassador Segun Olusola and Dr Chris Kolade were contemporaries in the early days of broadcasting in Nigeria.” Poor funding of Auditor-General’s office instigates… Reps fault non-assent to electoral act amendment N2.28trillion deficit: BPE advocates privatisation of FG… Mother, child burnt to death, as petrol tanker explodes in… ALSO READ: Association urges FG to increase investment in mining sector The veterans who described the late broadcaster as a versatile broadcaster further added that Olasope went on to serve “as the Chief Press Secretary of the late governor of Ogun State, Olabisi Onabanjo, another veteran journalist, popularly known by his pen name ‘Aiyekoto’ between 1979 and 2003. He later became the chairman of Ekiti state Broadcasting Service under Governor Niyi Adebayo.” Olasope, a former advert manager of the African Newspapers of Nigeria (ANN) Plc, publishers of Tribune titles was also a recipient of national honour, Member of the Order of the Niger (MON). The veterans then prayed that God gives the family the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss to the family, journalism and humanity. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!