President Muhammadu Buhari has affirmed that poverty is one of the enormous challenges facing the nation’s democracy. He said leaders across all levels must, therefore, work hard to address the issue because of its direct bearing on the criminality in the country. He made the declaration in a message of congratulations to Governor of Adamawa State, Ahmadu Fintiri, on the occasion of his 52nd birthday anniversary. According to a statement issued in Abuja on Sunday Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), while urging Fintiri not to disappoint the youth, the president also urged him to set a standard for good governance that might be used to reinforce confidence in the country’s younger political leaders. The message of congratulation was delivered on behalf of the president to the governor by Sarki Abba, the Senior Special Assistant (Domestic Affairs and Social Events). Buhari off to Saudi Arabia for investment meeting, Umrah We will give priority to construction of Akoko roads ―… Yoruba youths back Osinbajo over call for self-regulation on… Presidential election: Supreme Court to hear Atiku,… ALSO READ: 2020 Budget: Opposition Reps insist on thorough scrutiny before passage The statement quoted Buhari as saying: “I am proud to say that you have started off well. You should therefore not rest on your oars until the people feel the impact of good governance. Your performance will be the yardstick by which our youth will be rated in this democracy. “My administration is fully committed to supporting our youths to succeed because the country looks upon them for future leadership. As one of our youngest leaders, let your performance be an inspiration for others, thereby galvanising our youth to participate actively in making Nigeria a better country.” President Buhari further said: “While congratulating you on the good work you have started, I urge you not to rest on your oars because complacency is number one enemy of success. “You should do everything to address the problem of youth restiveness caused by unemployment which in turn, leads to crime.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!