MINISTER of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika has assured that the Federal Government would do everything possible to ensure that the Ekiti Airport was completed in record time. The minister spoke in Ado-Ekiti, on Friday, while flagging off the construction of the agro-allied airport project expected to be completed in 24 months. Sirika said airport project  was a  catalyst for growth and development, saying that  Ekiti would not be an exemption, especially for being specially fashioned to play  dual roles in air transportation. According to him, “airport project   brings businesses and drive the economy. It employs and strengthen the economy, so we are going make success of this project. “The Federal Government will support everything about this project , particularly the cargo aspect of it,  because the good atmospheric condition of Ekiti and the lurching vegetation and good soil will help  to produce farm products that can be exported within and outside the country. “The per capital income of N1,060 for Ekiti shows how viable the state is economically, so siting of an airport is not by size alone, but by viability . “Apart from this, Ekiti is 750 feet  above sea level and in Aviation industry, it is believed that this  will help to produce good oxygen for airplane to perform optimally. The  government is ready to support this project and it shall be a success.” Speaking, Governor Kayode Fayemi  said the vision to construct an airport in Ekiti predated his administration, saying it began  in 2008 when Mr. Tunde  Omotoba was the Minister of Aviation under  the late President Umaru Yar’Adua’s administration . Why Lagos is flooded: Atlantic Ocean full, can’t take… More trouble for Lagos-Ibadan Expressway users Presidency to spend N82.2m on sewage in 2020 •Budgets N463.6… Oyo to construct N8bn Iwo Road interchange in 11 months Fayemi added that the conceptualisation  of the project made the Federal Government to set  aside some funds  for its  construction in the   2009 budgertary provision. BREAKING: Kogi Deputy Gov Achuba impeached He commended President Muhammadu Buhari for his support for the realisation of the project, noting that the state got the official approval for the airport in May. “Despite this budgetary provision, the project could not materialise . In 2012, I set up a committee headed by Afe Babalola to look at the possibility of establishing an airport in Ekiti and committee came up with a report. “Having conceptualised the project,  the African Development Bank had  studied the  long and short term benefits of this project and has decided to support us in realising the dream. “We got the  letter of approval in May 2019 to start this project that  will be built on 4,000 hectares of land and will be easily accessible by all Ekiti through the ring road that will be constructed around it .“Ekiti must be opened to national and international business patronages,  to open up the economy and for Ekiti to become a medical  tourism, with the landmark works being done at the Afe Babalola University Teaching Hospital . “Though, some  some people thought Ekiti is too small in size to have an airport , but commitment and vision are  the  tonic we need to make the project a reality to make Ekiti  joins  the global  industrial revolution,” Fayemi said. On his part, a renowned lawyer and founder of ABUAD, Chief Afe Babalola hailed the federal government and the state government for fulfilling part of the dreams of the founding fathers of the state upon its creation in 1996. Babalola maintained that the state was long over-due for an airport in order to boost the socio-economic potentials of the state especially in the area of agriculture. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....