Benue youths under the auspices of the Tiv Youth Council Worldwide (TYWC), on Sunday, called on the indigenes of the state to give their overwhelming support to the current administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. The youth also commended the Benue State Traditional Council led by His Royal Majesty Orchivrigh, Prof. James Ayatse ( Tor Tiv the 5th) on the solidarity visit to congratulate President Buhari on his overwhelming re-election victory. President of the TYWC, Hon. Mike Msuaan in a statement in Abuja, said the council was pleased with the reaffirmation of Buhari’s electoral victory by the election tribunal, tackling security challenges, provision of infrastructure for Benue people and appointment of Benue sons into positions of authority. He said: “The TYWC receives the news with elation and with a great sense of vindication and calls on the Tor Tiv to sustain the relationship which will no doubt attract further appointments and projects for the good of the Benue people. “The Tor Tiv who acknowledged the divinity of the mandate of President Mohammadu Buhari and the Tiv / Fulani brotherhood which according to him is as old as history,” he said. ALSO READ: Flood: Ondo govt inaugurates committee The Tiv Youth Council also celebrated Senator George Akume, the Minister of Special Duties and Inter-Governmental Affairs for standing firm, preaching and working for peace in the wake of the crisis between the Tiv and the Fulani crisis even at the detriment of his senatorial elections. Flood: Ondo govt inaugurates committee Activist calls for investigation of vandalised NIPP project… APC taunts PDP, others Political thugs attack Oshiomhole in Benin Msuaan said: “Sen Akume realised very early that President Buhari has come on a rescue mission. “He pleaded with the Benue people to support Buhari during the 2019 general elections for more dividends of democracy,” he said. Recall that the Tiv Youth Council Worldwide endorsed President Buhari for a second term and canvassed support for his reelection in 2019. TYCW noted that it was incumbent on the youth to abreast themselves of history and sustain the cherished relationship between the Tivs and other ethnic groups in the country. He quoted the Tor Tiv during the visit to the President as saying: “the relationship between the Fulanis and the Tivs that is long-standing and predates Nigeria, nothing can destroy it and at a time when we have our brother the Fulani man is on the Tree, we should have bountiful fruits coming down to us.” “We believe that the plight of the Internationally Displaced Persons  (IDPs) and other issues brought before President Buhari in the course of the visit would be treated with dispatch. “We call on Benue people to support Tor Tiv in his quest for peace and harmonious coexistence that will attract development to Benue state,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!