Ahead the November 16 governorship election in Kogi state, the incumbent governor and candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Yahaya Bello met with certain leaders of the Kogi west senatorial district at the weekend in Abuja. Checks revealed that at the meeting facilitated by Director General Bello/Onoja Campaign Organisation, Senator Smart Adeyemi, the leaders of Kogi west presented certain demands to the APC candidate and Kogi state governor. Among their demands presented were power shift after Governor Yahaya Bello’s second tenure, an improvement on the prompt payment of salaries and pensions for both the State and Local Government workers; and the need to decentralise Kogi State University by sitting multi Campuses at the Central and Western Senatorial districts of Kogi State. The leaders insisted on decentralisation of the State University as they noted that “the State and Local Governments funds are being used to manage the state’s highest institute of academic learning.” The Kogi west leaders lauded the achievements of Governor Bello’s government for establishing a rice mill project in Ejiba, Kogi West Senatorial district. They described the Rice Mill project as a venture that will transform the economic activity in the entire area. Earlier in his speech, Senator Adeyemi thanked Governor Bello for granting the audience based on his request to interact with Kogi West leaders. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/ebonyi-recovers-n60m-from-state-lg-ghost-workers/ Education: The Abiodun intervention in Ogun #SexForGrades scandal: Atiku says ‘It’s an… Fullrange microfinance bank offers loan to transporters SDP constitutes caretaker committee for party in Osun The Director-General of the Bello/ Onoja Campaign said Governor Bello has done more than enough to deserve a second term in office, stressing that the governor’s zeal to see a united Kogi state with no affiliation to gender, religious or ethnic favouritism was unsurpassed. He further recalled many projects executed by Governor Bello which included electrification of many communities, construction of roads abandoned by the previous administrations, and institutionalising a roadmap for the sustainable educational system in the state. Responding, Governor Bello said he was thankful for the visit of the Kogi West Leaders and their readiness to fight for a fresh mandate for him. Gov. Bello further alleged that Senator Dino Melaye obstructed Kogi State from benefiting from the Federal Government 11 Billion Naira intervention fund set aside to fix the dilapidating federal roads in some states. In attendance at the meeting were General David Jemibewon, Gen. A.B Momoh and former Attorney General and Minister of Justice. Bayo Ojo, SAN. The list also included Speaker, Kogi State House of Assembly, Hon. Matthew Kolawole; Commissioner of Finance, Hon. Asiru Idris Asiwaju; Mrs Funmi Bodunde, Dr Arosanyin, Alh. Ishaq Ajibola, Alh. Abdullai Bello, Chairman APC Kogi State; Dr Folashade Ayoade Arike, SSG Kogi State; Mrs Bola Ampitan, Kogi State Commissioner for Women Affairs; Rtd Navy Commodore Jerry Omodara, Security Adviser to Kogi State Governor; Dr Awoniyi and host of others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!