Farmers and cattle rearers have been warned against taking laws into their hands as this year’s harvest season commenced in earnest but should report all matters to security Agencies for prompt action and to ensure peace. The warning was given by the Chairman Caretaker Committee, Bogoro Local Government Council of Bauchi State, Mr Iliya Habila while swearing in his 13 newly appointed Councilors at the Bogoro Local Government Secretariat. He said that “all traditional rulers must ensure that conflicts arising between farmers and cattle rearers are minimized to it’s barest level. You must ensure timely intervention in issues of conflict between farmers and rearers and report any breakdown of law and order to the security agencies. To you farmers and cattle rearers you are warned against taking laws into your hands, but report all matters to security agents.” The Chairman explained that “in our quest to ensure peace and security, we have held interactive meetings with our stakeholders in security sectors. This was consolidated with the recent meeting with traditional rulers, there and then, I immediately announced the increase to 100 per cent of the allowance of our traditional rulers, a development which has restored the dignity and integrity of our royal fathers.” He added that he expects the traditional rulers to reciprocate the gesture by ensuring peace and security in their domains and report any suspicious case of crime to the security agents as well as mobilise their subjects to support government policies and programs. Oyo APC berates Makinde, Speaker over controversial N7.6b… I don’t own a single share in KAEDCO ― Namadi Sambo NNPC seals $2.5bn gas supply deal with NLNG Lagos conducts screening exercise for intending christian… ALSO READ: Troops kill 15 insurgents, destroy 2 gun trucks, capture 2 others in Borno “We are all witnesses to the fact that in all sectors of the local government, things had grown from bad to worse. That is why as appointed representatives of our people, we must sacrifice to reverse this trend which has eroded confidence of the people in governance and government. You have taken an oath to serve the people, we must live by this oath, know that whatever we do here will impact positively on the lives of our generations yet unborn,” Iliya Habila stressed. He said that the situation he met in the local government was such that weak minds could easily despair and therefore weaken ones Morales and the staff morale was in the lowest ebb. He added that “I also met a near-total collapse of activities in the secretariat due to non-challant attitude of our staff at all strata. But I summoned courage coupled with the encouragement from staff, restoration of running cost, restoration of electricity and renovation of office as well as the reactivation of certain activities, we witnessed a bee-hive of activities in the secretariat within the few days of my assumption”. According to him, the present administration in the state under the leadership of Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has begun the process of restoring confidence in the minds of the citizens through the execution of projects He said the drought in terms of infrastructure and other social amenities witnessed in the last four years in the state is gradually becoming history and to consolidate the state governments efforts he will set up a committee which would study all the 35 health facilities across the local government with a view to restoring activities in those centres. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!