The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has reinstated former chairman of the Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT), Comrade Dare Ilekoya and Olusanjo Majekodunmi, who was sacked by the immediate past administration back to service with immediate effect. Abiodun said the “gesture is not only to encourage the teachers, but it is also dictated by natural justice and the right thing to do.” The dismissal of the duo from the state teaching service was later commuted to compulsory retirement by the Senator Ibikunle Amosun led government, after many pleas from concerned stakeholders in the state. The news was received with wild jubilation from the teachers, who sang praises of the governor for the gesture. The governor in his speech delivered during the 2019 World Teachers Day with the theme: “Young Teachers: The Future of the Profession”, held on Saturday, at the MKO Abiola Stadium, Abeokuta, appreciated the effort of teachers towards national development. The governor commended the teachers under the umbrellas of NUTand the Academic Staff Union of Secondary Schools (ASUSS) for coming together for the first time to celebrate the teachers day. Niger water board generates N12m monthly ― Official 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools Igbo not ready for 2023 presidency ― Wabara Amidst protests, Nigerians mark independence anniversary in… ALSO READ: Gbajabiamila wants better deal for Nigerian teachers He said the two unions had continued to provide a viable platform for interaction amongst them and the development of the profession while charging them on the need to adopt a moderate approach and show understanding in pushing forward their requests to the government. ‘I understand that this is the first time the NUT and ASUSS are celebrating together at the MKO Abiola Stadium. “I concede that unionism is a part of the fundamental rights of workers. But, let me use this opportunity to charge all our labour unions and associations to always show understanding in your agitations as no meaningful results can be achieved in an atmosphere of rancor and discord,” he added. In their respective remarks, the state NUT Chairman, Comrade Titilope Adebanjo and ASUSS chairman, Comrade Akeem Lasisi lauded the governor for approving the promotion of 10,000 teachers. While appealing to the state to look into the 2018 and 2019 promotion which according to them was long overdue. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!