Unknown gunmen on Wednesday abducted Justice Chioma Nwosu of the Court Of Appeal, Benin, Edo State. During the kidnap operation, the police orderly of the judge what was identified as Inspector A. I. Momoh was reportedly shot dead by the gunmen who numbered four before taking their victim away to an unknown destination. The driver was said to have been critically wounded. The hoodlums who rode a Toyota Camry saloon car were said to have trailed the woman from Ramat Park end of the Benin-Agbor road in and caught up with her vehicle around Christ Chosen Church of God International. ALSO READ: Supreme Court verdict: Tinubu asks Atiku to join APC in nation building According to an eye witness who would not want his name in print, after catching up with the judge, the hoodlums shot at the tyre of her Toyota Sports Utility Vehicle, an act which made it to screech to a halt. BREAKING: Mobolaji Johnson, Lagos first governor, dies at 83 Twitter bans political adverts worldwide Supreme Court verdict: Tinubu asks Atiku to join APC in… Reps query NIMC over misappropriation of iaspora… The source added that the gunmen also opened fire on the police orderly, killing him at the spot, before hurriedly whisking away the female judge to an unknown destination in their car. The Edo State police, spokesman, Mr. Chidi Nwabuzor, confirmed the incident, noting that the incident occurred today at about 11.30 am, along Benin-Agbor expressway. Nwanbuzor, a deputy superintendent of police said: “It is true that Justice Chioma Nwosu was attacked, while the police orderly attached to her, Inspector A. I. Momoh was murdered while the driver of the vehicle was severely injured and was rushed to a nearby hospital for treatment. “Immediately, the police operatives of Ikpoba Hill divisional police headquarters, the tactical team of Edo state command and other relevant sections swung into action, but unfortunately, they got away with it. Nwanbuzor said that investigations were still ongoing, assuring that the female judge will be rescued unhurt. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!