The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Sunday counseled the Kaduna State Governor, Mallam Nasir el-Rufai, who is the Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Kogi State National Campaign Council, to steer clear of the state as the people abhor incitements and threats in the November 16 governorship election. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its National Spokesman, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan,the party cautioned that the people of Kogi State “are already aware of individuals in the APC known for issuing threats as well as the ‘body bag’ metaphor and will never allow such incitements to pervade the November election.” The party pointed out that Governor el-Rufai must have realised that whatever his party, the APC, perpetuated in Kaduna State in the 2019 general elections could no longer be replayed, not even in Kaduna State or any other state of the federation, not to talk of Kogi State, with its long-standing history of tough resistance to forceful occupation and control. It advised that Governor el-Rufai, therefore, should not bother to lead a failed team of an expansionist force into a lost battle. ALSO READ: APC, PDP disagree over Ekiti airport project Stop Isiguzo from parading himself as NUJ president, Odusile… Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… According to the party, “he should rather use the opportunity to counsel Governor Yahaya Bello to accept his rejection by the people of Kogi State and be ready to face the burden of a crushing defeat on November 16. “The APC knows that Governor Bello has gone down in history as the worst governor ever in Nigeria; who cannot point to any development project or initiative in governance and under whom a once vibrant and productive state has been reduced to the poorest and most dejected in our country. “If the APC means well for Kogi State, the party should not be wasting its time to campaign but rather counsel Yahaya Bello to use the remaining days of his abysmal tenure to show remorse, pay up the 36 months arrears he owes workers and pensioners, restitute for those who died because of his suppressive rule and get ready with his handover notes “The APC Campaign Council should come to terms with the fact that the people of Kogi State had made up their minds to repay Yahaya Bello in his own coin by kicking him out of office. “Therefore, no amount of apologies, intimidations, violence, vote-buying and ‘body bag’ metaphor can change their resolve or save Governor Bello from defeat in this election.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!