THE wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari has arrived into the country after a long vacation in London. She arrived at approximately 4.30 am Nigerian time aboard British Airways flight, a statement by the Special Adviser on Media to the First Lady, Adebisi Olumide Ajayi, said in Abuja. Speaking on why she stayed away for so long, Mrs Aisha Buhari said before the advent of this administration it had always been the custom for her to take a long vacation with her children, but since the President was elected and as a result of exigencies of duty it had not been possible. The First Lady, however, said this year she decided to break the jinx and spend time with the children, especially since Mr President has graciously appointed Special Advisers and Personal assistants to her. Kwara seeks FG’s special intervention over ecological… Nigeria records investment announcement of $9.29 in Q3 ―… Sex for grade: TUC seeks death penalty for abuse of young… Stop political agitations on Delta 2023, PDP chieftain… ALSO READ: Why Oyo is spending CBN’s N7.6bn loan on farm settlements —Makinde Mrs Buhari further thanked all Nigerians for their support and encouragement and said she was ready to continue her work with women and children. She was received at the airport by the First lady of Kogi state, Mrs Rasheedat Bello, Wife of former Governor of Nasarawa state, Mrs Mairo Al Makura. Others present at the airport were Chairperson of National Centre for Women Development Joy Gene Nunieh, wife of Minister for Niger Delta Affairs Mrs Ekaetae Unoma Godswill Akpabio, D.G. Women’s development centre, Mrs Mary Etta, and Senior Special Assistant office of the wife of the President, Dr Hajo Sani. “She returned home to the villa to meet Family and friends waiting,” the statement said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!