THE organised Labour in Nasarawa State has expressed mixed feelings over the agreement on consequential adjustment on the minimum wage with the Federal Government. The leaders of the organised Labour stated this in an interview with journalists on Monday in Lafia. While some said it was a welcome development, others said it would not make any serious difference in the living condition of civil servants. They, therefore, urged Governor Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State to commence the process for the implementation of the new minimum wage without foot-dragging. ALSO READ: Reps query poor release of fund to MDAs capital projects in 2019 The chairman, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Mr Yasuf Iya, commended the representative of the organised Labour for the feat they have achieved in securing an improved package for civil servants. He said that the increment would go a long way towards cushioning effects of the harsh economic realities. He expressed confidence that the government would implement the new minimum wage as soon as the template was made available. “Our governor is an honourable man who always matches the word with action, therefore, I believe he would implement it because he has promised to do so,” the NLC Chairman said. NAFEST back to home of culture after 40 years ― Obaseki NNPC operating revenue drops by N15.69bn in July Sanwo-Olu, BATN foundation laud farmers’ role in food… Efficient service delivery panacea for economic recovery ―… On his part, Mohammed Doma, Chairman of Trade Union Congress (TUC) in the state, said that he was not happy with the disparity in the approved for various grade levels. The TUC Chairman noted this was the first time different percentage was approved for various grade levels. “The increment should have been the same percentage to cushion the effects of harsh economic realities and policies of the government. “They increased VAT, multiple charges by banks even in the deposit account and they are about to reintroduced payment of toll fees on some roads. “The civil servants are at the receiving end, therefore, we expected more,” the TUC Chairman added. Obadiah Avre, a civil servant in the state said the new minimum wage was a welcomed development but appealed to the relevant authorities to transmit the template to states immediately for onward implementation at the state levels. On her part, Hadiza Sabo, Chairman Nasarawa State chapter of Market Women Association, congratulated workers for the increase. She said that their businesses would flourish because there would be more money in circulation due to the increment in salaries. She, however, assured the general public that their members would not increase the prices of their goods because of the increase in the minimum wage. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!