The Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE) in Ogun State has said that four deaths were recorded from 14 auto crashes within the state between October 6 and 12. This was contained in a statement issued in Abeokuta, the state capital, on Saturday by the Director, Planning Research and Statistics, TRACE, Mr Babatunde Ajayi, who added that 36 other people sustained various degrees of injuries in the accidents. Babatunde noted that the accidents involved three private cars, two private buses, four commercial cars, two motorcycles, one commercial bus, one medium truck and two heavy truck, adding that “63 people were involved in the crashes out of which 36 persons (19 males, 17 females) sustained various degrees of injuries, while four persons (three males, one female) died.” Kaduna govt takes N245.4bn 2020 budget to town hall meeting Use modern technology to check borders  instead of closure… BREAKING: Aisha Buhari departs UK for Nigeria Foundation honours Justice Esho, Late Bola Ige, others Sadiya Farouq, Humanitarian minister, disowns fake Twitter account He said that 23 people, who were involved in the 14 accidents, were, however, rescued unhurt. “45.73 per cent of the accidents were caused by excessive speed, 22.84 per cent by dangerous driving, 9.80 per cent by bad tyres, 2.45 per cent by driving against traffic and 19.18 per cent by other causes. “Forty four motor vehicles and 25 motorcycles were apprehended for 88 offences during the period under review,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!