THE Federal Government has commenced the process of selection of candidates for Federal scholarship awards to deserving Nigerians for the 2020/2021 academic session. To this end, the Federal Ministry of Education has opened its portal for aspiring candidates to register for the Computer Based Test, (CBT), for the scholarship award. Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu announced this in a statement by the Deputy Director, Press and Public Relations, Federal Ministry of Education, Mr Ben Goong on Wednesday in Abuja. ALSO READ: How FG owed Unity Schools’ teachers over N10bn salary arrears, allowances Adamu said the registration for scholarship under the Ministry’s Bilateral Education Agreement (BEA) was for undergraduate and postgraduate studies. He noted that the undergraduate scholarships are obtainable in Russia, Morocco, Algeria, Serbia, Hungary, Egypt, Tunisia, Turkey, Cuba Romania, Japan, and Macedonia. The postgraduate scholarships are for studies in China, Hungary, Serbia, Turkey, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, and Russia (for students whose first degrees are from Russian Universities). According to the Minister, undergraduate awards would be obtainable in Engineering, Agriculture, Sciences, Mathematics, Languages, Environmental Sciences, Sports, Law, Social Sciences, Biotechnology, Architecture and Medicine (with very limited space). Adamu  Adamu stated that for postgraduate studies, (Master’s degree and Ph.D.), interested candidates are free to apply for all fields of study. Nigerian universities far from attaining world-class status… Why free education in Bauchi primary schools ― Commissioner Quality education sacrosanct in Lagos schools ― Sanwo- Olu Adeboye charges Dominion University students on diligence On the eligibility for the undergraduate scholarship, he said that candidates must possess a minimum qualification of five distinctions (As and Bs) in Senior Secondary School certificates in the subjects relevant to their fields of study, including Mathematics and English language. Adamu, who revealed that the age limit of applicants should be between 18-20 years, added that the certificates from non-African universities must not be older than two years (2018/2019), while those of African universities must not be older than one year (2019). For postgraduate studies, the Minister disclosed that applicants must hold a first degree with 1st Class or 2nd Class Upper Division and that recipients of previous foreign awards must have acquired at least, two years post qualification experience or employment practice in Nigeria. ALSO READ: Housewife seeks divorce because husband refuses to pray He stressed that the age limit for the Master’s degree is 35 while that of Ph.D. is 40. The scholarship is also obtainable in Nigerian universities. In a related development, the Minister is asking members of the public to disregard information making the round on a fraudulent website: www.financialwatchngr.com  calling for applications for job recruitment, adding that the information on the Ministry’s official website is for scholarship applications only. “For the avoidance of doubts, the Ministry’s official website to which applicants can apply is www.education.gov.ng”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!