The Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Justice Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad on Friday vowed not to spare any political and public office holders who run foul of the laws of the land under the new dispensation of justice. Justice Muhammad who issued the warning at the unveiling of the Legislative Agenda of the 9th House of Representatives in Abuja urged them to reform their constitutional responsibilities without compromise. Tanko said, “I will like to assure you that as you embark on this important voyage of national rebirth and re-invigoration through effective, people-oriented legislation, the Judiciary is solidly behind you.” “Since our role is strictly limited to the interpretation of the laws of the land, we will not leave any stone unturned in that respect. You can be rest assured that you already have a good and dependable ally in the Nigerian Judiciary.” “We will on our part, as usual, vigorously pursue the observance of the rule of law by all citizens. There is no sacred cow anywhere, as no one is above the law, no matter his or her position in the society.” “Justice must be served without fear or favour. Every law of the land must be obeyed. Let me assure everyone present here that the consequences of disobeying lawful court orders will be too grave to bear. We all should gird our loins to do our Constitutionally assigned duties with due diligence so that Nigeria can be the pride of everyone,” he urged. While noting that the importance of the Legislative arm of government in the effective and efficient administration of a country cannot be overemphasized, Justice Muhammad will not take the powers conferred on the Legislature for granted. “The legislature plays the pivotal role of stabilizing governance by making laws that will ensure societal order, peaceful coexistence of the citizens, and good governance of the Federation. It is, no doubt, the bedrock of every democracy. No democratic government thrives without solid, well-articulated parliament.” ALSO READ: I don’t own a single share in KAEDCO ― Namadi Sambo “The progress and well-being of a nation rest on the shoulders of its National Assembly and I plead with you not to handle the enormous powers conferred on you by the Constitution with levity.” They are after my life ― GDPN Kogi guber candidate Gov Abiodun constitutes 51- man governor’s elders… Nationwide strike: FG hurriedly shifts meeting with labour… Society disadvantaged without girl child education ― Oyo SSG “The onus lies on you to meticulously steer the ship of governance through the right waters to avoid any storm or turbulence. The destiny of the Nigerian State lies in your hands, and I am doubly confident that with your collective country is destined for greatness and unhindered.” “As we all know, the parliament has broad oversight functions and is equally empowered by the Constitution to form committees of its members to scrutinize bills brought before them and also critically examine the conduct and activities of government institutions and officials, which invariably cuts across the other two arms of government the Executive and Judiciary, being my own primary constituency.” The Chief Judicial Officer of the country further warned the 9th Assembly that “sweeping power is not bestowed on the legislature for fun.” “It is absolutely with the intent to strike a balance between the three arms of government and also ensure compliance with the doctrine of separation of powers, which is anchored on checks and balances and enthronement of a regime of mutual relationship and inter-dependence.” “This is a Constitutional provision that you must cherish and apply to the letter, with a view to evolving the rule of law and egalitarian society,” Justice Muhammad noted. He also tasked members of the 9th session of House of Representatives not to betray the public trust, by defending the citizens who are passing through unfavourable times. To this end, he urged them to “carry on board the general welfare and well-being of all Nigerians. The times are quite unfavourable, to say the least. The general climate in the country is literally inclement.” “The security challenges across the country are gaining momentum by the day, and the right legislation should be put in place to arrest the tide. The economic weather too is quite unfriendly.” “The purchasing power of an average Nigerian is waning. It is no more news that unemployment now governs the labour market. As you settle down to roll out your agenda for the Ninth Assembly, I crave your indulgence to fashion out new laws that will address the plethora of problems plaguing our nation.” In his goodwill message, Executive Director of Policy and Legislative Advocacy Centre (PLAC), Mr Clement Nwankwo called on the 9th Assembly to review compendium of obsolete as such as Police Act of 1943 and ensure timely passage of the NABRO bill as well as the Constitution review. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!