A Federal High Court in Lagos, on Thursday, has adjourned till December 11 and December 12, the trial of Nigerian Musician, Azeez Fashola, a. k. a Naira Marley facing fraud charges. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) charged Marley with 11 counts bordering on conspiracy, possession of counterfeit credit cards and fraud. Also mentioned in the charge is one Yad Isril, who is said to still be at large. The Popular “Issa goal” singer was arraigned on May 20 before Justice Nicholas Oweibo, but he denied the charges. Following a bail application by defence counsel, Mr Olalekan Ojo(SAN), the court had granted Fashola bail in the sum of N2 million with sureties in like sum. ALSO READ:  Woman in court for obtaining N750,000 on false pretence On Thursday, Justice Nicholas Oweibo adjourned the case shortly after defence counsel Mr Olalekan Ojo (SAN) had begun the cross-examination of the first prosecution’s witness who began his evidence yesterday. The court was, however, constrained to move the trial to a further date, after some arguments erupted in court, between counsel in suit following insufficient seating arrangement. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the courtroom has few available seats which are always insufficient to accommodate both lawyers and litigants. Many Nigerian children are hungry, lack access to education… NANS nonimates Tambuwal as best performing Governor in… Doctor suspended after baby born without face Grassroots, strength of our party ― Bello/Onoja campaign… A good number lawyers, litigants and even journalists are often forced to stand up in the courtroom throughout proceedings, due to unavailability of seats. NAN reports that at the last adjourned date on October 23, the first prosecution witness. Mr Nuru Buhari had given evidence as to the manner of information extracted from the iPhone and Laptop of the defendant. Led by the prosecutor, Mr Rotimi Oyedepo, the witness had chronicled the various sites visited with the defendant’s electronic gadgets, as well as the various credit card operations conducted. According to the charge, the defendant allegedly committed the offences on different dates between November 26, 2018, December 11, 2018, and May 10, The charge alleges that Fashola and his accomplices conspired to use different Access Bank ATM Cards to defraud their victims. It said that the defendant allegedly used Access Card number 5264711020433662 issued to another person, in a bid to obtain fraudulent financial gains. He was said to have possessed these counterfeit credit cards, belonging to different cardholders, with intent to defraud, which also amounted to theft. The offence, he said, contravened the provisions of sections 1 23 (1) (b), 27 (1}, 33, 33(9) Cyber Crime (Prohibition) Prevention Act, 2015. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!