FOODCO Nigeria Limited, a diversified consumer goods company, has announced plans to extend its footprints into Lagos, with the opening of its first outlet in Lekki, later  in the month of October, this year. Ranked among the Top 10 Supermarket Brands in Nigeria,  by National Consumer Brands.  FoodCo currently operates the largest supermarket chain in South West Nigeria, outside Lagos. Speaking on the new store, its Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Ade Sun-Basorun, stated that the decision to expand to Lagos was in response to the yearnings of Lagos consumers for convenient, premium, shopping and entertainment experience at affordable price. BEDC to roll out 200,000 meters in Delta State Nigerians should know orthopedic mattress suitable —Mouka… TheWorkPlace Magazine debuts October 1 Quackery: NIPR should wield the big stick, now  —Eniola… Tagged “Lagos Life, Ibadan Price’, the launch, he stated, would provide the Lekki outlet the opportunity to continue ‘FoodCo’s rich tradition of providing a modern shopping experience, combining excellent customer service, top quality products and affordable pricing to meet the lifestyle needs of the contemporary shopper.’ He argued that the  Lekki outlet would also be an opportunity for Lagosians to savour FoodCo’s unique proposition which thrives on affordability for premium experience. He added that the restaurant would be giving out free vouchers every hour during the opening periods, as part of activities to mark the opening of the Lekki outlet. He explained further that the new FoodCo Lekki outlet would serve as a one-stop-shop, where customers can get a wide variety of top-quality products at competitive prices. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!