Lagos State Public Service Club, with membership comprising permanent secretaries, top civil servants, among others, on Monday stressed the need for efficient service delivery to boost economic prosperity of the state. President of Lagos State Public Service Club 1979, Mr Oluremi Ajenifuja, said this at a press conference and the unveiling of the 40th Anniversary Logo and activities to mark the club’s anniversary which started last week Monday. Ajenifuja, while urging the civil servants to exercise and check themselves regularly, asserted that their health was very important to carry out their daily activities and that it should not be about work only. “The members of Lagos Club say it is not working alone, after work you have to exercise to have a sound mind and a sound mind for service delivery. “You have to be of stable mind, there was sometimes we have some civil servants who dropped dead, we don’t want this to happen again. We want civil servants to be up and doing, recreate and exercise their body if you want service delivery you have to be healthy,” he said. Speaking further, he said: “The club is not meant for civil servants alone. We have those that are associate members, the club is also open to members of the public. The club’s membership strength is about 6,000. Nigerian Army sensitizes Media Influencers, Journalists on… NAFEST back to home of culture after 40 years ― Obaseki NNPC operating revenue drops by N15.69bn in July Sanwo-Olu, BATN foundation laud farmers’ role in food… “The club since inception has produced twenty-two presidents and is being overseen by elected executives council made up of civil servant.” ALSO READ: Experts proffer solutions to refinery issues in Nigeria On the activities lined up for the celebration, the Chairman, Anniversary Planning Committee, Mr. Oluyomi Amoye, said members and associate members would be paying a visit to the founder of the club, who is the first civilian governor of Lagos, Alhaji Lateef Jakande, while mosque and church services, as well as sports and health check would be held for the benefit of members and invited guests. According to him, the club will be giving back to the society by visiting orphanages as well as empower members of the public. The club also expressed gratitude to the state governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, who is their Grand Patron, and the Patron, the Head of Service (HoS), Mr Hakeem Muri-Okunola, for their active role in the development of the club. Lagos State Public service club was established in 1979 to serve as a platform for social and sporting activities amongst public officials in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!