The Attorney-General of Lagos State, Mr. Moyosore Onigbanjo (SAN) and Lagos based Human Right Activist, Ebun-Olu Adegboruwa (SAN), have been announced as part of legal luminaries billed to deliver lectures at this year’s annual lecture organised by the National Association of Judicial Correspondents (NAJUC), Lagos Branch. The annual lecture with the theme: “Press freedom in the new social media age; implications and the laws”, will hold at the Muson Centre, Onikan, Lagos, on Tuesday, October 8, 2019 by 10 a.m. A statement issued and signed on Sunday by the Chairman of NAJUC, Peter Fowoyo, stated that the lecture is expected to review some of the serious challenges that hinder press freedom in a democratic society such as ours. “Press freedom is and must be guaranteed under our laws and it is until when the press is totally free that we can have sufficient peace, stability and progress culminating into an industrial revolution. “The new social media has come to stay, yet, media practitioners/ or journalists are not taking full advantage of it leaving the space for non-professionals not just spreading fake news but, reaping heavily from it,” he said. BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… ALSO READ: IGR to drive our 2020 budget, says Anambra govt The program is to be chaired by former Pro-Chancellor, Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), Ogbomosho, Oyo State, Chief Bolaji Ayorinde (SAN), while the Royal father of the day is, His Royal Majesty, Oba Abdul- Fatai Aromire, the Ojora of Ijoraland. Popular Lagos based journalist, Mr. Lekan Otunfodunrin, founder of Centre for Law and Civil Culture, Mr. Abdulganeey Imran and a Lagos based legal practitioner, Mr. Bolanle Olugbani, will be the discussants at the programme. Other activities to commemorate the annual event includes the commissioning of the refurbished Press Centre at the Court of Appeal, Lagos Divison, Igbosere, Lagos, award ceremony on individuals who have distinguished themselves in the sphere of their endeavours; launching of NAJUC Lagos Branch website and free medical services for members of the association. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!