A Gudu Grade I Area Court in Abuja, Federal Capital Territory (FCT), has granted a housewife, Fatima Ango, permission to begin divorce proceedings without her husband. The judge, Mr Ado Muktar, gave the order as a result of the respondent’s continued absence from court without valid reasons. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the petitioner, through her counsel, Mr Mohammed Jega, informed the court that her husband, Deji Lawal, was intentionally ignoring the court summons. Jega urged the court to invoke Order 9, Rule 3 of The Area Court Rule, which states that the court could proceed with the case in the absence of the respondent. Buhari to repair State House buildings with N4.5bn He locked food up in the store, kept the key; insisted  I… ‘My husband pushed me into gutter, left deep cut on my head… My husband put knife to my throat, forcefully had sex with… ‘He spends all his resources on alcohol and Indian hemp,… Fatima filed a divorce case against Lawal on the grounds of Khuli. She said that she was no longer interested in her husband of two years and wished to divorce him. The complainant told the court that she was ready to return the N50,000 dowry the defendant paid on her. Khuli, under the Islamic Law, means dislike which is an acceptable ground for divorce. Muktar adjourned the case till October 14 to give the respondent another chance to appear before giving his judgment. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!