Christians have been enjoined to uphold the tenets of Christianity as enshrined in the Holy Bible and other Christian literature in order to build a more prosperous nation. Both men gave the counsel in Abuja on Sunday during the launch of 4 books written by Pastor Peter Balogun all reflecting several themes aimed at enhancing the spiritual life of Christians. The chairman of the book launch and Director-General, National Council for Arts and Culture, Otunba Olusegun Runsewe set the ball rolling in his opening remarks by commending the author for propagating the message of a sound Christian culture through book writing. Runsewe encouraged everyone in attendance and indeed all Christians to get copies of the books, read and absorb the life-changing messages contained therein. ALSO READ: Insecurity: S/E govs. meet in Enugu, set to hold talks with Buhari Besides the 18 books already published by Pastor Balogun who is the senior pastor of Citizens Church in Abuja, the four titles launched on Sunday include the Obed Edom testimony, Understanding Kingdom Secrets, Destroying Ancient Altars and the Mighty God Reviewing the book, “The Obed Edom Testimony,” Barr. Kehinde Ogunwumiju gave a deep insight into the scriptural themes embedded in the book which according to him if imbibed, will help us live worthy Christian lives. Low budget hindering growth of Nigerian movies production —… We will partner with NAFDAC to rid Oyo of illicit drugs ―… November election is about Ijaw nation ― Dickson Tony Elumelu Foundation shortlists 5,240 Entrepreneurs for… He praised the author’s drive and divine inspiration in putting together the text saying the effort will impact positively on the Christian culture in Nigeria. The reviewer of two books, “Destroying Ancient Altars” and “The Mighty God,” Pastor Dayo Olutayo was apt in capturing the essence of both books in the life of Christians as reflected in the Holy Bible admitting that the writer asked him to review two out of the 4 books launched due to the love they share in the body of Christ. The fourth book, Understanding Kingdom Secrets was reviewed by Mrs. Tosin Dokpesi and she listed the chapters and their titles relating them to the author’s attempt to demystify the deep secrets which a Christian must embrace in order to make heaven. The media Veteran explained the clarity of purpose which the author demonstrates in his choice of action words and scriptural references throughout the book, commending Pastor Balogun for the noble effort. After a successful launch, Pastor Balogun delivered his vote of thanks, expressing his heartfelt gratitude to everyone especially Otunba Runsewe who came to support him while also praying for God’s blessings on them. He especially recognised and appreciated his wife and children for their love and understanding in the course of painstakingly putting the texts together. Fielding questions from journalists, the man of God revealed that he was inspired by God to write the books which according to him, were written to address specific issues in people’s lives. He encouraged Nigerians to cultivate the culture of reading books that will enhance their spiritual wellbeing. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!