An FCT High Court in Nyanya on Monday ordered Mr Chibuzor Eze to pay a sum of N10,000 for failing to appear in court to take his matter in alleged culpable homicide preferred against one Tijani Mohammed. Mohammed was arraigned on a one-count charge bordering on culpable homicide. Justice Peter Kekemeke gave the order after receiving a letter from Eze praying for adjournment. Kekemeke, in addition, ordered that the counsel should pay the amount to the court and obtain a receipt which must be shown to the court at the next adjourned date He added that today’s date was fixed in the presence of the council and he never objected to it and did not indicate that he would not be around. He then adjourned the matter until Nov. 6 for the continuation of defence. Earlier, the prosecuting counsel, Mr Kufreabasi Ebong, earlier alleged that the defendant had stabbed and killed one Samsudeen Abdullahi with a knife at Anguwan Hausawa, Karu, FCT. Ebong said the offence contravened Section 221 of the Penal Code. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the allegation against him. In his evidence in chief, on Oct. 24, Mohammed said that the incident occurred on July 14, 2017, when he was arrested by the police and taken to Karu station. Mohammed said one day he was at his Barber’s shop when the deceased and one Nuhu were engaged in a fight in front of the shop. He claimed that he went to make peace between the two, but that the deceased accused him of being biased. Edo 2020: Facilities to be ready before Dec. 31 ― Deputy… Stanbic IBTC graduates 16th batch of trainees PDP, Atiku plotting to malign Supreme Court Justices, APC… IPPIS saga: ASUU threatens strike action if forced to join… He said the following day, he was returning from the Mosque at about 8 p.m. when he was attacked by the deceased and five of his friends. The defendant said the deceased pushed him and one of his friends took a plank from the gutter and hit him with it. “Samsudeen brought out a knife and wanted to stab me; I pushed him down and ran away. ALSO READ: Court fixes Dec. 18 to hear N100m suit filed against CCECC by worker “On July 14, 2017, on my way to my shop, some policemen stopped me and said I was under arrest for the death of Samsudeen. “They took me to their station at Karu and handcuffed me. “I met Nuhu at the police station, the Investigation Officer (IPO) asked us to bring N150,000 each. I could not afford it, but Nuhu’s parents gave the money and he (Nuhu) was released,’’ he told the court. He also alleged that the police had rejected the statement he gave, beat him up and forced him to sign the one written by them. Mohammed further told the court that the same thing happened when he was taken to the police command headquarters and handed over to one Sani Yakubu, as he was also forced to sign a different statement. The defendant told the court that he was in the company of one Hamza and one Papa when the deceased and his friends attacked him. He further said that he did not run away on the night of the fight as alleged by the police, but was at home. The defence counsel prayed the court for a date to enable him to bring his remaining witnesses. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!