A 35 -year-old man, Ibrahim Adamu, has dragged his parents in-law before the Magajin Gari Shari’a Court in Kaduna State, Kaduna State, accusing them of foisting their already pregnant daughter on him in marriage. The defendants are Sani Dogon-Zikiri, his father in-law and Laura Sani, his mother in-law, both accused of deceit and breach of trust. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the plaintiff, who resides at Rijjana village, told the court through his counsel, Mr Hussaini Yakubu, that the defendants had deceitfully gotten their daughter married to him knowing she was already pregnant. The plaintiff accused his wife, Nafisa Sani of allegedly conniving with her parents to deceive him. “The complainant and his wife had conducted a pregnancy test shortly after marriage which confirmed that she was two weeks pregnant before the wedding. BREAKING: FG, Labour reach agreement on minimum wage implementation He dates women older than him, infected me with STDs,… She’s weird, overpowers me when we fight, threatens me with… ‘He collected N100,000 from me, but refused to give me her… My husband spends his fortune on women, have sex with them… “He then asked his wife about the pregnancy and she confirmed that the pregnancy wasn’t his,” the counsel to the plaintiff’ told the court. The counsel prayed the court to compel the defendants to pay his client the sum of N100, 000 as compensation for deception. The defendants, through their lawyer, Mr Abubakar Suleiman, denied the allegations. Suleiman argued that the plaintiff ought to have raised the alarm the very moment he discovered his wife’s alleged pregnancy rather than wait until the baby was born. The defense counsel submitted that the plaintiff was the father of the child, hence, there was no need to pay any compensation. The judge, Malam Muhammad Adamu-Shehu adjourned the case till November 11, to enable the plaintiff present his witnesses before the court. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....