The Center for Peace and Environmental Justice (CEPEJ) has donated a 200-horse power, luxury speed boat to the Nigeria Maritime University, Okerenkoko, Delta State. The national coordinator of CEPEJ, Comrade Sheriff Mulade and his management team, handed over the 12-passengers-capacity boat with the inscription ‘Africa 4 Peace’ to the management and academic staff of the university as the group’s support to the institution. The university delegates, cadets and students, led by the Vice-Chancellor of the university, who was represented by the librarian, Dr Baba Aduku, received the luxury water cruiser on behalf of the institution. He described the donation as the first of its kind to the institution since it was  established. He added that transportation was fundamental to the development of the University, maintaining that the donation was a timely solution and intervention to the transportation need of the varsity. Ghana president, first lady thrilled at FOCOS charity for… Facebook removes coordinated fake accounts in Nigeria, UAE,… Facebook launches Threads from Instagram, new camera-first… Nigeria Customs Service explains reason for operation at… Comrade Mulade, while handing over the boat, described the gesture as “a demonstration of our NGO’s recognition of the uniqueness of the university, both in the development of human capital for the maritime industry nationally and for the promotion of sustainable peace, security and development in the Niger Delta Region”. ALSO READ: Reps berate FG over order for states not to fix federal roads He called on well-meaning Nigerians, corporate organizations and international donors to support the university. Dignitaries from the institution at the ceremony included, the Registrar, Dr. Alfred Mulade, Ag. Dean of Faculty, Marine Environmental Management,  Prof. Perekebina Bariwei, the Dean, Faculty of Engineering, represented by Dr. Mafel Obhuo, the Director of Regimentation and Sports, Navy Commodore Kingdom Itoko (Rtd) and a host of others. Highlights of the event was a ceremonial parade by the school cadets to appreciate the NGO for the noble gesture. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.