Chairman, Lagos State chapter of All Progressives Congress (APC), Alhaji Tunde Balogun, on Friday welcomed into the party fold a chieftain of leading opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Hon. Tajudeen Agoro and hundreds of his supporters, declaring that with the defection, PDP was dead and buried in Lagos Mainland. Agoro, is a former member of Lagos State House of Assembly between 1999 and 2003 and the collation agent for the PDP governorship candidate, Mr Jimi Agbaje in 2015 and 2019 respectively. Balogun, who expressed joy while welcoming the former lawmaker, who he described as a brother, a friend and a grassroots politician, said his coming apart from being “homecoming” was “a blessing to APC,” pointing out that the party can now go to sleep concerning total control of Lagos Mainland politics and votes. This was just as the party boss, who spoke at the APC state headquarters on ACME Road in Agidingbi area of the state, disclosed that top politicians including those from PDP, who recently decamped to APC, such as top musician, Abbas Akande Obesere; Senator Adeseye Ogunlewe, Hon. Moshood Salvador, Chief Remi Adikwu, among others, would be formally welcomed to the party next month at a grand reception. “With your coming into APC, Lagos Mainland is now secured. So having you around is a blessing to APC,” Balogun said, even as he further described Hon. Agoro as an experienced, and a brilliant as well as a vocal politician, “who has a voice and is not voiceless.” Speaking further, the APC chairman, Balogun, asserted that the party in the state and Nigeria in general, from the onset, had been a blessing to Lagos and Nigeria, declaring that it was a platform destined to rule Lagos rather than any other. According to him, this could be seen in the way and manner chieftains of PDP, including former Minister of Works, Senator Ogunlewe, former PDP Chairman in Lagos, Hon. Salvador; Chief Olawale Cole, among others had decamped from their party and moved over to APC. Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole ALSO READ: We must win war against drug abuse ― Buhari He assured the decampees that not only were they welcomed as the APC door was open, but that all the rights enjoyed by members would be accorded them, declaring that the party treated every member as equal joiner and founder. Also speaking, the APC vice chairman in the state, Hakeem Bamgbala, said Agoro and the team he led in Lagos Mainland remained a very strong factor to reckon with, declaring: “I know with the coming of this group, we are 100per cent in control of Lagos Mainland votes.” “There is no group as strong as Tajudeen’s group, he understands the work,” he added. Speaking earlier, Hon. Agoro, expressed his strong belief in Lagos dream, saying that he was in politics to better the lot of his people, asserting that his dream would be better realised in APC and therefore, the reason why he opted for the party ahead of 2023 poll. The former lawmaker applauded the efforts of former Lagos State governor, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, describing him as a leader with mission and vision. While condemning the approach of PDP to politics, Agoro said: “The way the PDP is going about it in Lagos, there is no way you can add value to people in Lagos, I have been in it, I have seen it all. I need to move forward because I want to be part of adding value to Lagos State.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....