Former Minister of Transport, Professor Sam Oyovbaire and the Vice President of the National Conference of Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport of Nigeria (East), Chief Anthony Onoharigho, on Friday, lamented the deplorable state of roads across the country. The duo decried the deplorable state of roads at a one-day national conference and annual general meeting held at Wellington Hotel, Effurun-Warri, Delta State. Chief Onoharigho, in his welcome address, said the deteriorating roads across the country, especially in Delta State, was not only worrying, but called for urgent attention. While narrating his experience while heading for Warri for the conference, the CILT’s VP (East) described the horrible condition as unusual. “Let me start by acknowledging the difficulty that some of us encountered yesterday to get here (Warri). “This is not usual but as a result of the deteriorating roads that characterised the Nigerian landscape and road network which has been further deteriorated by the advent of the rains,” he noted. ALSO READ: EFCC arrests ‘419’ syndicate that defrauded professor of mathematics PDP promises to liberate Kogi people as they flag-off… Several injured as PDP, APC supporters clash in Bayelsa LASEMA rescues five victims in Lagos collapsed building Edo govt begins removal of illegal structures Giving his welcome address, chairman of the conference, Prof Oyovbaire, wondered why after several years of Nigeria’s independence, a dichotomy among federal, state and local government roads and who should fix them still subsist. “Almost 60 years after independence, it’s shocking that our governments are still talking about federal, state and local government roads and who should fix them. “Who cares who owns the bad roads? Do users care about who owns the roads or who repairs them? Don’t they pay taxes to governments? the Pro Chancellor and chairman of the Governing Council, Delta State University, Abraka, queried. Prof Oyovbaire, a former Minister of Transport, with nostalgia, reflected on the glorious days of the country when, though roads were narrow, were smooth and safe, which, he said, underscored the unity of purpose that existed. CILT Warri branch, led by its chairman, Mr Felix Nakpodia, is host to the ongoing national conference at Effurun-Warri which enjoyed the blessing of Ovie of Umiagwa-Abraka Kingdom, HRM Lucky Ochuko who was presented with a plaque. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!