Barely 24 hours after Osun State chairman of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), Dr Bayo Faforiji resigned his position and membership of the party, no fewer than 11 chairmen at the local government level have dumped the party. Similarly, the chairman of the party in Osun West Senatorial District, Mr Ogungboyega Adetoye had also left the party. Others stalwarts, who also dumped SDP in Osun include the deputy chairman, Mr Folaranmi Hamzat state women leader, Alhaja Iyabo Oyedele and Prince Adeboye Akinyemi, the state house of assembly aspirant at the last election from Odo otin constituency. The names of the chairmen are Ojo kamarudeen Elegunmeje chairman Ayedaade local government, Odeleye J Olu, chairman Boluwaduro, David A.Olukanni of Atakunmosa East, Ireakari Fapohunda of Oriade local government and Adekola Semiu of Egbedore local government. Others are Akande Akeem SDP party chairman in Iwo local government and Adediran Olusola SDP chairman for Boripe local government. Worker’s salary increase: Buhari is ready for honest,… zero tolerance on maternal mortality has paid off ― Aisha… Gov Bello provides free stationeries for Kogi pupils,… NILDS, stakeholders applaud FG’s direct payment of… ALSO READ: World Teachers’ Day: Provost blames teachers’ truancy on lack of appreciation Credible sources informed TribuneOnline that their resolve to quit the party was not unconnected to the rumoured plan of the party to field the former deputy governor of Osun State, Senator Iyiola Omisore as the candidate of the SDP in 2022 governorship election in Osun State. Reacting over the development, state organising secretary of the party, Hon Ayotunde Solomon said: “Faforiji and others chairmen are members of PDP in disguise. They are due to be expelled today for anti-party activities. We have not concluded to use Senator Iyiola Omisore as SDP governorship candidate in 2022. The 2022 gubernatorial election is still far away.” Similarly, the deputy national chairman of SDP, South, Dr Olu Agunloye in a WhatsApp message to journalists in Osogbo said “the national headquarters of the party called Dr Bayo Faforiji erstwhile Osun State chairman on Monday, 30 Sept 2019 to inform him about the readiness of national headquarters to dissolve Osun State Working Committee (SWC) and replace it with caretaker committee.” The message reads “the national headquarters informed him of willingness to provide him with a soft landing. He (Faforiji) spent considerable time yesterday (1 October 2019) discussing with national leadership on various scenarios including the three names he suggested to be on the proposed committee.” “He then promised that he will decide on October 2. At about 7 pm yesterday, he sent in his letter of resignation. On the 3rd of October 2019, Osun SWC will be formally dissolved and a 17-man panel will be sworn in as CTC. Where ever possible, the national headquarters will strive to provide a soft landing in cases of dissolution but will not compromise the on appropriate changes that may be necessary to move forward.” How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.