Mixed reactions have continued to trail the arraignment and the continued detention of the convener of #RevolutionNow protests and publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore, in Department of State Security (DSS) custody. Tribune Online reports that Sowore who was also the candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC) in the 2019 presidential election was again arraigned before a Federal High Court sitting in Abuja on a seven-count charge bordering on treasonable felony on Monday. The prosecution, Office of the Attorney-General of the Federation, alleged that Sowore conspired to commit a treasonable felony in breach of Section 516 of the Criminal Code Act Cap C38 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 2004 and punishable the same section of the Act. The prosecution represented by the Chief State Counsel, A. K Alilu, also alleged that the defendants committed the offence by allegedly staging, “a revolution campaign on August 5, 2019, aimed at removing the President and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.” It also accused Sowore of cybercrime offences in violation of section 24(1)(b) of the Cybercrimes (Prohibition, Prevention) Act, by “knowingly” sending “messages by means of press interview granted on Arise Television network which you knew to be false for the purpose of causing insult, enmity, hatred and ill-will on the person of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.” It also accused Sowore of money laundering offences in breach of section 15(1) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act, 2011 by allegedly transferring by means of swift wire, various sums of money from his United Bank of Africa Plc account with number 3002246104 into Sahara Reporters Media Foundation’s account with Guaranty Trust Bank in order to conceal the origin of the funds. Sowore, however, pleaded not guilty to the seven counts charges preferred against him. ALSO READ: #NigeriaAt59: Google celebrates #October1st #IndependenceDay with doodle When Tribune Online reported Sowore’s arrival at the court premises earlier today, Nigerians followers of Tribune’s social media platform, Facebook react to the report which garnered over 98 comments, 136 likes, and shared 40 times. Below are some of the comments: Adeyemo Ademola Oluwasegun said: “I hope the judiciary performs its responsibility without fear of intimidation from the power that be because blatant disrespect of court orders/constitution is fast becoming the hallmark of this government.” #NigeriaAt59: Nigerians must be optimistic for greater… #NigeriaAt59: Don’t be despaired, Lawan tells… Wamakko calls for support with Buhari in moving to next… #NigeriaAt59: Amnesty Nigeria makes eight-point call on FG Aniowo Malachy said: “For our courts to be respected, they should force the government to abide by their orders by declining to hear fresh applications against the person.” Edwards David said: “A very good orchestrated plan for Sowore. The FG has played to the ploy of Sowore. The politics of sympathy has been activated against a tyrant system. On his part, Vicodaj Victor Odunayo said: “Thank God, Sowore now knows the difference between a complete gentleman (Goodluck Jonathan) and PMB. They used him (Sowore) against Jonathan, he is paying for it now.” Tunde Lawuyi: “Stay strong, never doubt your belief, and never waver in your determination; for tomorrow is greater than today. That was what Abiola died for, and became a national hero for. “For then, it was treason, but today it was patriotism. Learn from his historical narrative, which shifted the focus from method to cause. It is a narrative that tyrants can’t understand and so with a wave of the hand dismiss rule of law and justice only to regret later,” Lawuyi added. Omodayo Olawoye warned the Federal Government not to fall for Sowore’s antics. He urged the DSS not to allow Sowore to be granted bail. “Nnamdi Kanu submitted his passport to the court but jumped bail with his passport too. Today, he is junketing all over the world putting one finger up to the court that holds his passport. “Omoyele Sowore has submitted his passport but waiting to leg it with his passport. Treason is not bailable. Omoyele’s home is America. Home is where his immediate family lives and that’s New York City. “I have no sympathy for him. He is a politician that wanted to kick out a legitimate President out of office through his revolution. “Like his second country usually say: ‘If you can’t do the time don’t commit the crime.’ He committed a crime so he should do the time. #ISTANDWITHTHEDSSONTHIS.” Onwuka Akpala said: “If you want to be future president/great person, try as much as possible to go the jail in Nigeria and make sure they charge you to court too. You blow then.” Promise Omoregie added that: “God bless Sowore and we pray his being freed.” How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.