‘Born again’ Kanye West once complained about his wife’s look to the Met gala – In an episode of their reality TV show, Kim Kardashian can be seen getting ready for the Met gala and that’s when Kanye airs his views about her dress – Kanye told his wife he wasn’t too comfortable seeing her reveal so much, this caused Kim to react. An episode of ‘Keeping Up With The Kardashians’ has shown the drama that ensued over Kim’s look to the Met Gala ball that held recently. From all indications ‘born again’ Kanye complained about his wife looking ‘too s3xy’ and she kicked back. Kim showed up at the Met ball in a corset dress that clinched every inch of her body and was adorned with pearls that made it look like she was emerging from water and dripping. Most fans loved the look except her husband who made his views known to her a night before the high profile event. CKAY gives Beethoven 21st century upgrade in “Way” MTN celebrates community heroes in Lagos,  Abuja & Port… Ambassador Romoke Ayinde celebrates Social media: Comedian Koffi advises youths on time… Russia to support construction of 1,400km rail track from Lagos to Calabar ― Presidency Kanye who showed up where she was fitting the dress said: “Like, the corset, underwear, all that vibe…I just feel like I just went through this transition of being a rapper and lookin’ at all these girls,” he said. “I didn’t realise that that was affecting, like, my soul and my spirit.” The singer also made it clear that he’s not super into Kim showing off her body since he’s “someone that’s married and in love and the father of what’s about to be four kids.” Naturally, Kim wasn’t having the rubbish thrown at her by her husband and seemed visibly pissed, saying: “The night before, you’re going to come in here and say you’re not into the corset look? You’re giving me really bad anxiety….I don’t need any more negative energy.” It became a more heated exchange but Kanye stuck to his view saying :“You are my wife and it affects me when pictures are too s3xy.” Kim then responded saying: “You built me up to be a s3xy person and have confidence! Just because you’re on a journey and you’re in a transformation doesn’t mean I’m in the same spot with you.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!