The Minister of State Health, Dr. Olorunnimbe Mamora, has launched the Speak Up, Cry Out Campaign against Child Sexual Molestation and Abuse. The launch was during the Federal Government Girls’ College (FGGC), Gboko alumni’s, first annual general meeting (AGM) 2019 held at the Merit House, Aguiyi Ironsi Street, Maitama, Abuja with the theme, ‘Gboko Babes: Arise, Connect and be Inspired.’ The launch which coincided with the first anniversary of the passing on of a student of FGGC, Gboko, Elizabeth Ochanya, who met her untimely death following health complications as a result of continuous rape by her uncle and his son, was geared at forestalling future recurrence of such acts by encouraging young people to Speak Up and Cry Out once they experience unfavourable happenings and to provide them with the systemic empowerment and support to do so. Nasarawa Police arrests pastor, 46 suspects for armed robbery, kidnap, other crimes Single HIV screening in early pregnancy inadequate… ‘Doctors, professionals that commit suicide the most’ Niger to commence kidney transplant at IBB specialist… Anambra govt to establish trauma centre for improved… The minister in his remarks decried this unfortunate circumstance and said that, “there is power in the spoken word because when an individual speaks out, the world speaks out.” “When we keep silent, we are part of the problem. We should always speak out on any ills of the society to enable us have a better society,” he said, urging the alumni to partner with government towards achieving a better society. The Minister of Women Affairs, Pauline Tallen, represented at the occasion, in her remarks stated that every year, millions of children in Nigeria suffer physical, sexual and emotional violence. She noted that government remained committed to ensuring that all children are protected from abuse, violence, exploitation and neglect. The Minister of State, Education, Chukuemeka Nwajuiba, also represented, in his speech said the Ministry of Education would continue to strengthen systems and processes “to ensure that our learning environment and content of education offers well rounded education to any child to keep them safe away from traces of danger and equip them to speak up and fight against any form of abuse.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!