National Assembly chapel of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, (NUJ), has honoured the Senior Special Assistant ( Media and Publicity) to Gombe state Governor, Ismaila Uba Misilli with a meritorious service award. The award was given to him during a ceremony held at the National Assembly Complex Abuja, with members taking turns to shower encomiums on Uba Misilli, describing him as a thoroughbred, hard-working and resourceful Journalist with a penchant for excellence. Director of Information, Mr Rawlings Agada who congratulated the SSA Media on his new appointment, noted that Ismaila Misilli carved a niche for himself as a prolific writer, eloquent presenter and media personality that the National Assembly will continue to be proud of. He expressed confidence in the ability and capacity of Uba Misilli to deliver, noting that in the few months of his work in Gombe, he has been able to create good media image and visibility for his principal. ALSO READ: Afreximbank president receives two awards in US Alleged pension scam: Court remands Maina in prison Bauchi govt spends over N48.1bn on education, housing,… 96-year-old man marries 73-year-old heartthrob in Abuja NILDS DG backs Senate on delisting of political parties He advised him to remain focused and maintain his usual mien while discharging his new duty. In her remarks, NUJ NASS Chapel Acting Chairman, Asma’u Baikie commended the leadership style of comrade Misilli, saying his tenure as Chairman marked a turning point in the history of the union, with remarkable achievements recorded. She charged him to bring to bear, his wealth of experience, goodwill and network in his new assignment. On his part, Chairman of Federal Capital Territory ( FCT) Correspondents’ Chapel, Mr Phillips Nyam recalled the excellent relationship between his chapter and NASS Chapel, which he attributed to the disposition of Ismaila Misilli and his leadership acumen. There were goodwill messages from other Directors, heads of units and other stakeholders. Highlights of the event included presentation of meritorious service award, gifts and cutting of cake among other activities. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!