The Organised Labour under the auspices of the Joint National Public Service Negotiating Council (JNPSNC), Trade Union Side (TUS) has demanded that the N30,000 national minimum wage implementation must commence from April 18, 2019, the date the new Minimum Wage was signed into law by President Muhammadu Buhari. Labour also stressed the urgent need for a general salary review in the Public Service, saying it was urgently looking forward to the review as promised by the Federal Government during the negotiation on the consequential adjustment. Labour made these demands while commending the Federal Government and other stakeholders that participated in the just-concluded negotiation on consequential adjustment arising from the N30,000 monthly new National Minimum Wage. “We also wish to advise that since the 2019 National Minimum Wage was signed into Law by Mr President on 18th April 2019, the implementation should start from that date so as not to trigger off another avoidable round of agitation by Public Service employees and their Trade Unions,” the JNPSNC TUS said in a statement signed by its Acting Chairman, Comrade Anchaver Simon and the Secretary, Comrade Alade Bashir Lawal, on Monday. The statement added: “We are particularly glad that the Labour Minister has urged all employers covered by the 2019 National Minimum Wage Act to commence payment failing which the Trade Unions should declare Trade Disputes against such employers at the Ministry or drag them to the National Industrial Court. “We are also glad that government has taken note of the need for a general salary review in the Public Service. We are looking forward to this review and we hope that the Federal Government will keep to its promise which was made during the negotiation of consequent adjustment.” Nigerian Army sensitizes Media Influencers, Journalists on… NAFEST back to home of culture after 40 years ― Obaseki NNPC operating revenue drops by N15.69bn in July Sanwo-Olu, BATN foundation laud farmers’ role in food… ALSO READ:   We’ll get state govts to pay higher minimum wage ― NLC Also, labour commended the Federal Government and other stakeholders that participated in the just-concluded negotiation, saying that representatives of government and Organised Labour exerted so much energy, dedication, and intellect during the prolonged negotiation on consequential adjustment before reaching Agreement acceptable to both parties. The statement said: “It is necessary to commend millions of workers at the Federal and 36 States Public Services for their patience, understanding, and for the confidence, they reposed in the leadership of the TUS of the JNPSNC to carry out the negotiation to its logical conclusion. “We also wish to put on record the marvellous role played by the leadership of the Trade Union Congress of Nigeria (TUC) and that of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) in ensuring a successful negotiation.” The council equally hailed the Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, for properly managing the Trade Dispute when the Government Side tried to derail the negotiation leading to marathon meetings in his office before Agreement could be reached. According to the council, the Acting Head of the Civil Service of the Federation, Mrs Folashade Yemi-Esan, also deserved commendation for bringing her motherly disposition to bear on the negotiation process and for assuring the nation that necessary arrears would be paid. It expressed the hope that all sides at the just concluded negotiation had learnt few lessons that would enable them to avoid similar mistakes in future including attempts by some fifth columnist on Government Side to derail Collective Bargaining process. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!