In the pursuit of their commitment to promote technological, scientific, and industrial innovation for sustainable agriculture, OCP Group and Mohammed VI Polytechnic University are organizing the 5th International Symposium on Innovation and Technology in the Phosphate Industry from October 7 to 9, 2019, in Benguerir. Launched in 2011, this biennial event has become the international innovation hub for phosphate and its derivatives. On the theme of innovative and disruptive technologies for a sustainable phosphate industry, Symphos 2019 will showcase new methods and trends in phosphate processing. Research and development prospects in the industry will also be central to the meetings and discussions involving more than 900 participants from some 40 countries, who will gather in Benguerir. The global phosphate business ecosystem will be represented by global industry leaders, equipment manufacturers and suppliers, start-ups and new technology designers, research institutions, academics and learned societies, specialiSed design and engineering firms and associations consulting firms, and associations. Governors afraid of organising flamboyant parties because of EFCC ―… How Nigeria can generate billions of Naira from coconut… Ogun govt tasks cashew farmers on processing Oyo govt launches Anchor Borrowers Programme We have technologies in place to regulate  genome editing,… Symphos 2019 will benefit from world-class infrastructure as it will be held within the Benguerir Mohammed VI Green City, a higher learning and science cluster that promotes sustainable development on the African continent. On the program presented by the Mohammed VI Polytechnic University, there will be plenary sessions, workshops, round tables, oral presentations, and B2B meetings. Visits to OCP Group sites will also be offered to participants. In total, 18 themes will be covered with a focus on smart fertilizers, disruptive technologies, environment and sustainability, circular economy, and process and resource optimization. This year’s Symphos will also be marked by the introduction of new themes and methods concerning the role of ammonia, an essential element in soil fertilization, and the challenges that accompany digitalization and artificial intelligence. Additionally, the establishment of an international network for the Symphos community will be announced. Composed of scientists and industrialists, this entity’s mandate will be to develop research work on the benefits of phosphorus and phosphates based on a high-quality scientific and technical approach. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!