A committee set up by the Zamfara State government to find a solution to the elusive peace and security in the state has recommended the dethronement of five Emirs and removal of 33 district heads for their alleged involvement in banditry in the state. Presenting its report to Governor Bello Mattawale, on Friday, at the Government House, Gusau, the chairman of the committee, Mohammed Abubakar, said the committee made 132 recommendations to the state and federal governments. Abubakar, a former Inspector General of Police, disclosed that in the course of its assignment, the committee held public hearings in all the 14 local government areas of the state. According to him, the committee had interactions with about 4,000 people, including repentant bandits, who gave testimonies as to the causes of banditry in the state. Legislative agenda: Buhari tasks NASS on good legislations UPDATE: Petrol on sale at Futga Filling Station in Delta not… Poor materials, major cause for building collapses in… Sowore, Bakare yet to meet bail conditions Flood: Ondo govt closes schools for three weeks He explained that between June 2011 and May 2019, no fewer than 6,319 people lost their lives to banditry, adding that 4,483 women became widows and 25,053 orphans in the state. He said a total of N3 billion was said to have been offered to kidnappers at different times to secure the release of kidnap victims in the state. The committee recommended that five Emirs and 33 district heads be removed, having been found to be complicit in the activities of bandits. It also recommended an Emir and two district heads for national honours for their hard work in tackling insecurity in their domains. In his response, Governor Mattawale thanked the committee for its efforts at seeing that the state became peaceful for all to live in. He gave the assurance that the committee’s recommendations would be adopted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!