57-year-old landlord, Jamiu Animashaun, was on Monday docked at a Tinubu Magistrates’ Court in Lagos for allegedly defrauding his female tenant of N1.5 million on the pretext of selling her a vehicle. The defendant, who is facing a one-count charge of fraud, pleaded innocent of the offence. The Prosecutor, Insp. Ajaga Agboko told the court that the defendant committed the offence sometime in Jan. 2018 at No. 44 Association Avenue, Shangisha, Magodo, Lagos State. ALSO READ: Transport unions to deepen consciousness of members against reckless driving in Ebonyi He said that the defendant, a landlord, collected N1.5 million from his tenant, Madam Toyosi Oreoluwa, with the pretext of selling her his Acura MDX vehicle. 16 arrested, fined N12,500 in Oyo for illegal waste disposal Fake lawyer defrauds corps member,three others on Facebook Businesswoman docked for allegedly assaulting EKEDC official 29-year-old man remanded over alleged defilement of friend’s… He added that the defendant had refused to hand over the vehicle to her and has not refunded the complainant’s money since 2018. Agboko sad that the offence contravened Section 314 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015 which stipulated 15 years imprisonment for fraud. The Magistrate, Mr T. A. Anjorin-Ajose admitted Animashaun to N200,000 bail with two sureties in like sum. He adjourned the case until Nov. 7 for mention. NAN.https://newsroom.nan.ng/landlord-57-in-court-for-allegedly-defrauding-tenant-of-n1-5m/ SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!