THE Kogi State Commissioner of Police, CP Hakeem Busari has said that the impeached Deputy Governor of Kogi State, Elder Simon Achuba is not under any house arrest as speculated by some socio media. Speaking with newsmen on Saturday on the situation he also cleared the air why policemen barricaded the house of the former deputy governor of the State Elder Simon Achuba. ALSO READ: Private universities crucial to Nigeria’s educational development — Osinbajo CP Busari debunked the report that the impeached deputy governor is under house arrest stressing that,  the presence of security personnel in the official residence of the Deputy Governor was to prevent looting of government property. UNILORIN win 3rd JAMB tertiary institutions football tourney FG did not reject our offer to repair federal roads linking… Gowon harps on industrialisation to drive export Buhari charges new Odole Oodua, Kessington Adebutu on… According to him, this followed the advice given to Achuba to relocate away from the official residence of the deputy governor since he is no longer entitled to stay there. It was earlier reported that there was the presence of fully armed security personnel manning the gate of the official residence of the deputy governor and preventing visitors from going in nor allowed out of the house. Busari said that the security personnel at the gate would be there until he finally moves out of the house. The embattled Deputy Governor was impeachment on Friday shortly after the John Baiyeshea seven man committee investigating allegations of gross misconduct against him submitted its report. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....