The Reformed Niger Delta Avengers (RNDA) on Tuesday threatened to destroy oil and gas facilities in all the Niger Delta region if Chairman of the Presidential Amnesty Programme, Professor Charles Dokubo is sacked. The militant group issued the threat in a statement widely made available to journalists in the Niger Delta region allegedly after a crucial meeting in Benin River in Delta State, led by Johnmark Ezon-Ebi also known as Obama. It alleged that those clamouring for the removal of Professor Dokubo to be replaced by a Niger Delta impostor leader in Abuja should desist forthwith. The group alleged that there is a rising tension within the nine states of the Niger Delta region following the alleged plot by some top politicians to prevail on President Muhammadu Buhari to sack Dokubo and Mike Loyibo. It warned that some agitating youths and militant groups are prepared to resume hostilities to cripple the nation’s economy with a well-coordinated attack to all oil facilities and oil pipelines across the length and breadth of the region. ALSO READ: Delta State Polytechnic convocation holds Saturday It attributed the reason for the renewed threats against the fragile peace accord between the Federal Government and the ex-militants to the alleged plot by a cabals to prevail on the president to remove Professor Dokubo. FG achieves 96.4 per cent success in aviation security ―… APC, PDP bicker over Fayemi’s achievement in Ekiti Fayemi berates directive asking states not to fix federal… Bayelsa guber: Sylva, three former speakers to lead… RNDA, a coalition of nine militant groups, which accepted a ceasefire with FG to maintain peace since August 21, 2016, warned that “the removal would lead to a renewed crisis in the region. It noted that there had been too many changes in the headship of the Amnesty office which, it presumed, is affecting the smooth running of the Amnesty Programme since it’s establishment. The group also pointed out that the “anti-Niger Deltan” plot will only take the region back to the dark era and will be resisted by the arsenals and firepower of the RNDA by any means necessary in the creek. “It is quite painful and worrisome that the APC National Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole is being used. “Adams Oshiomhole should know better than he is toying with selfish, self-centred and corrupt persons that are calling for Dokubo’s removal,” it alleged. The RNDA also insinuated that those behind the plot are hand in gloves with some PDP elements in Delta State, warning the reverberating effects of the sack plot, if hatched, will be devastating. It, therefore, called on “President Muhammadu Buhari and the National Security Adviser, Babagana Monguno, to ignore all the lies and falsehoods being peddled and levelled against Dokubo. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!