It has been confirmed that Six new deaths have been recorded in the Yellow Fever outbreak in Bauchi State, thereby bringing the total number of confirmed deaths across the state to 22 even as immunization of workers in the oil exploration sites in the state has begun to avoid the spread of the outbreak. The disclosure was made on Monday by the Executive Chairman of the Bauchi State Primary Health Care Development Agency (BSPHCDA), Dr Rilwanu Mohammed while giving an update on the deadly disease. Rilwanu Mohammed disclosed that no fewer than 143 suspected cases of Yellow Fever were recorded in the state out of which 24 cases were confirmed and 22 deaths saying that all the cases were from Alkaleri local government area of the state. World Mental Health Day: Salem urges FG to open suicide… Radiology services still too expensive for many patients… ‘3m unregistered pharmaceutical premises exist in Nigeria’ Physician laments prevalent cases of depression amongst… ALSO READ: Bauchi first lady appointed HIV, malaria advocacy chairperson He further disclosed that 10 out of the 22 people that died of Yellow Fever were rangers working within the Yankari Games Reserve adding that only 79 percent coverage was recorded in the ongoing immunisation campaign against the vector that carries the disease. The BSPHCDA Executive Chairman lamented that some people were still declining to take the vaccine hence the deaths that are still being recorded just as he disclosed that besides the 500,000 doses of vaccine provided by the federal government, the state has received another batch of 600,000 vaccines. Rilwanu Mohammed explained that the vaccination would now be extended to Kirfi local government in the state, particularly the oil exploration sites, and parts of villages in the Gombe States. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!