Baffled about the continuous damage caused by incessant flooding in his community, the Baale of Ogombo, community in Etiosa Local Government Area of Lagos state, Chief Abiodun Ogunbo has called on the state government to come to the aid of his people by finding lasting solutions to what he termed the perennial flood that ravages his community and causes losses for his people. The traditional ruler made the call in his palace recently during a ceremony held in his honour by City Herald Magazine in acknowledgment of his outstanding contributions to the development of the area, as well, as the enhancement of people’s wellbeing, with particular focus on the development of Lagos state. Chief Ogunbo, while asking for government’s help in tackling his community’s flood challenge, said government should live up to its responsibilities as the community had been doing its best to salvage the terrible flood situation, adding that every time it rains, the people are put in a dilemma and for them, rain is a period to worry about the after effects of a natural situation, as the consequences is usually devastating. FG, Labour reach agreement on minimum wage implementation He urged the Lagos State Government to put the necessary infrastructure in place to further enhance the living condition of residents as there can only be development when the people live in good conditions devoid of fear and worry. Aviation sector: Growing burden of doing airline business in… Minimum wage: Labour, FG stand eyeball to eyeball Once upon a time in Zimbabwe Osun flood victims count losses after 5-hour-downpour According to him, his driving principle is to do everything within his power to ensure that all parts of Ogombo community are adequately developed in line with the government’s plan to make Lagos a megacity that will stand out in Nigeria. He explained that if the government intervenes in the community’s challenge and stops flood from ravaging the area, it will go a long way in reducing the suffering of the people and further enhance the wellbeing of the residents and endanger peaceful co-existence among them. Ogunbo further reiterated his commitment to serving his people better, and ensuring optimum development of the community, stressing that he will continue to promote love, unity and peaceful cohabitation among the indigenes and  non –indigenes in his community as a symbol of his love to serve humanity. He stated further that the award given to honour him and acknowledge his contributions was a pleasant surprise because he was not aware that the media or other organizations were conversant with his activities in Ogombo and environs. The traditional ruler called on other well meaning individuals to support efforts aimed at making the community  great and expressed his appreciation to members of the Community Development Association (CDA) for their constant support. The publisher of City Herald Magazine, Comrade Oguntuase  Adegboyega, commended the traditional ruler for  championing the  development  of  Ogombo  community and serving as an example of what leadership entails. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....