A 33-year-old man has been arrested by the police in Ogun for allegedly having unlawful carnal knowledge of a seven-year-old girl (name withheld). Abimbola Oyeyemi, the police spokesperson in the state, said in a statement in Abeokuta on Tuesday that the suspect was arrested on Friday following the complaint lodged by the father of the victim at a Sagamu Police Station. The police spokesman said that the victim’s father had complained that he came back from work in the evening of that day only to discover that the pant of the victim was stained with blood. ALSO READ: Akugba Varsity: Flood sweeps away final year student “On enquiry, the victim informed him that it was the suspect who lives in the next building that lured her into his room and sexually abused her. NDLEA arrests 65 suspects in Edo Sokoto villages hit by more than 150 bandits, several cows… Flood sweeps away final year student of Adekunle Ajasin… Court remands man for allegedly defiling 9-year-old girl “The victim, whose mother had separated from the father, was left in the care of the neighbour in the house who did not know the time when the suspect lured her to his house. “On interrogation, the suspect confessed to the commission of the crime,” he said. Oyeyemi noted that the victim had been taken to the General Hospital for medical treatment. The Commissioner of Police in the state, Bashir Makama, has already ordered the immediate transfer of the suspect to the Anti Human Trafficking and Child Labour Unit of State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department for further investigation and prosecution. NAN. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!