Kano State Governor, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, said as the country marks its 59th independence, his administration has empowered more than 200,000 youth in the state in the last four years and attention will continue to be given to youth development by tackling the challenges that keep them behind. According to him,  his administration would continue to adopt far-reaching measures aimed at promoting peaceful coexistence among the diverse ethnic nationalities in the state. The Governor, who disclosed this today at the occasion of Nigeria’s 59th Independence Anniversary Celebration held at Sani Abacha Stadium, emphasised that it was imperative and more constructive for Nigeria as a nation to remain together than to be apart. His words: “our diversity, which breeds abundance in our culture and heritage, should not be used as a tool to split us but rather brings us together for as long as there are understanding and respect.” Dr Ganduje represented by his Deputy Dr Nasiru Yusuf Gawuna described the theme of this year’s celebration ‘Peaceful Coexistence For National Unity and Development’ as appropriate in view of the numerous challenges facing the Nation which include security, religious related tensions, ethnical disintegration and indigene-settler disputes among others. ALSO READ: CSOs in Rivers warn against deliberate attempt to undermine VP Osinbajo, office In that regard, the Governor viewed reorientation of youth on the right values and attitudes as one of the intensive measures towards the promotion of peace and development of the state and the nation at large. Adamawa governor, a threat to PDP’s survival — Senator… NigeriaAt59: Natasha congratulate Kogites, Nigerians Civil Society demands review of BEDC licence over poor… CSOs in Rivers warn against deliberate attempt to undermine… He said: “Our youth are our most valuable human assets and we believe that their destiny should not be defined by their circumstances or station in life. We can not therefore as parents, government or as a society, continue to make excuses for the difficulties that are restricting their hopes for a better life. Ganduje stressed that in the last four years, his administration had delivered significant milestones and advanced the progress of the state especially in the area of education, health, agriculture, infrastructure and job creation, adding that this second term would be another chance to take tough decisions on all the tasks ahead with courage, commitment and compassion. “It is our belief that the best way to disseminate knowledge to all those who deserve it is through free education. Having declared free and compulsory education in the state at basic and secondary school level, we have already delivered that promise with the commencement of the implementation of the policy last month. “I wish to assure you that we will continue to improve our public schools and ensure that our children have access to the quality learning experience,  empower our teachers with modern teaching skills to deliver better outcomes in the classrooms,” he pointed out. On the State’s commitment to improving its system of healthcare delivery, Ganduje said the health sector had received a boost in the last four years with completion and equipping of the two mega hospitals;  Muhammadu Buhari Specialist Hospital and Khalifa Isyaka Rabi’u Paediatric Hospital, renovation, upgrade and equipping of more than 300 health facilities across the state. Dr Abdullahi Ganduje said the policy on the provision of infrastructures in both the urban and rural areas of the state would continue to be vigorously pursued which include construction and reconstruction of roads, flyover, underpass and bridges for the smooth movement of persons, goods and services with a view to boosting the state’s economy. Other areas that the administration achieved significant improvement as stated by the Governor, are the State Government’s effort to stimulate sustainable food production and tackling the issue of herdsmen/Fulani dispute which had been mitigating the National Security System. During the 59th independence anniversary, the Governor inspected and received match pass by the Nigeria Police /Paramilitary, Students, NYSC, and Uniformed Voluntary organisations. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.