Global Foundation for Hope Care & Development (GFHCD), a Non-Governmental Organization has conducted a 6km charity walk targeted at creating awareness to support less privileged children on education. The group is targeting to support Internally Displaced Persons (IDP), a community school in dire need of educational facilities in Sauka, Village, Abuja. GFHCD said it would support the school with chairs, tables, books, other educational materials and payment of teacher’s wages. The Chairman of GFHCD Mr Pius Sunny while commending his members for their support, said the school is managed by Bema Home for the Less Privileged, an orphanage that has over 80 Children in the Home. Adamawa varsity students call for more funding, recruitment… Unizik launches postgraduate programmes on migration Nollywood films IBI, Nimbe, Diced win UK Film Festival… Okebukola develops homegrown techniques to teach science… While harping on the importance of education, Mr Sunny said “educate a child and you, in turn, are feeding the Nation”. ALSO READ: Interswitch SPAK masterclass highlights ‘equity’ mindset to fight corruption “The children at the Orphanage Home are part of the society who deserve educational privileges like other children in the society and are future leaders of society. “GFHCD has carried out several projects in the past to specifically aid and assist the less privileged children at Hospitals, Orphanage Homes etc and is proud to embark on this Project”, Sunny added. The Proprietor of the Orphanage Home, Mr Benedict Dzreke who took part in the Charity Walk on behalf of the Orphanage Home expressed delight over the support GFHCD rendered to the Home. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!