The All Progressives Congress (APC) has expressed satisfaction over the latest World Bank ranking which sees Nigeria jump 15 places in the institution’s Ease of Doing Business global ratings. According to the Bretton Wood institution, Nigeria is now ranked 131 globally on the Ease of Doing Business ranking, moving up by 15 places from its previous 2019 spot and also named top 10 most improved economy in the world, in terms of doing business. The APC national publicity secretary of the party, Mallam Lanre Isa-Onilu in a statement said the rating showed that the administration is walking its talks on building a globally competitive economy and consolidating on the nation status as Africa’s biggest economy. The Party also lauded the bilateral agreements between President Buhari and the Russian President, Vladimir Putin at the ongoing Russia-Africa Summit, to strengthen Nigeria-Russia multi-faceted relations, particularly on completing abandoned projects initiated by both countries, starting new infrastructure projects and expanding trade and investment, security and military cooperation. ALSO READ: NNPC signs MoU with Russian oil company Funmilola, down with kidney failure ailment, needs N17.9m… Reps demand explanations on $460m Abuja CCTV camera project Oba of Benin receives Africa Travel 100 Global Personalities… Communities get transformer, electric poles years after… The statement read in part: “Contrary to uninformed and embarrassingly myopic editorial by a newspaper indicating that foreign trips by President Buhari is tantamount to abandoning governance, this trip like the previous ones have proven to be very beneficial to our country. “According to the Bretton Wood institution, Nigeria is now ranked 131 globally on the Ease of Doing Business ranking, moving up by 15 places from its previous 2019 spot and also named top 10 most improved economy in the world, in terms of doing business. “Economic development was a major election promise the APC made to Nigerians in 2015. With Nigeria latest ranking, it is evident that the President Buhari administration is building a globally competitive economy and consolidating on our status as Africa’s biggest economy. “Since the launch of the National Action Plan on Ease of Doing Business, the President Buhari administration has aggressively implemented economic reforms and progressively reduced the challenges faced by Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) when getting credit, paying taxes, amongst others, by removing critical bottlenecks and bureaucratic constraints to doing business in Nigeria. “The success stories abound with the likes of Reston Tedheke, ex-Niger Delta militant turned successful farmer in Nasarawa State and other home-grown entrepreneurs. They are a testimony to the administration’s successful economic development efforts.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!