Bauchi State Ministry of Budget and Economic Planning has declared that it will ensure that agriculture was prioritised in the budget and policies of the government to boost food production and security. The declaration was made by the Commissioner of Budget and Economic Planning, Dr Aminu Hassan Gamawa, during an interactive session with agricultural stakeholders in the state hosted by the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Mohammed Sabo Nanono on Saturday in Bauchi. Aminu Gamawa said that the move is to support Governor Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed led administration to achieve his comprehensive agricultural policy and strategic implementation framework. According to him, the Governor has expressed the readiness and willingness of the Bauchi state government and its people to take advantage of the agricultural policies of the federal government as part of efforts to promote and improve agriculture in the state. He said : Bauchi state is an agrarian state with vast and fertile land, and a large population.  We believe that there is no better way to reduce poverty, create wealth, jobs and develop the state than through agriculture.” ALSO READ: Fayemi pardons 18 prisoners TETFund to support research devt with N5bn grant ― Executive… FCT state minister pledges commitment to support girl-child SDGs goals: Reps task FG, states on poverty eradication,… Kwara seeks FG’s special intervention over ecological… The commissioner further assured that the state government would work with the President Muhammadu Buhari led APC administration and the private sector to tackle the problems facing farmers especially lack access to credit, land, extension service, equipment, good seeds among others. “We will encourage commercial agriculture and investment in the sector by focusing on improving the value chain, vertical and horizontal, and value addition,” the commissioner added. Aminu Gamawa called on young people in the state to take advantage of this important opportunity in the agricultural sector as the sector can only be enhanced if youth and women are carried along. The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development,  Alhaji Mohammed Sabo Nanono during the meeting shared with the participants some of the efforts of the federal government to promote agriculture to ensure food security. He, therefore, encouraged the farmers to accept agriculture not only as a means of subsistence but also as a serious business for revenue generation. The Minister during the visit to Bauchi state visited some farms and grazing reserves to assess their needs and identify areas that need the government’s intervention and support to the state and the farmers. Those in attendance during the meeting include among others, members of the Minister’s team, members of the Bauchi State Executive Council, Representatives of Bauchi state farmers, cooperatives, private sector,  traditional leaders and other stakeholders. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!