A Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday, October 21, 2019, ordered the temporary forfeiture of two properties located in Ikoyi area of Lagos State, belonging to the immediate past Senate President, Dr  Bukola Saraki to the Federal Government. The Ilorin Zonal Office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission EFCC had in an ex parte application filed by the Commission’s Lawyer Nnaemeka Omewa approached the Court, seeking an order of interim forfeiture of the properties, alleging that they were acquired through proceeds of unlawful activities. Part of the EFCC’s relief included the following: “An order of this honourable court forfeiting to the Federal Government of Nigeria landed property with appurtenances situate, lying and known as N0. 17A McDonald Road, Ikoyi, Eti Osa Local Government Area of Lagos State found and recovered from the respondent which property is reasonably suspected to have been acquired with proceeds of unlawful activity.” ALSO READ: 2020 Budget: Akume seeks more funding for special duties ministry Nigerian Army sensitizes Media Influencers, Journalists on… NAFEST back to home of culture after 40 years ― Obaseki NNPC operating revenue drops by N15.69bn in July Sanwo-Olu, BATN foundation laud farmers’ role in food… The properties are located at No. 17A McDonald Road, Ikoyi, Eti Osa Local Government Area of Lagos. EFCC in an affidavit alleged that the former Nigerian Senate president acquired the two properties with proceeds of unlawful activity. Delivering ruling on the application, Justice Mohammed Liman, ordered the interim forfeiture of the two properties. He also directed that the EFCC should publish the order in a national daily within fourteen days. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!