The House of Representatives Committee Chairman on Aviation, Honourable Nnolim Nnaji has expressed appreciation to President Mohammed Buhari for granting the approval of the sum of N10 billion Special Intervention Fund for the reconstruction of the collapsed Akanu Ibiam International Airport, (AIIA) Enugu Runway and associated facilities. The approval was communicated to the South-East delegation during its visit to the Presidential Villa on Thursday. Honourable Nnaji who was reacting to the news of Mr President’s approval noted that the airport was critical to the people of South East and environs because it was the only international gateway serving the entire region. Nnaji who praised the tenacity and the commitment shown by the Governors, Ohaneze Ndigbo, the Traditional Rulers, the Clergmen and the entire leaders of the South-East extraction in pursuance of this course, also commended the entire members of the House of Representatives and its leadership for their unprecedented support to the motion earlier sponsored by the South-East caucus regarding the airport. Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole “I commend the Honourable Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika for his steadfastness in fighting for the approval of the fund. Immediately he assumed office, he visited Enugu and assured our leaders that the airport will be fixed before the Christmas season”. ALSO READ: Fondation sponsors free health screening in Ekiti He disclosed that when the Minister met the Aviation House Committee on the unanimous motion mandating it to find out why work had not commenced on the airport runway more than one month after its closure, that Sirika gave a commitment that the request for the fund was already before Mr President and that once he received the approval he would be on the contractor’s back to ensure prompt delivery. Nnaji said he was confident that the Minister will perform the feat judging from the speed with which he delivered on Abuja airport, adding that the Aviation committee by the mandate of the House of Representatives will work with the authorities to monitor the progress of the job once the contractor mobilizes to site. Nnaji said he was also hopeful that the attention given to Akanu Ibiam International Airport would be extended to other airports that needed quick intervention. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....