Lagos State Public Works Corporation (LSPWC) said it has intensified palliative measures on critical roads across the state to provide temporary relief for motorists pending when the rains subside. General Manager of the Corporation, Engr. Olufemi Daramola, disclosed this in a statement made available to newsmen, reiterating that palliative works on potholes and failed sections of roads within the metropolis had not stopped. According to him, some of the major roads being attended to in the last two weeks include Oba Sekumade Road, Ikorodu; Mobolaji Bank-Anthony Way, Ikeja; Ipaja Road by Moshalasi Roundabout, Akowonjo; Egbeda-Idimu Road; LASU-Igando Road, among others. He said granite boulders and crushed granite stones were being used to mitigate the effects of road failures on a daily basis, pending deployment of a permanent solution using asphalt premix after the rainy season. Zulum approves N26m for Borno students in Saudi Land border will remain closed ― Ali tells NASS Don, others bag awards at MGS 40th anniversary Minimum wage: We can’t guarantee industrial peace… While explaining the seriousness the corporation attached to Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s directive on the fixing of bad roads across the state, Daramola revealed that the agency had deployed over 660 tons of boulders on bad sections along Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway alone, noting that the entire stretch was yet to be covered as the rain kept pouring. ALSO READ: 72 days after, police withhold 12 corpses, detain 63 members, Shi’ites alleges “As at today we have deployed over 660 tons of boulders on bad sections along Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway alone, we are yet to cover the entire stretch and the rain keeps pouring; that will tell you how bad it is everywhere. “Everyone knows how bad the situation is, but we have not stopped working either, as we have continued to provide relief through temporary palliative measures day and night including weekends despite the torrential rainfall,” he added. Daramola enjoined members of the public to stop dumping refuse in drainage channels to prevent stagnant rainwater that results in the damage of roads, assuring that full-scale road maintenance operations would commence across the state after the rains. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.