National leader of the All Progressives Congress(APC) and former governor of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu has declared that sound and qualitative education is the only weapon to end poverty in the country. Tinubu, who spoke in Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti state capital during the 10th anniversary and 7th convocation ceremonies of Afe Babalola University(ABUAD), alluded to education as a light for any nation to navigate its way to greatness and development. At the occasion, 99 students bagged first class with four of them being students sponsored by the Presidential Amnesty Programme out of 57 enrolled for degree programmes at ABUAD by the federal government . Tinubu, the Sultan of Sokoto, Muhammadu Sa’ad Abubakar, the Obi of Onitsha, His Royal Majesty, Igwe Nnaemeka Achebe and an entrepreneur and Chairman/ Chief Executive Officer, Greeen Energy International Limited, Professor Anthony Adegbulugbe were awarded honorary degrees by the university. The APC leader said , “Education is the light of a nation and ignorance is darkness. Only with that light can we hope to see where we are and to discover the path we must go to realize our greatness as a nation. Education is a great weapon against poverty in our country today. “To educate a generation is to secure the future. Thus, it is indeed my honour to be here with you for this university stands as a shining beacon, casting the light of education upon our nation and its people. “This university thus serves as a vital piston in the machinery of national progress. Our young people deserve and require quality education that will unlock their utmost potentials. This will engender critical thinking and build their capacities for self and national development. “Afe Babalola University, Ado-Ekiti (ABUAD) is dedicated to providing that stellar education. Since its inception about 10 years ago, this university has distinguished itself. Its record is exemplary, the National University Commission (NUC) acknowledges. “If we do not board the train of progress, it will pass us by. This means we must acquire and use the scientific and technological skills of the 21st Century to advance our common purpose. In this manner we help break the fetters of underdevelopment and expand the boundaries of economic, intellectual and moral growth. ALSO READ: Two million women, families to benefit from Access Bank’s W Initiative “I understand the university accords special attention to the Sciences and Technology. This is it as it should be. I urge that we consider imparting solid knowledge and proper guidance in those areas where our youths can, upon graduation, begin to reshape the world around them by using their knowledge and ingenuity to improve extant economic processes and to embark on novel and innovative enterprises that will undergird national prosperity for decades to come. Nigerian Army sensitizes Media Influencers, Journalists on… NAFEST back to home of culture after 40 years ― Obaseki NNPC operating revenue drops by N15.69bn in July Sanwo-Olu, BATN foundation laud farmers’ role in food… “To be considered among this illustrious group is both an honour and a privilege. I deeply treasure this moment. I will continue to do all that I can in order to live up to this acclaim. We must continue to do all that is within our capacities so that we hand over a steady helm and a vibrant and strengthened nation to these young people.” Reminding the leaders about the need for human capital development, Tinubu added: “There is no nation building if people are not built. Afe Babalola is a builder and this has reflected in the qualities of your graduates. We are very proud to be associated with you. “We know that lack of economic facilities in many our public institutions is affecting our nation. We will promise you that there will be a rehabilitation of facilities in the areas of roads and more infrastructures will be provided in other sectors.” Advising the graduates, Tinubu said, “Too many of you graduands today, the future is not bleak, it is real. We can be your symbol so that you can be more successful than many of us. ” It is one thing to get the education, but you must match this with character and if you fail to emulate Afe Babalola, your Bachelor degrees are nothing. Let this institution go through you as go into the world,” he stated. The ABUAD’s founder, Chief Afe Babalola SAN , who described ABUAD as a child of circumstance , said the university has arrived and that the ten years plan with which he prosecuted the development agenda has been improved upon . According to him, “But we need the help of government in the area of road construction. We learnt FERMA has awarded the road to our university but was badly executed. We also need indepedent power plant, because all over the world the universities sustain and subsists through endowment and donations from private bodies.” Ekiti state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, represented by his Deputy, Bisi Egbeyemi, congratulated Babalola for making ABUAD one of the best universities within a spate of ten years, promising that the government will be of supports On his part, Sokoto State Governor, Aminu Tambuwal, said he was happy about the outstanding exploits being made by ABUAD in Africa, saying it occupies a priceless position in the world of academics , because it represents quality. Governors Babajide Sanwo-Olu(Lagos), Gboyega Oyetola (Osun) Dapo Abiodun (Ogun), Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, former Osun state governor, Chief Bisi Akande and the former Ekiti state governor, Chief Segun Oni all graced the ceremony. Also at the event were; the Registrar of Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) Professor Ishaq Oloyede; acting pro-chancellor and chairman of Council, ABUAD, Professor Tunde Adeniran and the former executive secretary of the Nigerian University Commission (NUC) Professor Peter Okebukola. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!