THE Edo State government has commenced the demolition of illegal structures erected under high tension cables and other unauthorised places across the state. Officials of the state Ministry of Physical Planning and Urban Development alongside security agencies began the exercise on Wednesday as they demolished stores, shops and drinking bars built under high tension cables in Abuja quarters in Ugbor area of Benin City. Recall that the Commissioner for Physical Planning and Urban Development, Dr. Erimona Oye Edorodion, last week, explained that the exercise became necessary to address the challenge of poor living and working environment and incessant cases of flooding in urban centres, adding, “The exercise will involve development control activities to ensure that illegal structures which are poorly constructed and wrongly sited are demolished.” NUPEMCO contributory pension hits N12.58 billion Four arrested in Ondo over sales of cows killed by lightning PDP dead, soon to be forgotten in Kogi central ― Ohere Court remands Maina’s son in police custody, adjourns till… ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/group-warns-against-post-election-violence-asks-losers-to-explore-legal-option/ “It will also ensure that developments that are involved in the unlawful discharge of sewage, and industrial wastes into our environment are sanctioned. This is in accordance with the provisions of the state’s Extant Town Planning and Environmental Laws and Regulations and to ensure that our living and working environment is safe, healthy, convenient and aesthetically pleasing.” The commissioner said “Illegal structures, which would be affected in the demolition exercise include building structures on government acquisitions, public schools and waterways, roof eave-extensions, structures erected on the right of way of roads/streets, moats, riverbanks, TCN high tension lines, all attachments on wall fence, caravans, kiosks and wooden sheds.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!