FOLLOWING Appeal Court ruling on Friday Upheld Tribunal Judgment, Nullifying Kogi West Senatorial Election and ordered a fresh election between Sen. Smart Adeyemi of the All Progressive Congress (APC) and Sen. Dino Melaye of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) the embattled senator has described the judgement as human judgment. In a statement issued on Friday which was made available to Nigerian Tribune in Lokoja, Melaye added that he believed in the divine, God’s judgment. His words, “It is absolutely well. No worries, no tension, no pains. I celebrate God for he is always a good God. Let your hearts not be troubled, believe in God believe also His prophets. “At the end, His name will be glorified. He is not a man that He will lie. I’m a winner every time. There is a final verdict and it is the verdict of God. Peace peace peace. ‘Today, I speak over my life and my household that the peace of God that surpasses understanding will garrison across our hearts. I am not shaken nor moved. I trust in God completely. I lean not on my own understanding; I acknowledge Him in all my ways, and I am directed by the Lord and led by the Spirit. Oyo APC berates Makinde, Speaker over controversial N7.6b… I don’t own a single share in KAEDCO ― Namadi Sambo NNPC seals $2.5bn gas supply deal with NLNG Lagos conducts screening exercise for intending christian… ALSO READ: UNICEF, NGO train 144 girls on skills, educational development Melaye said “I see my way through; I walk a path devoid of pitfalls. I look to the Lord my God, and I will not see shame. I am delivered from destruction and dereliction. I am saved to serve and strengthened for life. God is merciful to me, and I have received the grace of the Lord my God. Nothing is against me. “Men are favourably disposed to me in every situation. I am accepted and not rejected. Nothing blocks my path to success; I am not a failure, and greatness is attracted to me. I activate the will of the Father and insist that today is the day of His power. Melaye said”I am willing; God is at work, in me, to will and to do all His good pleasure. I win always. My prayers are answered, and my requests are granted. “My eye is single, and my body is full of light”. Sorrows and tears are far from me. I have peace; my struggles cease; my frustrations, fears, and frailties give way; and I am strong in the Lord and in the power of His might. “My tomorrow is greater and better than my yesterday. I shine like the star that I am. I am blessed with every blessing heavenly, in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. I am blessed with the blessing of the sand and stars. I increase on all sides. In Jesus’s name, I believe and say amen. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!