A man, Lamidi Amusa has brought a divorce suit against his wife, Folake Amusa at the Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, seeking that it ends the two-year-old relationship between them. Lamidi in his divorce suit alleged that his wife was troublesome and disobedient. He added that she refused that he had a say in their home. Folake, when the claim was read to her, acceded to divorce. “My lord, I cursed the day I married Folake. Our union has constantly brought me pain and anguish. “I no longer have a say on issues concerning the running of my family while she ridicules me by calling me a figure head. “Folake derives pleasure in disobeying me. She flouts my order and does whatever pleases her. “She has turned me into a laughing stock before our children and neighbours. She mocks and fights me in their presence. CBN injects $311.5m, CNY15m to forex market “I have warned her to desist from seeking help from spiritualists but she turned deaf ears to me. She even went as far as taking my son in-law to one of these spiritualists, who almost tore him and my daughter apart through diabolic means. “My lord, Folake had succeeded in turning our children against me. They have no regard for me and treat me as someone lacking worth. “My lord, I’ve endured enough with Folake, I don’t need her any more. I want her out of my life today, “he said. “Lamidi has constantly failed as a husband and father, he can therefore not be treated with any worth, “Folake told the court. My 70-yr-old husband calls me barren,  please separate us… ‘My husband doesn’t want more children,  threatens to disown… ‘My husband is irresponsible, doesn’t know our  only child’s… My husband denies paternity of our son, please separate us “My lord, Lamidi’s plan is to ruin me. He is in the habit of borrowing money from me with the promise of paying back but has always failed.  Any time I demand to have my money he would turn it into a fight. “He contributes nothing towards the running of the home; I play the dual role of father and mother and he feels comfortable with it. “He comes home to eat everyday not caring how the food got to the table. After eating to his fill and, being foolish, will start pestering me for sex which I always refuse him. “My lord, I have always drummed it into his ears that I will allow him sex with me only when he stands up to his responsibility in the home. My slogan therefore has always been ‘no food, no sex’, “the defendant stated. “Lamidi lied that I took his son in-law to spiritualists. I offered to take him to my church for prayers when he was facing some challenges and he got instant solutions to the problems. If truly his son in-law had a problem with his wife, then that is a different matter entirely, I’m not in the know of it. “My lord, I’m also tired of living with him. There are thousands of women out there living and surviving without their husbands. If you grant him his prayer of divorce, my case won’t be strange. “But my lord, I also have two prayers and these are that you mandate him to rent an apartment for me and our children and make him responsible for their upkeep,” she concluded. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, dissolved their union and granted custody of both children to the defendant. The plaintiff was ordered to give both children N10, 000 every month through the court as their feeding allowance. He was also instructed to be in charge of their welfare, education and health care. Lamidi was further asked to give the defendant N3, 000 to pack her belongings from his house. Both were advised to maintain peace. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!