Ogun State governor, Dapo Abiodun, has released N1 million to the family of a deceased officer of the state’s community, Social Orientation and Safety Corps Agency (So-Safe Corps), Kehinde Aigbe, who died recently, after being shot by armed robber while on duty. The Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Mr Kunle Osota, presented the cheque at the Obas’ Complex, Abeokuta, to the deceased’s next-of-kin,  Major Kingsley Aigbe, in the presence of his wife, two children and other members of the family. Boko Haram: Buhari to sign military cooperation deal with Putin in… Rain of tears: • Flood sacks Lagos, part of Ogun Reps decry non-release of N64bn fuel levy to FERMA FRSC returns N119,000, valuables to victims of auto crash 14 auto crashes claiming  four lives recorded in Ogun  in 6… Represented by the Director of the Local Government Affairs, Olusola Osasona, Osota recalled that government had earlier spent over N500,000 during the period he was hospitalised after the attack on June 2, 2019 along Olorunsogo, Oke-Lantoro, Abeokuta. He said government approved the token to support the immediate family of the deceased for upkeep of the wife and the children he left behind. In his remarks, the Commander of the Corps, Soji Ganzallo, lauded the efforts of government and the ministry, during and after the incident, promising that the Corps would not relent in its service to combat insecurity in the state. Responding, Major Aigbe appreciated Governor Abiodun and commander of the corps for the financial support and for standing by the family during the trying period. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!