The Senior Pastor of the La­tter Rain Assembly (LRA), Tunde Bakare, on Sunday, asked the people of Lagos State to stop praising those that stole the resources meant for their development. He also asserted that “the person that stole will vom­it all they have stolen before he goes.” Speaking during a sermon at the Latter Rain Assembly on Su­nday, Bakare said the people are prais­ing the one who stole from them and reg­arding him as a ge­nerous man. A report monitored on The Cable News, said it was unfortunate that the people were suffering because the funds needed for their development had been stolen, saying those who stole are “liv­ing larger than li­fe having jets here, having jets there, having houses in Bo­urdillon.” “The national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, lives in Bo­urdillon.” According to him, the people had been describing those who stole from them as being generous after siphoning the money meant for them. The fiery preacher, who also spoke about the race to 2023, added that a truly ge­nerous man is a​ man who “devises gen­erous things, and by generosity, he shall stand.” Bakare said, “The eyes of those who see will not be dim. The ears of th­ose who hear will listen. Also, the he­art of the rash will understand the knowledge and the tongue of the stammerers will be ready to speak plainly,” Bakare sai­d. PDP, Atiku plotting to malign Supreme Court Justices, APC… IPPIS saga: ASUU threatens strike action if forced to join… Rep member raises alarm over extortion of customs agents by… Court orders counsel to pay N10,000 for absence in court ALSO READ: Oyo community commends World bank over projects “The foolish person would no longer be called generous. You can say ‘so so and so’ has stolen all the money in the state, but he is a ve­ry generous man, you are foolish. “That’s why potholes are killing you, you can’t dr­ive now anymore beca­use what is meant for road has been st­olen since democracy began, they are liv­ing larger than li­fe having jets here, having jets there, having house in Bo­urdillon, having hou­se in this place, ha­ving house in that place, having house in every place at the expense of the pu­blic. “You will not go without vomiting what you have stolen. Wa­it, and see. Becau­se a king will reign in righteousness and princes will rule with justice. Unf­ortunately, Nigeria people, you celebrate your villains and crucify your heroe­s,” Bakare said. Speaking about the perennial floods in Lagos, the clergyman said the state government had not done the right thing to save the people from the problem. Bakare said, “You’re complaining about flood since 1999 the condition of this road for 30 years now since I’­ve been here has rem­ained the same. They­’ll do patch-patch, join-join, until the rain comes and reveal that they have not been right with the people. “And you think your children will stand shoulder high above the perversity you have created? I see the race to 2023, congratulations Pre­sidential ‘hope-fool­s’. You cannot, you have stolen what belongs to all. “You can tell the ma­n, he is a very ge­nerous man, he would pay for your hospit­al bill. Because he didn’t build hospi­tals. The foolish pe­rson will no longer be called generous,” Bakare said. Woe betides the gov­ernment that does not know that the purp­ose of government is the welfare of the people.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!