Gombe State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has issued an Executive Order, restructuring the state Ministries from the existing 27 to 21. According to the Executive Order, the proposed Ministries are as follows: Ministry of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry, Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Tourism, Ministry of Education, Ministry of Higher Education, and Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning. Others are Ministry of Health, Ministry of Information and Culture, Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Lands and Survey, Ministry for Local Governments and Chieftaincy Affairs as well as Ministry of Science, Technology, and Innovation. Aisha Buhari apologises to Nigerians over viral video Nigeria deports seven Korean nationals for life BREAKING: Gombe governor, Yahaya approves appointment of new… Insecurity: Reps seek US assistance on timely delivery of… ALSO READ: Nigeria deports seven Korean nationals for life The rest are Ministry of Special Duties, Ministry of Works and Transport, Ministry of Youth and Sports Development, Ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development, Ministry of Water Resources, Ministry of Rural, Community Development and Cooperatives, Ministry of Internal Security and Ethical Orientation, Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources. Ministry of Environment and Forest Resources; and Ministry of Housing and Urban Development. The Governor has also approved the constitution of a committee to streamline the ministries and ensure a smooth transition in line with the Executive Order. It will be recalled that Governor Inuwa Yahaya had recently received the report of the committee on the review of structure and functions of the existing Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) with a view to harmonizing them to avoid overlap of functions and responsibilities as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity to the Governor of Gombe State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!