An unidentified commercial driver was on Monday evening arrested by men of the Nigerian Correctional Service in Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti state capital for allegedly giving money to inmates. The incident occurred around Fajuyi traffic light in the state capital. The taxi driver was reported to have given out an unspecified amount of money to inmates who were being conveyed to the court. Apparently irked by such gesture, the armed security men attached to the inmates pounced on the driver and was subsequently arrested. An eyewitness who spoke with Nigerian Tribune said,” You know all vehicles always wait when traffic light signal the red light and the vehicle conveying the inmates also wait. Education: The Abiodun intervention in Ogun #SexForGrades scandal: Atiku says ‘It’s an… Fullrange microfinance bank offers loan to transporters SDP constitutes caretaker committee for party in Osun ALSO READ: Gov Umahi appoints former CPS as SA on fruits and food market management ” The taxi driver maybe was trying to show concerns to the inmates who could be seen from the vehicle and he decided to give money to one of them. The officers attached to them were very furious and they descended on him. When contacted, the Public Relations Officer of the Nigeria Correctional Service in the state Foluso Babalola confirmed the incident and said the action of the taxi driver was against the law. He said, ”  The taxi driver has committed a traffic offence. The inmates might escape through that act which is inimical to the operations of the facility.” Babalola, who did not reveal the identity of the suspect, added that the driver would soon be charged to court. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!