MTN Nigeria Communications Plc, through its social investment vehicle, MTN Foundation, has celebrated 110 Nigerians at gala events in Abuja, Port-Harcourt and Lagos. The events, which were the climax of the third edition of the “What Can We Do Together (WCWDT)” initiative, featured celebrated heroes who nominated various communities that received interventions. Dedicated to developing grassroots communities through collaborative efforts, WCWDT provides Nigerians with the opportunity to nominate a community for developmental projects. Commending the nominators, Senior Manager, Programme Implementation, MTN Nigeria, Abasi-Ekong Udobang, said, “The What Can We Do Together-initiative reflects our sustained drive to collaborate with Nigerians in executing impactful projects in communities across the country. We believe the nominators are the community heroes of this initiative as their noble efforts will go a long way in improving the quality of life for millions of Nigerians.” CKAY gives Beethoven 21st century upgrade in “Way” Ambassador Romoke Ayinde celebrates ‘Born again’ Kanye West uncomfortable with Kim’s iconic… Social media: Comedian Koffi advises youths on time… “The altruistic gesture from the nominators led to various interventions by MTN Foundation in nominated communities, including supply of medical equipment to 40 primary health centres with training for the medical staff on the use of the newly supplied equipment. Ten communities received solar-powered boreholes and learning materials (school bags, exercise books, raincoats and pencil cases) were distributed to over 15,000 pupils in 60 public primary schools across 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory,” he added. Russia to support construction of 1,400km rail track from Lagos to Calabar ― Presidency Speaking at the appreciation event in Abuja organised for nominators from the northern region, the Chairman, Senate Committee on ICT, Senator Yakubu Oseni applauded MTN for the kind gesture. He commended the initiative hoping that the Foundation would execute more ICT projects in subsequent phases. Since the launch of the first phase of the WCWDT initiative in 2015, 510 communities across 454 local government areas have received diverse interventions from MTN Foundation.  Forty communities have received 500KVA transformers, and 50 650ft boreholes, some of which are solar-powered. Primary health centres in 120 communities received essential medical equipment. In addition, 174 schools received furniture, and household supplies were delivered to 66 orphanages in different communities nationwide. The MTN Foundation has over the years partnered with both public and private organisations to initiate sustainable development programmes in different focus areas with the aim of making life brighter for Nigerians. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!