Ekiti State Head of Service, Mr Ayodeji Ajayi, has described the inability of public officers to write and communicate effectively as a bane to the public service and the career of such officers. Speaking at a two-day workshop with the theme: ‘Fundamentals of Speech Writing and Effective Communication’ , organised by the Office of Capacity Development and Reforms in conjunction with Big Team Consult for selected officers in the State Public Service in Ado-Ekiti, Ajayi observed that effective communication skills seem to have diminished over the years in the Public Service. ALSO READ:  Ekiti patners NEPC for state’s economic development BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… He lamented a situation where communicating government policies to the public is handled with levity owing to poor communication skills in the areas of speech writing and reporting by officers saddled with such responsibilities. Ajayi noted that the importance of communication skills cannot be underestimated as they were necessary for all spheres of life, saying officers’ deficiency in this aspect would retard their career and make effective service delivery to the public awkward. Earlier, the Permanent Secretary, Office of Capacity Development and Reforms, Mr Oluwadare Ajayi noted that the state government organized the workshop for the participants in order to broaden their knowledge in effective communication. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!