The People’s Democratic Party (PDP)-led opposition in the House of Representatives on Sunday picked holes in the N10.33 trillion 2020 budget, insisting that the annual estimate would be subjected to thorough legislative scrutiny to ensure that it reflected the general aspiration of over 200 million Nigerians before passage. In a statement made available to newsmen on Sunday  by the Minority Leader of the House, Hon Ndudi Elumelu, the opposition maintained that though the House had resolved to pass the budget before the end of the year, the details, particularly the capital expenditure items and implementation modules must meet the yearning of Nigerians before the budget is passed into law. According to the opposition: “Recognises the fact that Nigerians look up to them to protect their interest in critical issues that directly affects their lives, particularly on budget planning and implementation in key sectors.” Consequently, the opposition assured that the details of the N2.46 trillion capital budget must be dissected and adjusted accordingly, to ensure that critical needs of Nigerians are adequately accommodated, as well as to plug waste and eliminate budgetary corruption at every stage. According to the Minority Leader: “Given the sorry state of our infrastructure, the opposition must ensure that the votes earmarked by Mr President for the rehabilitation of roads, power infrastructure, health services, agriculture, water resources, education, among other critical sectors are thoroughly scrutinised to guarantee full implementation as well as reflect the federal character principle across board.” Border closure may affect Lagos Trade Fair ― LCCI ABUAD splashes over N14m on youths in agribusiness Gov Lalong explains circumstances surrounding his… We have agreed to takeover Anambra in 2021― PDP The minority leadership frowned at reports that certain committees barred the media from covering their budget defence sessions. ALSO READ: ABUAD splashes over N14m on youths in agribusiness The Minority Leader insisted that budget defence must be in the open and more so, transparent so that Nigerians are fully carried along in all the processes leading to budgetary decisions in all critical sectors. The minority leadership has therefore directed all opposition members in various committees to ensure strict compliance with the democratic principles of transparency, accountability and prudence in the budget planning as well as in the implementation oversight of both the capital and recurrent components. The opposition further  guaranteed that it was  poised to fully monitor the implementation of special intervention funds for the unemployed as well as the welfare of the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in the North East and other parts of the country to ensure that the money “is not diverted as witnessed in the past under a former Secretary of the Government of the Federation (SGF)”. The minority leadership also assured that the opposition would take a critical look at all revenue projections from Value Added Tax (VAT) and other tax regimes so as to ensure equity and fairness as well as to guarantee that the masses are not overburdened in the process. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!