The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management, Sadiya Umar Farouq, on Friday denied ownership of a twitter account. The Twitter account she denied as fake is @Sadiya_Farouq_ In the fake account, information about her rumoured proposed marriage to President Mohammadu Buhari, was posted on Friday. However, the fake Twitter account was taken down soon after the Minister disowned it. The account said: “There have been several speculations in media regarding marriage between myself and Baba Buhari. I will like to clarify this that me and Baba have been old time friends and Her Excellency Aisha is my good friend and a sister. I will like to maintain this good relationship. “Dear Nigerians, please kindly ignore all rumors as this is not true. “We are currently completely focussed on making sure we have a better Nigeria. Apprehension in Bayelsa PDP as Diri appears before CCB on… Over 60,000 wrote TRCN qualifying Examination ― Registrar Ekiti secures over $100m for airport, three other projects Egg day: Animal Care unveils 3 innovations in egg branding “Let’s continue to pray for our dear country Nigeria. God bless. Kogi, Bayelsa elections: PDP accuses APC of plot to rig “This is fake news. Please ignore. Thank you” However, the Minister, in her official Twitter account denied the tweet, saying it was a fake twitter account. She said: “It has come to my attention that a fake Twitter account @Sadiya_farouq_ has been created in my name. I wish to inform my followers and well meaning Nigerians to disregard the handle and any information posted on it. My official Twitter handle remains @Sadiya_farouq.” @Sadiya_farouq has 19,900 followers on Tweeter while she is following 120 and she joined Tweeter in July 2011. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management has been in the news for allegedly being in line to marry President Muhammadu Buhari, with unofficial denial of the rumours from the Presidency, on Friday.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!