THE People’s Democratic Party (PDP) on Friday flagged off their campaign in Lokoja promising to liberate the people of Kogi state from oppressors. Addressing thousands of the party supporters at Confluence Stadium in Lokoja, the Governorship candidate of the party Engr. Musa Wada stated that PDP will win November 16 governorship election. He added that his administration if voted by the electorates of Kogi state he will make sure that he embarked on the development of state and also build on human capacity. He promised to solve any problems confronting the civil servants in the state adding that the issue of non-payment of salary and illegal deduction of workers salary will never happen during his tenure. Wada called on the people of the state to shun APC and voted APC out of government come November 16 stressing that the party brought hardship to the people. He posited that the only party that can bring good governance to the state is PDP. Also speaking, the National Publicity Secretary of the party, Mr Kola Ologbodiyan said it is time for the people to reject APC and vote them out of power. He said three years of APC in the state brought untold hardship to the people as many civil servants can not meet up with their responsibility. He assured that if PDP comes on board definitely the face of the state will change with development and progress. Several injured as PDP, APC supporters clash in Bayelsa LASEMA rescues five victims in Lagos collapsed building Edo govt begins removal of illegal structures NUPEMCO contributory pension hits N12.58 billion The National Chairman of PDP, Uche Second while presenting Musa Wada to Party supporters said that Wada was in the best position to ensure prompt payment of salaries as well as bring about improved standard of living. Secondus also presented Dino Melaye whom he described as a voice that cannot be silenced to party supporters and urged them to support him to return to the red chamber come November 16. ALSO READ: Edo govt begins removal of illegal structures In his usual characteristic as an entertaining politician, Dino Melaye led supporters in a song of “Wada in Bello out and Bye-bye to rederede among other songs. “Speaking at the event earlier,head of security of the party, Joseph Ericho said that one of the cardinal points of focus of a PDP led administration was the prompt payment of salaries to alleviate the suffering which the people had been subjected to in the last three and half years of Bello led administration of All Progressive Congress, APC. Ericho, once a governorship aspirant that lost to the flag bearer, Musa Wada said that PDP government would bring back smiles to the faces of Kogi people if given chance in the election. He said that PDP will not subscribe to any form of violence while urging the youths not to allow themselves to be used to perpetrate any act of violence. He expressed confidence in the ability of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC to carry out their constitutional role as an unbiased umpire in the election. “We do not believe in violence,there is no need for it, people should vote for the candidate of their choice, leave the polling booth for INEC to do their job.” He added. Seven governors from other state if the Federation were on ground to lend their support to the party’s flag bearer. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!