The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kabba/Bunu local government has described the actions of Kogi State House of Assembly under the leadership of Rt. Honourable Prince Mathew Kolawole as threat to the nation’s democracy. In a statement signed by Adebayo Kehinde, the party stated that the Kogi Assembly has suspended the Nigerian constitution in their legislative activities. “It is very pathetic to see an arm of government that is saddled with the responsibility of making laws in accordance with Nigerian constitution and also have the mandate of checkmating the excesses of executives but have now chosen to be a stooge to the executive arm of government. ALSO READ:  Reps: PDP caucus condemns Kogi Deputy Governor’s impeachment Makinde commended for appointing Akande as adviser on ICT Lagos-Badagry Expressway: Lawmaker sends SoS to FG Kogi guber: Key into Bello’s re-election agenda to… Ondo govt denies unconditional release of traditional ruler… “The recent daylight robbery on Nigerian constitution by Kogi State House of Assembly which led to the illegal removal of Kogi State deputy governor, His Excellency, Elder Solomon Achuba despite the fact that the report of judicial panel exonerated him of the six allegations of gross misconduct that was levelled against him. “We expected the present assembly under the leadership of Rt. Hon Kolawole to be learned enough to understand the position of Nigerian constitution as clearly stated in section 188(8) of the 1999 constitution: ‘’where the panel reports to the House of Assembly that the allegation have not been proved, no further proceedings shall be taken in respect of the matter. “We are compelled to speak out owing to the fact that the Speaker of Kogi State House of Assembly is from our local government and Kabba/Bunu indigenes have always been showing capacity in any position they occupy. It’s a pity that the Speaker has been acting like a commissioner instead of showing capacity as leader of an important arm of government. “It will be very important and beneficial for Rt. Hon Kolawole to lead an Assembly that will make laws that is capable of turning the fortunes of Kogites around instead of becoming of a stooge to the executive,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!