The remnants of Boko Haram terrorists and other forms of insurgency will be crushed in less than no time if the Nigerian Army is provided with the necessary gadgets according to Maj. Gen. Olusegun Adeniyi, Theatre Commander of Operation Lafiya Dole. The military chief disclosed that lack of Army Aviation was responsible for its inability to defeat the insurgents. He made the revelation while receiving the National Assembly joint committee on Army in Maiduguri, the Borno State capital, yesterday. Adeniyi said Boko Haram has never been a “formidable force” as they are perceived to be. He said: “The only thing that needs to be given to the army now is Nigeria Army Aviation with its own helicopters. Saki judicial division had suffered several infrastructural… NDDC reassures people with disabilities on empowerment… 22 million housing deficit persists despite over N124bn… Nigeria has the lowest tax rate in the world ― Minister “There is a way you solve a problem that will change the game. The army needs combat helicopters to end the Boko Haram war. If we have it, it will not be deployed like air force assets, air force jets which are for bigger strategic goals. “These helicopters will sleep with us in the trenches, they will be with us in the frontline. These helicopters and the rifles are dispatched together. “I know this has been on the table for years. When this is done, Nigeria can forget about the deadly Islamic sect. “Let me say Boko Haram is not a formidable force, they are not strong; they cannot sustain 15 minutes of intensive firing. I personally exchange with Boko Haram in Marte, in Delta, in Gubio as deputy theatre commander and as theatre commander. “Please go and tell Abuja that the terrorists are not a formidable force that the military cannot defeat.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!