THE Korea International Cooperation Agency (KOICA) has formally handed over an ultramodern school valued at $15 million to the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) to boost quality education in the territory. While delivering his speech during the handing over in Abuja, the FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello, noted that the building of the school was a process that not only saw the establishment of a great educational institution in Nigeria’s federal capital city, but also the deepening of a cordial relationship between the Federal Republic of Nigeria and the Republic of Korea. Bello used the occasion to charge the education board to manage it effectively so it would remain a model school and a standard against which other public institutions in the FCT would be measured. He also noted that the Nigeria/Korea model school is today one of the most sought-after basic education institutions in the territory, just as he commended the government and people of the Republic of Korea, the Korea International Cooperation Agency (KOICA) and the Universal Basic Education Commission (UBEC) for bringing the project to fruition. The minister promised that the administration would accelerate the construction of the senior secondary component of the school and ensure that it was as aesthetically appealing and academically enriching as its model basic education counterpart. He said: “Here in the FCT, we have long recognised the capacity of education as providing the most viable route towards the attainment of our nation’s growth objectives. Therefore, the development of the education sector will be given priority in our growth agenda.” I’ll train all my students to become innovators  — Precious… Crescent University simulates Iwe Irohin How FG owed Unity Schools’ teachers over N10bn salary… LAUTECH crisis: Why we locked varsity gates ― NASU In her remarks, the FCT Minister of State, Ramatu Tijjani, who was represented by the Director of Administration and Finance of the FCT Education Secretariat, Malam Umar Marafa, stated that the school would no doubt raise the quality of learning and ultimately the quality of life of children in the territory. “We want all our children, regardless of tribe, religion or circumstance, to achieve their full potential. Our task as an administration is to make it possible.” She, however, appealed to KOICA to replicate this model school in the six geo political zones across the federation so as to deepen the bilateral relationship between Nigeria and Republic of Korea. Earlier, Ambassador of the Republic of Korea, Major-General In-Tae Lee (rtd), had said Korea would not hesitate to continue sharing experiences and assisting Nigeria in strengthening the educational sector and national capacity. Lee explained that the Nigeria-Korea model school is a centre of excellence for multimedia education, saying that in the future, the school could be used as a teachers’ training centre for multimedia education in the FCT. “The multimedia equipment supplied is worth more than 1.3 US dollars and maintenance is essential to ensure the best use of these facilities,” he stated. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.