TEAM Audify from the Federal University of Technology, Akure (FUTA), has emerged winner of the 2019 Blockchain Hackathon competition among students of Nigerian universities held at the auditorium of Nile University, Abuja, from September 25 to 26, 2019. The participating teams proffered blockchain-based solution to a pressing societal problem. Team Audify, comprising Alabi Taiwo and Adebayo Oluwatosin of the Department of Cyber Security; Fabusuyi Ayodeji of the Computer Science and Akinnusotu Temitayo of the Information Technology Department, came up with a digital solution built on Ethereum Blockchain to provide a secure, efficient, cheaper and faster automated financial auditing system. This system is designed to curb sharp/corrupt practices in financial auditing. Blockchain is an IT solution that thrives on the fidelity and credibility of its process and it is increasingly being deployed as ICT accounting and auditing solution. Delta Govt. proposes N389bn for 2020 The panel of judges that announced the result of the competition comprised the director-general of the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), the president of the Cryptography Development Initiative of Nigeria (CDIN), the chairman of the Blockchain Industry Association of Nigeria (BIAN) and top executives from Jellurida Africa, Oracle Nigeria and IBM Nigeria. Dearth of teachers hits Oyo schools FUOYE defends ‘review’ of fees Niger Delta groups launch campaign against  examination… Rework curriculum, FG advised The president of CDIN, Mr. Adeolu Fadele, announced the final result on behalf of the judges with FUTA coming first, Covenant University, Ota, second and Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, third. Team Audify got a trophy and plaque for coming first, while FUTA will enjoy technical support from the organisers as a result of the victory of its students in the competition. The team attended the competition with Omole-Adebomi Steve and Uzoatu Bryan of Cyber Security and Adegbesan Gideon of Computer Science as campus blockchain community student coordinators and Mr. Oluyomi Akinyokun of Cyber Security Department as the coordinating staff. Dr Mrs. Adenike Thompson, acting head of Department of Cyber Secuirty is the technical adviser to the team. The vice chancellor, Professor Joseph Fuwape, has commended the effort of the students in making the university proud. He appreciated the dean of School of Computing, Professor Sunday Adewale; the heads of the participating departments and staff and students of the new school for not relenting in uplifting the university. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....