Chairman, Oyo State Road Maintenance Agency (OYSROMA), Mr Kamil Akinlabi, on Thursday, explained that the agency’s drive towards achieving zero potholes in Ibadan and across the state will be better captured in the 2020 budget and subsequent budgets. Answering questions from Nigerian Tribune on the wanton number of potholes across Ibadan, the state capital, Akinlabi said in limiting its activities to this year’s budget, the agency focused on roads that were always busy. While stating that the agency gave priority to filling potholes on always busy roads, Akinlabi avowed that the agency would also begin work on roads that were only busy during peak periods. While noting that the agency had captured some priority roads for inclusion in the 2020 budget, he, however, pointed out that the residents in waterlogged areas will have to wait till the rainy season is over for the agency to intervene. Regardless of limited funds, Akinlabi however assured that men of the agency will be more visible in fixing dilapidated roads across the state, in coming weeks. “Work has started regarding zero tolerance for potholes. However, we have to limit ourselves to this year’s budget. So, when the budget for next year is ready, there will be a little improvement that will make the work faster. Nasarawa gov directs school principals to stop charging fees Ganduje wants death penalty for kidnappers in Kano State #CashAndcarryPrison: Aregbesola lauds Fisayo Soyombo,… Borno re-introduces monthly sanitation after 26 years ALSO READ: Makinde stops Ibadan circular road project “However, what we are doing now is that we concentrate more on areas based on their terrain. Some areas are waterlogged that we cannot intervene now until after the rainy season. “We have our proposal ready and ready to move across Ibadan, Oyo town. When we came in, the governor had to look at the situation on the ground and assess them before he makes an appropriation. We hope that by next year, things will improve. In the interim, you will see our men around men on-site working. “Regarding the span of Mobil-Challenge, in a couple of weeks, we will start doing something there. We are not limiting ourselves to any particular area. “We are concerned about the vehicular movement in the capital city, Ibadan. Even in the capital city, there are some roads that are busy 24/7; there are some roads that have peak periods like Ring Road, like in the morning and evening. “But those ones that are always busy 24/7 are the ones we are concentrating on now. But the ones of peak periods, we will start something this year too. But, infrastructure does not have a constituency, every road is important. Every road is important because our people should be able to move freely in and around the state on good roads. We will try our best to achieve that. “Just like in every human endeavour, we may have challenges of the fund. We will apply whatever funds we have judiciously to make sure that our people ply our roads comfortably. By the grace of God, we will achieve zero potholes over the course of our four years,” Akinlabi said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!