The Federal Government has pledged its full support for the successful hosting of the 2019 All Africa Music Awards (AFRIMA), as the country prepares to host the glamorous event in Lagos from Nov.20 to Nov. 23. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the pledge in a statement issued in Lagos on Sunday. ”When you look at the All Africa Music Awards, it’s one of the biggest awards for the music industry in Africa, and what government has done in the past is to provide the enabling environment for the awards to take place. ”We provided support services for AFRIMA, we gave them the backing they need and I think it’s on record that the AFRIMA editions that have been held in Nigeria have been among the most successful. Nollywood diva, Monalisa Chinda, harps on actors’ welfare Two million women, families to benefit from Access Bank’s W… Wizkid, Quavo congratulate Davido, Chioma over birth of son Nollywood: Committee pledges credible election for Actors… ALSO READ: Board releases 2019/20 land allocation for cocoa farming in Cross River ”This year again, we are ready to partner AFRIMA professionally, give them the maximum support such as effective media coverage and also help them in reaching out to other critical stakeholders,” the Minister said. He said part of the reasons why Nigeria has successfully hosted the music awards is because the country has relaxed its visa regime, with the visa on arrival policy, thus making it easier for people to come in. AFRIMA, which was first held in 2014, was established in collaboration with the African Union (AU) to reward and celebrate musical talents and creativity in Africa as well as to promote African Cultural Heritage. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports the theme of this year’s event is ”Feel Africa. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!