Governors on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress, (APC) has expressed concern over what they termed poor handling of the activities of President Muhammadu Buhari and their respective states. Operating under the auspices of Progressives Governors Forum, the chief executive of APC controlled states at the end of their meeting held in Dutse, Jigawa state capital resolved to put in place structures that would showcase the achievements of President Buhari and development in their respective states. The communique signed by Mr Adamu Fanini and Salihu Moh. Lukman, Secretary to State Government, Jigawa State and Director General, PGF, respectively observed that public confidence in the APC administration has declined as a result of lack of adequate information. The governors observed a disconnect between certain leaders of the party, its national working committee and the governors. ALSO READ: Minimum Wage: Anambra govt pledges commitment to adjust salaries Lagos ready to pay above N30,000 minimum wage ― Sanwo-Olu National ID card renewal costs N5,000  — NIMC Mininum wage: Reps move to avert planned nationwide strike NUC approves take-off of postgraduate programmes on… They resolved to initiate national peacebuilding and internal reconciliation process that would involve all stakeholders in the party and government so as to achieve a stronger party cohesion. The communique read in part: “In view of the post-election issues in our Party, the meeting resolved that the APC States should be enjoined to initiate a national peacebuilding and internal reconciliation process that would involve all  stakeholders in the party and government so as to achieve a stronger party cohesion, internal democracy, discipline as a foundation for the distinctive outlook that the common man expected while voting for our party. “The meeting noted that health is critical to the development and attaining Health for all – Universal Health Coverage (UHC) is central to the attainment of other welfare goals that are key commitments of the APC as enshrined in the Manifesto of the Party. We propose Contributory Health Funding Scheme as an indispensable means of sustainable healthcare financing in the APC States, especially in the face of the current fiscal constraints; ” The meeting recommended that the APC States and the party should put in place structure for public and media engagement that can interface at all levels to showcase the achievements of their governments and also those of the Federal Government as this would enhance the confidence of the citizenry in our great Party the APC. “The meeting agreed to continually share information, ideas and knowledge through its quarterly meetings and the PGF Secretariat to promote synergy across the member States and facilitate greater cooperation for sustainable development. The meeting thanked the Jigawa state government for its hospitality throughout our stay.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!