It appears that internet fraud popularly known as ‘Yahoo Yahoo’ is the new hustle among today’s youths. This serious issue if not addressed seriously will dent and destroy the zeal for innovation in our society. Cyber crime is at its peak in Nigeria. Unemployment has been the major excuse attributed to the rise of the menace in the society and truly, an idle mind is the devil’s workshop. Some believe these illegal activities have helped to reduce so many possible crimes in the nation even though it’s a crime on its own. However, there is no act that justifies fraud. Build peaceful relationship among different tribes, faiths in Nigeria- NASFAT Chief Missioner Is sex-for-mark a strange phenomenon? Smoking habit among youths Suicide is not an escape from failure On use mobile phones in classrooms To an extent, it can be said that the precious time and tools invested in cybercrime can be used to focus more on high paying legitimate businesses online. Regardless of the economic situation, we still have a whole lot of young Nigerians who still hold on to their legitimate hustles. There is the need for sensitization of youths to understand that their skills and knowledge of the internet can be used in the right ways such as blogging, web designing, software and applications development e.t.c, and the fact that they can utilize their hacking skills and knowledge positively to strengthen Nigeria’s cyber security.  Banjo Taiwo, Taiwom46@gmail.com SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!