The maiden Agric Business Africa Conference is expected to feature over 4500 participants drawn from the agriculture landscape when it convenes on October 1st 2019 in Lagos. The conference with the theme: ‘Buy local, grow together and make a profit’ is anticipated to mark an unprecedented milestone in the roadmap towards establishing the agricbusiness space in Africa and will be taking place at Plot, A3C Ikosi Rd, Oregun, starting from 8am. According to the convener of the conference Mr Africanfarmer Mogaji, CEO, AgricBusiness Empowerment Initiative (AgricBusinessNG) and former co-founder at FarmCrowdy, the conference has captured the attention of investors, academics, agricbusiness veterans and agriculture enthusiasts. Ghana schools to begin sex education for pupils from basic one Mogaji noted that while most interventions focus on rural farmers, their communities’ and commercial businesses, the conference will specifically cater to small scale entrepreneurs who require a lot of support to put together the right structure in order to make their agro-based enterprises sustainable and attractive to investors, banks, and international development agencies. Participants will be drawn from local and international chambers of commerce, co-operative societies, financial institutions, NGOs and the diplomatic corps. Mogaji stated that 500 participants will be randomly selected and given full support for six months to scale their businesses in agriculture. Flood: NEMA distributes 50,000 bags of fertilisers to… Border closure: Nigerians groan as price of local rice… Nigeria@59: Expert advises FG to prioritise Agric sector Rice farmers in support of border closure, pledge improved… “This conference was conceived and birthed to address a common challenge identified within the agricbusiness space across Africa and is going to be a highly interactive event, that will provide a learning platform for anyone desiring of leveraging opportunities in the agribusiness space. “Over 4500 youth, small scale agricbusinesses, investors, influencers and enthusiasts will converge on AgricBusinessAfrica conference to connect and chart an unprecedented course towards establishing the agribusiness space in Africa,” he said. Mogaji listed some of the benefits of the conference to include opportunities to establish connections with biggest brands in Agricbusiness value-chains; learning viable ways to profit from agricbusiness side hustles as well as leveraging zero capital start-up. “This conference is designed to create a post-event platform for small and scaling agribusinesses to develop valuable networks, collaborate, form strong alliances and create mastermind groups to leverage their small business advantage to positively disrupt the industry,” he said. Post-conference benefits include free weekly brand publicity on the radio; access to market and market information as well as industry reports on untapped Agricbusiness opportunities. Speakers for the conference include Africanfarmer Mogaji; Subomi Plumptre, Executive Director at Alder Consulting; Pape Samb, Global Vice President of Ashoka and Executive Director Ashoka Africa; Otunba, Pradeep Pahalwani, an accomplished serial entrepreneur and MD of Securisk Insurance; Folake Odediran General Manager Rx and Country Chair Nigeria – Ghana for Sanofi and M.D Abubakar, President of Commercial Dairy Ranchers Association of Nigeria (CODARAN). Media Partners include the Nigerian Association of Agricultural Journalists (NAAJ), a member of the International Federation of Agricultural Journalists (IFAJ). How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.