Fidelity Bank Plc  has reiterated commitment to promoting savings culture, towards wealth creation in Nigeria. The lender said it is  doing this through  its new savings campaign in Lagos, whereby  N120 million would be given out to its customers during the next ‘Get Alert In Millions Season 4’ savings promo. The savings campaign which would ride primarily on digital technologies was one of the initiatives of the bank aimed at rewarding new and existing customers for their unwavering loyalty and patronage. “The savings promo is expected to run till April 2020, a duration of six months and will see customers cart away a total of N120m in cash prizes,” the bank said. Speaking at a press conference to commence the promo in Lagos, the Managing Director/ Chief Executive Officer, Fidelity Bank, Nnamdi Okonkwo, said the campaign was the ninth in the series of savings promo organised by the bank in the last 12 years to incentivise its customers. Okonkwo, who was represented by the Executive Director, Shared Services & Products, Chijioke Ugochukwu, pointed out that the campaign sought to reward customers for their loyalty and patronage. Emefiele, Access Bank MD accept National Theater for total… MONEY market Review NeFF welcomes re-introduction  of cashless policy GTBank informs NSE scheduled of closed trading period While the savings promo was targeted at a cross- section of customers, Chijioke noted that the bank, apart from using traditional channels would utilise digital platforms such as its Quick Response code and Virtual Assistant to reach unserved areas. Giving insight into the rationale behind organising this initiative, Okonkwo said that savings promo remained an integral part of the bank. He added that the promo was focused on reaching out to the unbanked population across the nation. “We embark on campaigns like this to drive financial inclusion in line with the financial inclusion strategy of the Central Bank of Nigeria. This savings promo allows us to take banking services to the nooks and crannies of Nigeria. “It also gives us an opportunity to promote a savings culture which is critical to building up investible funds for individuals and companies and a key component of Gross Domestic Product growth.” He said that the lender remained on course to achieve its strategic objective of becoming a tier one bank by 2022. The GAIM will feature categories of of monthly  and Bi-monthly draws where a total of N82 million cash will be won by 70 customers in the following categories: N2 million cash prize to each winner totalling N24 million by 12 winners; N1million cash prize to each winner , representing N58 million. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!