The Speaker, Osun State House of Assembly, Hon. Timothy Owoeye, on Friday, described the death of the Deputy President-General of the Nigerian Supreme Council of Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) Alhaji Sakariyau Olayiwola Babalola popularly referred to as SOB as a great loss to the state and the entire Muslim community in Nigeria. The Speaker also commiserated with the family of the former national chairman of Alliance for Democracy (AD), Senator Mojisoluwa Akinfenwa who passed away on Thursday in Ibadan. Owoeye in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Kunle Alabi gave gratitude to Almighty Allah that late SOB served as an inspiration to both old and young in terms of religious tolerance and harmony. The speaker held that the death of SOB was not expected at this time, saying Babalola a devout Muslim and fervent believer was a leading light of Islam and business in the country. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/don-others-bag-awards-at-mgs-40th-anniversary/ According to him, “Baba Babalola started learning Qur’an at a tender age of 6. He became so profound in the teaching of the Muslim faith at 10 and was locally known in his community as a young teacher. Ghana president, first lady thrilled at FOCOS charity for… Facebook removes coordinated fake accounts in Nigeria, UAE,… Facebook launches Threads from Instagram, new camera-first… Nigeria Customs Service explains reason for operation at… “Our late scholar and a shrewd businessman who was known In and out of the country for his philanthropic gestures will be missed greatly for putting smiles on the faces of indigent Nigerian youths”, Owoeye remarked. Similarly, he also described Senator Akinfenwa, who died in Ibadan on Thursday as a great leader who lived an exemplary life as a father and a politician. The Speaker noted that Senator Akinfenwa was a principled man and remained so till the cold hands of death took away the Ijesa born politician. Owoeye who prayed for the repose of Akinfenwa’s soul extended his profound condolence to the immediate family, Erin Ijesa community, Osun and Nigeria. “Though it is very painful to lose somebody like Senator Akinfenwa, one clear lesson is the transient nature of life itself; it’s not about Senator Akinfenwa, but about the fact that death is a certainty that must come to every living being. “It is my fervent prayer that God will grant him eternal home at the bosom of Jesus Christ and give the people of Osun the fortitude to bear the loss. We also pray God to comfort his family and give them courage and hope”, Owoeye stated. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.