DETERMINED  to totally eliminate blind spots in the country’s airspace, the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA) has completed the installation of a VSAT station at the Jos airport in Plateau State. With the completion of the installation, the agency has successfully integrated the Very High Frequency (VHF) radio into the network in that sector. Speaking on this development, the Managing Director of NAMA, Captain Fola Akinkuotu, said the new installation had greatly improved the upper airways radio communication in the North East sector to the delight of air traffic controllers and pilots alike. SAHCO acquires new fleet, expands warehouse We will bequeath a safe, reliable aviation sector to… Air Peace begins flights to Warri Delta Airlines to invest $2m  on biofuel production He expressed optimism that the challenge of radio blind spots in some parts of the nation’s upper airspace would soon be history as the ongoing massive deployment of VSAT network and VHF radio systems embarked upon by the agency was yielding positive results. He noted that the Jos/Obudu corridor, which had experienced radio blind spots over time, had to be tackled headlong because of the intense traffic on that axis, even as he commended NAMA engineers for addressing the problem with the installation of the new VSAT terminal. Akinkuotu, said under the ongoing Aeronautical Information Services (AIS) Automation project, the installation of VSAT stations has been completed in Lagos, Abuja, Port Harcourt, NAMA headquarters and Jos, while that of Kano VSAT master station would commence by this week. The installation of the VSAT stations will be done in 26 airports while the VHF radios will be installed in 14 strategic remote sites to finally eliminate radio blind spots in the upper airways segment of the entire Nigerian airspace. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!