Indigenes of Iwo, at the weekend, commended Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola for the administration’s decision to rehabilitate the Osogbo-Iwo road. The Oluwo of Iwo land, Oba Abdul-Rasheed Adewale Akanbi Telu I, conveyed the commendation by his people to the governor, during a turbaning ceremony, held at the Oluwo palace square. In the build-up to the last governorship election in the state, the governor had promised to fix the road if elected. After the election, the governor again reiterated the promise during his ‘Thank You Visit’ across the state. The commendation came even as Oyetola paid a surprise visit to a prominent Iwo son and immediate past Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Alhaji Moshood Adeoti. Adeoti was the governorship candidate of the Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the September 2018 governorship election won by Oyetola. He had left his former party, All Progressives Congress (APC) to ADP in the build-up to the contest. Kwara seeks FG’s special intervention over ecological… Nigeria records investment announcement of $9.29 in Q3 ―… Sex for grade: TUC seeks death penalty for abuse of young… Stop political agitations on Delta 2023, PDP chieftain… ALSO READ: Bauchi to prioritise budgetary allocation to agriculture The governor visited Adeoti at his residence in Odo-Ori, Iwo, after attending a turbaning ceremony of Iya Suna of Iwo land, Alhaja Samiratu Abidemi Oriolowo, Mayegun Musulumi of Iwo land, Alhaji Gbadebo Badiru, Asiwaju Musulumi of Iwo land, Alhaji Liadi Tella and Mr Abdulwaheed Olajiire Ayinla as Aare Musulumi of Iwo land. At the turbaning ceremony, the monarch said the people of Iwo were appreciative of the governor over his timely response to their most pressing demand for reconstruction and rehabilitation of Osogbo-Iwo road, adding that his people had asked him to commend Mr Governor for doing a good job. Oba Akanbi, who described the road project as a kind gesture to Iwo Land, said the governor had no doubt given his people another reason to continue to repose confidence in his ability to transform the state and take it to greater heights. He said: “My people are very happy about the work that Your Excellency has commenced on reconstruction and rehabilitation of Osogbo-Iwo road. That road was almost becoming an intractable problem for the government but you have come to further convince us that with God nothing is impossible. I am happy with the good work you are doing; my people are happy and they have asked me to commend and appreciate you for this.” “No doubt, you have given me and my people another reason to continue believing in you and your capabilities to transform the economy of this state and take it to greater heights. We pray that Almighty Allah will continue to support you and grant you the wisdom and ability to complete the good works you have started since the beginning of your administration in the state,” Oba Akanbi remarked. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!