Ekiti state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has pardoned no fewer than eighteen prisoners serving a various jail term in the Nigerian Correctional Centre, Ado-Ekiti and  Kirikiri Maximum, Lagos respectively. According to a statement on Sunday by the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Wale Fapohunda said the decision followed the acceptance of the recommendation of the State Advisory Council on Prerogative of Mercy. Fapohunda added that the governor granted state pardon to Abologbonrin Ojo while seventeen others were released from prison. He noted that Tunde Abe and Adeniyi Owolabi had their death sentences converted to life imprisonment. Names of those released from prison were; Olowo Ajayi, Ojo Sunday, Sunday Fanimara, Olusuyi Dare Olaifa, Williams Sunday, Sylvanus Oferufega, Lucky Subaru, Babatunde Ogunjobi and Tope Ajayi. Kwara seeks FG’s special intervention over ecological… Nigeria records investment announcement of $9.29 in Q3 ―… Sex for grade: TUC seeks death penalty for abuse of young… Stop political agitations on Delta 2023, PDP chieftain… ALSO READ: Aisha Buhari returns from London vacation The rest were; Lawrence Idowu Bamidele, Ogunboyo Richard, Ayodele Ayinde, Adebayo Ojo, Akeem Adebayo, Abirifon Julius, Abirifon Olabode. The commissioner while revealing that the clemency was extended to the applicants as a result of their good behaviour, urged them to make use of the opportunity by being law-abiding and be good citizens. “The Ekiti State Advisory Council on Prerogative of Mercy considered 50 applications for clemency at its third sitting. The applications of these beneficiaries were granted because they have individually demonstrated the potential to turn their lives around. “On behalf of the State Advisory Council on Prerogative of Mercy,  I congratulate all the beneficiaries specifically those who have been released from the correctional facilities. It is our expectation that these beneficiaries will make the best use of this second chance by being law-abiding and good citizens,” Fapohunda said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!