Vehicle Inspection Officers (VIO) have been charged to refocus their operations by reporting bad road infrastructures in various parts of the country to relevant authorities rather than concentrating on the arrest of motorists for traffic offences. Speaking during a courtesy visit by members of the national conference of Directors/Chief VIO of the federation, led by Engineer Adebayo Olusoji in Ilorin on Thursday, the Kwara state deputy governor, Mr Kayode Alabi, called on Vehicle Inspection Officers to play an active role in ensuring the safety of lives and property on Nigerian roads. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/road-traffic-americas-sanity-nigerias-madness/ While lamenting the present state of some major roads in the country, the deputy governor said that people should not heap the blame only on government, calling for complementary roles by members of the public. Mr Alabi, who called on VIO operatives to check to overload, particularly, among commercial transporters, said that the practice is common on Nigerian roads. Buhari promises revival of Nigeria-Russia relations Ministry of Works to prioritise completion of ongoing road… Era of monumental decay in varsities over ― TETFund boss Putin touts strengthening Russian military ties with Africa The deputy governor, who said that most of the nation’s challenges are due to attitudinal behaviour and people’s mindset, added that the vehicle inspection activities should go with social responsibility. He also said that the state government would continue to provide the enabling environment for VIO to perform effectively in the state. Also speaking, the leader of the team, Engineer Olusoji, enumerated functions and duties of VIO which include ensuring the safety of lives and property on Nigerian roads. Engineer Olusoji who is the Head Controlling, Regulations and Enforcement Division, Lagos State Ministry of Transportation said that the office played major role in the issuance of licence and roadworthiness certificate. He noted that the Conference would meet in Lagos for a four-day retreat beginning from October 30 to November 2. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!