The Lagos State government has alerted residents on the cause of rise in water level resulting in flooding in the densely populated state. The Commissioner for the Environment and Water Resources, Mr Tunji Bello, stating this in a release on Friday, said, the rise in sea water level as a result of the inability of the lagoon to discharge water into the ocean is causing back flow into the drainage channels. But Bello said the officials of the state are working on different measures to remove the constriction and blockades that would allow easy passage for the resultant flooding. According to him, the state government is also in talks with the officials of the Ogun Osun River Basin Authority which is releasing water to do so gradually. More trouble for Lagos-Ibadan Expressway users Presidency to spend N82.2m on sewage in 2020 •Budgets N463.6… Oyo to construct N8bn Iwo Road interchange in 11 months Road accidents claim 275 lives in 6 months in N/East He explained that the rise in sea level has contributed to current flooding in many parts of Ikoyi, V.I, Dolphin and Oworoshoki because the lagoon can not discharge and is causing back flow into drainage outlets. ALSO READ: Rain of tears: Flood sacks Lagos, part of Ogun He said the officials of the Drainage Department had expected it to go down by evening but from the look of things now may last throughout the weekend. Similarly, the Commissioner said the Ogun-Oshun River Basin Authority can no longer hold the Oyan Dam hence, has been releasing its water causing rise in Ogun River and this has affected low line areas like Isheri North and Magodo and up to Owode Onirin. Bello said until the ocean level goes down, the lagoon cannot discharge water into the ocean and causing back flow into all the drainage outlets in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....