Governor Yayaha Bello of Kogi State has affirmed that 55 per cent of women that cast their ballots for President Muhammadu Buhari during the 2019 general elections was the handiwork of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu. The governor also described her as a bridge-builder and a skilful mobilizer that deserves honour both at home and national level, adding that her ministerial appointment was not a surprise to many supporters of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state. The governor, according to a statement issued and signed by the Special Assistant on Media to the minister, Mr. Austine Elemue, a copy of which was made available to Tribune Online in Abuja, on Sunday, made this assertion during the grand reception organised by his wife, Hajia Rashida Yahaya Bello, in honour of the minister at the Government House, Lokoja. Represented by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Mrs. Shade Ayoade, the governor maintained that the minister has strengthened the place of women in the party’s dynamics and used it as a platform to effectively market the party’s programmes as it relates to women empowerment and development. Bello applauded the poverty alleviation programmes initiated by the minister in rural communities, noting that she used her platform to strengthen marginalized communities by placing emphasis on poverty alleviation programmes that would reduce poverty. “A woman of relentless vigour, she initiated a grass root women mobilization machinery with a penetrating door-to-door campaign in private homes in the six-geo political zones of the country as a strategic effort to market unique selling points of the APC presidential flag bearer and his running mate. ALSO READ:  EFCC recovers huge sum of money for NHIS BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… “To complement the gains of her insight, Hajiya Ramatu mounted a vigorous outreach programme with market women right inside their respective stalls and trade posts in virtually all the 36 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). “An avowed crusader, she visited homes of notable leaders of various ethnic tribal associations in strategic parts of the country from Sokoto through Ile-Ife to Uyo, extolling the virtues of General Buhari’s antecedents as a bridge-builder with consummate passion for a new Nigeria of equal opportunity for all, especially the women. “It is, therefore, not surprising that over 55% of the electorate, who elected General Muhammadu Buhari as president were women. A most telling endorsement of her tireless efforts in the emergence of Nigeria’s 4th elected president,” the statement stressed. In her response, the minister thanked the government and people of the state for the warm reception accorded her, just as she promised to be a crusader by serving the people of Kogi as their servant. “Today is indeed a very memorable day I will never forget in a hurry. Perhaps not in my entire life because I got celebrated by those who matter to me most. Those that have seen me grow and seen me through my political struggles. “I have nothing to say than to say thank you to them especially our mother, the wife of Kogi State Governor who put this night together,” the statement added. The dinner night was attended by the FCT Permanent Secretary, Sir Christian Ohaa, Chairmen of the six Area Councils in FCT, Directors and Heads of Departments and Agencies of the FCT administration. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!