IN its bid to further encourage teachers in the state to do more, the Ogun State government has disclosed that plans are underway to have the Governor’s Teachers’ School Excellence Award, with a view to creating healthy competition among teachers in the state. The state governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, made this known in his office while being presented with the teachers and school administrator who won awards at the President-Teachers School Excellence Award recently held in Abuja. The award is meant for teachers across the country. The governor said the state government was happy about the feat recorded by the teachers and would domesticate the award to let teachers in the state know that their reward is not only in heaven, but also on earth. “I want to introduce a state challenge among teachers in our state. The challenge will be known as the Governor’s Teachers’ School Excellence Award. We are going to domesticate this. What we will do to those that excel will be bigger than what you got from the President-Teachers Award. Nothern elder advises Igbo on how to clinch Presidency in… EFCC budgets N42.3m to rent offices Benue killings: We are sorry, Miyetti Allah apologises on… How Orkar coup opened our eyes in the North — Adamu Fika “We will expand it to accommodate more teachers. Today, you have done us proud; our heads are ‘swollen.’ It is important we sustain it, and one of the ways is to establish the Governor’s Excellence Award,” he said. ALSO READ: PHOTOS: Fire incident at Transcorp Building, 38, Glover Road, Ikoyi He added that the state government would continue to give all necessary support to teachers in the state, saying that his administration would continue to do all in its power to return the state to its place of pride in the education sector. “If out of 15 awards, we won four, that means there is 11 to share among the other 35 states. That means we have done well. I want to assure you that we will give you all the needed support to sustain all what you have achieved,” he said. He announced  that the state government would support the Best School Teacher (private school category), Mr Adebiyi Temitayo, from Varsity Children Grammar School, Ijebu-Ode, with N2 million; Best Teacher Senior (Public), Mr Adeeko Ademola, from the Baptist Boys High School, Saje, Abeokuta, with N1.5 million; Best School Senior Secondary (Public), Mr Olalekan Dawodu, the Principal of Mayflower School, Ikenne, with N1 million; and the Best Administrator, Junior School (Public), from Aderenle High School, Ifo, with N500, 000. Earlier in her remarks, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Primary, Secondary and Technical Education, Mrs Ronke Soyombo, noted that the feat recorded at the awards was an indication of better things to come for the education sector of the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!