Ogun state governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has urged members of the public to be wary of fake complimentary cards in circulation about his person and office. The governor in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, said the fake complementary card which indicates his Iperu-Remo home as his official office was nothing but the handiwork of mischief-makers. Abiodun said he would not reduce the office of the governor to a “family estate”. “Every right-thinking person knows that Oke Mosan, Abeokuta is the official seat of the governor of Ogun state. We have promised to uphold the rule of law and provide good governance. We have scrupulously stay on that course. Iwo road interchange: APC’s criticism, show of extreme… Sen Bamidele hails Afe Babalola at 90 Board releases 2019/20 land allocation for cocoa farming in… NBA calls for restraint, respect for rule of law over… ALSO READ: Iwo road interchange: APC’s criticism, show of extreme insensitivity ― PDP “Therefore, we have no doubt that the printing and circulation of these fake complimentary cards must be the handiwork of mischief makers who have sinisterly ulterior motives.” Prince Abiodun said while the Emmanuel Villa, Iperu-Remo is his private residence, “nobody can transfer the instrument of office to a country home. It must be part of the campaign of calumny to disparage and lower the esteem of the governor before the right-thinking members of the public and the good people of Ogun state who gave him the mandate to govern them”, the statement added. Somorin noted that: “Prince Abiodun is not a provincialist and would not turn Ogun state to Abiodun & Brothers Limited as was the case in the immediate past. The whole of Ogun state is his constituency, not a fraction of it.” He urged the people to be mindful of those they deal with so as not to be scammed by unscrupulous people using his name. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!