Anambra State government says it has developed an innovative model to empower the youths of the State. The State Commissioner for Youths Entrepreneurship and Creative Economy, Mr Afam Mbanefo made this known when he paid a courtesy visit to the traditional ruler of Ogidi, Igwe Alex Onyido at his Palace in Idemili North Local Government Area, shortly after an inspection of a skill acquisition centre build by the community. Our correspondent gathered that Mr Mbanefo who was accompanied to the visit by the Permanent Secretary of the ministry, Mrs Rita Ezeanya as well as the Director of Youths, Mrs Chitoo Osili said that the mandate of the ministry is to create an environment that will make the youths to be employable, employers and equally bring financial literacy to them. He noted that the ministry has introduced Inventor Investor Initiative, where they will visit all the communities in the state, to identify youths that are creative and innovative to be empowered and urged Ogidi youths to key into what the state government is doing in the area of youth empowerment. Ghana president, first lady thrilled at FOCOS charity for… Facebook removes coordinated fake accounts in Nigeria, UAE,… Facebook launches Threads from Instagram, new camera-first… Nigeria Customs Service explains reason for operation at… ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/three-died-in-auto-crash-in-ondo/ The Managing Director, Anambra Small Business Agency, Mr Clement Chukwuka maintained that Governor Willie Obiano has set aside, a substantial amount of money in the agency, for youths that have business ideas, skills and potential to explore. The traditional ruler of Ogidi, Igwe Alex Onyido said that the community is keen on supporting the government to empower their youths, in order to disabuse their minds of cultism, drug abuse and other social vices. The President General, Ogidi Union Nigeria, Mr Jideofor Onubogu, explained that youths unemployment has been a source of concern to them, which has compelled them to build a skill acquisition centre, but disclosed that they lack the financial muscle to empower all the youths. One of the youths, Mr Godfrey Atuanya who is a graduate of cooperate economics and management said that many youths have skills and ideas, but lack financial assistance to excel. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.