Over 50 participants from across Africa are expected to gather at Shehu Musa Yar’Adua Centre, Abuja between November 4 and 6, 2019 for the first session of African Economic Congress (AEC). Chief Executive Officer, AEC, Mrs. Nancy Nnaji who spoke at a press conference on Monday said the congress, which theme is “Building the Africa we want”, will focus on strategic ramifications of the African Continental Free Trade Area (ACFTA) and its future impact on cooperation and industrial revolution of the continent. “The congress will contribute to this debate by explaining and promoting its priorities and policy actions to address challenges in areas like trade and investment, agriculture, economic policy, climate change, and energy. Nigeria can feed itself, no need for importation ― Agric… Medicine is not only about injections, but also love, care ―… Our administration is committed to ending LAUTECH crisis ―… SexForGrades: Panelists urge FG to support Nigerian media ALSO READ: Lagos is committed to quality education ― Commissioner Nnaji noted that although Africa is seen as the second largest growing economy, “today Africa is witnessing political and economic resurgence, it is time that our leaders come together, push African development to be owned and driven by the African people in the pursuit of pan Africanism” During the session, participants will also engage in an in-depth dialogue with a number of international financial institutions, economic stakeholders, industry players, and the International Finance Corporation, in order to review the development and adoption of policies and mechanisms for the engagement and effective participation of peoples. Already, 32 speakers from various parts of Africa and beyond have confirmed their attendance at the annual congress. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!