On President Buhari’s ‘economic think tank’, at the macroeconomic level, we have omitted something. I am not bragging, neither do I intend to toot my own horn. The Economic Advisory Council has another four years to find the pin in the hay stack, which is the key to unlocking the door to Nigeria’s prosperity. Do we adopt a wait-and-see attitude and give the team the opportunity to find the pin themselves?   As a patriot that doesn’t want to keep the country in darkness for another four years, I have a suggestion: we are told that the first key to strategic marketing is quality.  To assist  our experts  open the floodgates to progress,  let them use  their  expertise  to bring  quality  service to the  power sector  for starters, produce a  holistic plan for the health sector, the education sector, the industries, to provide the nation  with quality goods and services. Court slates Oct 7 to hear Metuh’s application against EFCC spokesman That is the first hurdle for them to clear. The Economic Advisory Council team, therefore, ought to include engineers, doctors, scientists, educationists, researchers in our industrial institutions e.t.c. Ministers in some of the ministries may not have sufficient expertise to bail this country out of darkness. Collaborate with EFCC to fight cyber crimes Land grabbers  in Ifo Nigeria’s participation at 74th UN General Assembly On Sowore’s detention In the past, they had held numerous retreats, town hall meetings all to no avail, claiming hundreds of thousands of tax payer’s money. This all-inclusive team this time round cannot afford to fail. Communication experts in the media should not be excluded also. If the team includes financial experts, then they should, as a first task, advise the government not to further enslave us and our children by taking any further loan to increase the debt burden being serviced with over 20 per cent of the nation’s annual budget. The government should avoid selling our future. All hands should be on deck to save this country from the type of embarrassment we are experiencing in terms of the management of our economy right now. A word is enough for the wise. John R. Jimoh, Molipa, Ijebu-Ode. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.