THE United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says one in every five of the world’s out-of-school children is in Nigeria. As part of efforts to end this stigma and promote quality education as a weapon to drive societal change, Corona Schools Trust Council (CSTC) recently held the maiden Corona Connect Series with the theme ‘Quality Education: An Imperative for Social Change’. The well-attended seminar, which held at the expansive hall of The Podium, Lekki, Lagos, on Thursday, October 24th, 2019, had as sub-theme, ‘Sustainability Channels for Economic Empowerment -A Spotlight on Education’, and had in attendance the Lagos State Commissioner for Education, Mrs. Folasade Adefisayo. Mrs. Adefisayo, a former executive director, CSTC, apart from being a keynote speaker at the event also represented the Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu. Twitter bans political adverts worldwide In her opening remark, the CEO Corona Schools Trust Council, Mrs. Adeyoyin Adesina, said it was a proud moment for the school to be championing the cause for the advancement of education and socioeconomic development in Nigeria. According to her, the aim of the series is to “make a connection for an enabler that not only drives innovation in the classroom but in the nation as well.” She said: “Over the last three decades, we have witnessed a number of changes in the education landscape in Nigeria. The sector has not been immune to the economic downturn in the nation. However, Nigeria is a great country. We at Corona believe in Nigeria; and with greatness come great expectations. “Education has no doubt been the worst hit with little attention, little innovation or investment made to the sector. Teacher’s quality is on the decline, and we hear mind-boggling numbers of out-of-school children. These are big, complex and national issues on education to contend with, hence the relevance of this series.” She called on all stakeholders in the education sector to rethink education and commit to the implementation of the redesigned framework capable of engendering social and economic development in Nigeria. OAU VC, others advocate integration of entrepreneurial… Lagos urges private  parnership to revitalise education… We still pay fees in Nasarawa varsity, physically challenged… ‘Graduates should learn employable skills before graduation’ “Everyone in the private and public sectors needs to rally round, work with the government and do what we can to transform education and bring about the desired change,” she added. In his goodwill message, Governor Sanwo-Olu commended CSTC for the efforts in improving the quality of education and (for) its invaluable contribution over the years to improving the standard and quality of education. Speaking on the efforts being made by the Lagos State government towards quality education and returning out-of-school children to the classrooms, Adefisayo said the government is currently focused on introducing ICT into the schools’ curriculum, reviewing the school learning syllabus, as well as embarking on training and massive recruitment of teachers. In his remarks, former Minister for Industry, Trade and Investment, Dr. Okechukwu Enelamah, stressed the importance of returning to the basics. “We need to produce good leadership, reinstate good values, and build a society that would be globally competitive again. “To achieve this, the most important thing is to ensure that the stakeholders are working together, just like Corona Connect Series is trying to do. “Hence, government needs to be working with people in the education space – investors, financiers and philanthropists, civil societies and parents – to ensure that we are all working together to improve education because the situation is quite desperate in the country today.” Speaking with journalists, the chairman CSTC, Hon. Justice Bukunola Adebiyi, noted that educating youths is very imperative to the social development of Nigeria. “Educating our youths, leaders and ourselves is very imperative to the social development of Nigeria. And as the largest country in Africa in terms of population, we have a lot to contribute, and we have a teeming population of very intelligent people who, if given the opportunity, would be able to contribute positively to the growth of this country, “the CSTC chairman said. Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!