The Federal Government, in making additional investments in response to cancer scourge, has designated seven Oncology Centres of Excellence, includng the University of Benin Teaching Hospital (UBTH), Benin and Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), Lagos for an upgrade. Others are University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan; University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital (UNTH), Enugu; Usman Danfodio University Teaching Hospital (UDUTH), Sokoto; Ahmadu Bello University Teaching Hospital (ABUTH), Zaria and National Hospital (NH), Abuja. Minister of State, Health, Dr Olorunnimbe Mamora, disclosed this at the launch of the Nigeria Chemotherapy Access Partnership (CAP) Programme at the Trauma Centre, of the National Hospital, Abuja. Jubilation in Anambra Community over Chidoka’s court victory The minister stated that “the burden of cancer is high and is estimated to double by 2040. As a result, cancer is now one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in Nigeria, yet access to treatment is still limited”. African continent has highest stroke rate globally —NSO Rotary provides $50m in polio funding Fund health sector, NUAHP urges FG Too much salt can cause weight gain He said: “More than half of patients do not receive the treatment they need because they cannot afford it”. To tackle these challenges, the Federal Ministry of Health, in 2017, partnered the Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI), the American Cancer Society (ACS), the pharmaceutical company, Pfizer Inc. and private sector players such as Worldwide Healthcare and EMGE Resources, Limited to enable patients’ access quality chemotherapy medicines at affordable prices. The minister said the public-private partnership has also facilitated the placement of solar direct drive refrigerators by EMGE Resources Limited at pharmacies in seven hospitals to maintain preservation and efficacy of these medicines. According to him, the Federal Government will endeavour to expand this programme to more hospitals in order to enable patients throughout the country to receive quality chemotherapy treatment at an affordable price. He urged patients to go to these health facilities and receive the care they need. Earlier, the Chief Medical Director of the National Hospital, Dr J. Momoh, stated that the hospital has expanded cancer services by conducting screenings for cervical and other cancers, as well as improved infrastructure for cancer treatment. Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!