Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi on Thursday, inaugurated the distribution of free education instructional materials to pupils across the 21 local government area of the state in order to strengthen quality academic performance. The governor also distributed sixty-six (66) free modern laptop computers to the LGA staff who were recently trained across the state. Speaking at the inauguration ceremony in Lokoja, the governor said that at the inception of the New Direction Government, an emergency was declared on productivity and ensuring delivery of quality education to Kogi children. Bello, who was represented by the Commissioner for Local Government Administration and Chieftaincy Affairs, Engineer Abubakar Ohere, said there had been lots of reforms in the state’s civil service and the education sector, reflected in the New Direction Thematic blueprint. He noted that the distribution had been ongoing, while the inauguration of another phase would complement the effort made so far. According to Bello, the distribution of these instructional materials was quite symbolic to his government’s effort to reverberate the education sector and ensure that pupils were given the necessary tools required for an excellent performance. He added that the distribution of laptops was also important to boost the capacity and productivity of the workforce in the state particularly those at the local government level. The governor further revealed that both the distribution of educational materials to pupils and laptops to staffers of the LGAs were executed free of charge. Worker’s salary increase: Buhari is ready for honest,… zero tolerance on maternal mortality has paid off ― Aisha… NILDS, stakeholders applaud FG’s direct payment of… Buhari meets Ramaphosa, condemns attacks on Nigerians, other… ALSO READ: Second term for me not negotiable ― Obaseki He opined that the gesture would help the children to know better; an assurance of a better future for the State. Speaking on behalf of other Local Government Administrators, the Kabba/Bunnu Administrator, Hon. Moses Olorunleke, thanked the governor for investing in the future of the State. He said that such kind of gesture would go a long way to help in guiding the learning of the school children at the foundational level. Olorunleke also commended the ministry’s Commissioner for doing such great work which he said was having a direct impact on the lives of the citizenry. He, therefore, on behalf of his colleagues assured the judicious use of the educational materials for the school children as well as the laptops for the local government staffers. The administrator also affirmed that the victory of the governor at the November 16, the gubernatorial election had been signed, sealed and would be delivered soon. The materials distributed were stationery such as textbooks, notebooks, instructional materials, among several others. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.