Steve Eboh, actor and former National Caretaker Committee Chairman of the Actors Guild of Nigeria (AGN), has lamented that the Nigerian movie industry, popularly known as Nollywood, lacks government support. The veteran thespian stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. According to Eboh, the industry has been faced with challenges, which the government at all levels has shown little or no leadership will to handle. He identified lack of funds, piracy, and weak legislature as some setbacks confronting Nollywood filmmakers that need expedient intervention for the industry to contribute its best to national economic growth and social development. ALSO READ: Nollywood over the years “Government has not really done enough to provide the needed enabling environment and support for the industry. “They have not actually provided a conducive environment for the industry to work well, as they see us as people they should only invite to grace their events and amuse them. “They provide funds and make the conditions so stringent that it becomes almost impossible for it to be accessed. “How can you tell filmmakers to bring collaterals before they can access government money to produce films. Nigerian actress, Mercy Johnson, bags Pennek’s Brand… Nollywood diva, Monalisa Chinda, harps on actors’ welfare Two million women, families to benefit from Access Bank’s W… FG pledges support for upcoming All Africa Music Awards “The issue of you must know someday that knows somebody before you can access government t fund is not good for the industry,” he said. Eboh, also a past national vice president of the AGN, noted that piracy was still a major threat to the growth of the industry, as activities of pirates had continued over the years almost unchecked. He, however, added that it was time for Nigeria’s Copyright Laws to be reviewed and special courts established to effectively tackle piracy in line with modern realities. “We want special courts for piracy, and if I get someone pirating my film, I can go to such court or tribunals to seek redress as quickly as possible. “In most some cases, if you go to the normal courts,  for 17 years the case is still on, and that gives room for others to continue their piracy business,” he said. ALSO READ: I never slept with any producer for fame —Slay Queen NAN reports that Nigeria’s movie industry, popularly known as Nollywood, is the second-largest movie industry in the world, behind Indian’s Bollywood. It has an estimated one million people directly or indirectly working in the industry; making distributing and screening of movies become the country’s second-biggest source of employment after agriculture. In 2014, Nollywood reportedly contributed more than 1.4 percent of GDP to Nigeria’s economy. However, piracy, lack of funding and technical support have remained major challenges to the productive growth of the sector over the years. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!