While on the entourage of President Muhammadu Buhari to Sochi in Russia for the Russia-Africa Economic Summit, Gombe state governor,  Alhaji Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya said that he took advantage of the trip to woo investors and development partners to invest in the state. The governor who had some engagements with prospective investors at the sideline of the Russia-Africa Business Summit in the black sea resort, city of Sochi, told newsmen that he discussed investment opportunities in Gombe state with Russian businessmen. According to a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the Governor, Inuwa Yahaya said that: “I have been able to establish contacts and relationships with prospective Russian investors that will enable us set up some medium and small scale industries that will help the economy of the state, especially by way of establishing an industrial park that will help in spring up businesses that will absorb our youths out of the streets and engage them in meaningful ventures and generate wealth.” ALSO READ: 2020 Budget: Opposition Reps insist on thorough scrutiny before passage 2020 Budget: Opposition Reps insist on thorough scrutiny… Border closure may affect Lagos Trade Fair ― LCCI ABUAD splashes over N14m on youths in agribusiness Gov Lalong explains circumstances surrounding his… “The industrial park is a government initiative that will provide infrastructures such as roads, energy, security and some tax holiday incentives that will encourage investors to establish industries in the state. “When established, it will create employment, increase business opportunities, foster transfer of technology and generate more revenue for the state.” The governor also discussed the vast agricultural, solid mineral resources and other opportunities in Gombe state and Nigeria in general. It would be recalled that Governors Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya of Gombe state, Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti state and Bello Matawalle of Zamfara state, as well as some ministers, accompanied President  Muhammadu Buhari to the three-day Russia–Africa Summit held in Sochi, Russia, with about 40 Heads of State and Governments in attendance. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!