The Bayelsa State Commissioner for Mineral Resources, Mr Markson Fefegha, has rescinded his decision to resign his appointment from the cabinet of Governor Seriake Dickson and from the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). Fafegha had on October 18, 2019, tendered his resignation letter from Governor Seriake Dickson-led administration and the PDP. He said his early decision was as a result of the communication gap between him and Governor Dickson. Fafegha in a letter to rescind his resignation decision stated that he has met with the Governor and they have resolved all lingering issues. He, thereby, appealed to his supporters to give maximum support to PDP, particularly the PDP candidate in the November 16 governorship election in the state. ALSO READ: EFCC recovers charms, fake currencies from suspected internet fraudsters in Ilorin EFCC recovers charms, fake currencies from suspected… Kwara charges VIO to play active role in road safety Buhari promises revival of Nigeria-Russia relations Ministry of Works to prioritise completion of ongoing road… The letter reads: “It is with a deep sense of responsibility that I address my colleagues, political associates and supporters through this medium. “You will recall that I resigned my appointment as Commissioner for Mineral Resources on the 18th of October, 2019 because of what I perceived as ‘political uncertainty’ and other considerations. “This was due largely to the communication gap between me and His Excellency, Henry Seriake Dickson, Governor of Bayelsa state at the time. Having met and discussed with him, I have reconsidered my decision to remain in the party and the government. “Over the years, we have a shared bond of friendship and the mystic cord of brotherhood, which cannot be sacrificed on the altar of political exigencies. “I shall continue to lavish adulation to his developmental efforts and quality of leadership to Bayelsa state and the Ijaw nation. “I urge all my supporters to remain steadfast and continue to support the Peoples Democratic Party. “Let us join hands together to build a prosperous Bayelsa state. I thank you for your understanding.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!