The Lagos State government has appealed for understanding of residents of the state as it ramps efforts to free up clogged drains and mop up floods that have taken over many streets and roads across the state, urging them not to panic or resort to panicky measures. In a statement signed by the Commissioner for the Environment and Water Resources, Mr Tunji Bello, the state government assured the residents that succour would soon come as the state is deploying more flood abatement gangs to major trouble spots to free manholes and some clogged up drains to complement the efforts of major contractors handling the cleaning up of major drains. He listed some areas that have experienced the palliative measures of the abatement gangs to include Fred Anyiam and Femi Ayantuga Streets in Surulere Local Government, Car Wash area in Egbe/Idimu Local Council Development Area (LCDA), Macgregor canal in Obalende LCDA, Ago Palace Way in Oshodi Isolo LCDA, Festac Extension in Amuwo Odofin Local Government Area and Ipodo in Ikeja. He explained that engineers and top officials of the ministry had also gone round the state in the last three months to ascertain the true state of all primary, secondary and tertiary drains and compiled a report which is part of what will serve as guide to future steps ‘PreCOP25 in Costa Rica serves as springboard for climate… Lagos water crisis: Jettison privatisation, probe N1.6bn… Akoka pollution: 900,000 children risk gradual death Global environmental movers and shakers receive UNEP… He said that to make the data gathered more inclusive, the ministry also released a phone number to the public to send in pictures about the state of the environment in their neighbourhoods and that the response has been overwhelming. He appealed to the people to desist from dumping refuse into the drains, adding that de-silting of the drains have been compounded by the activities of residents who have turned many major drainage channels into refuse dumps. He also reiterated the warning issued to all property owners who have built on set backs of drainage channels or drainage alignments to remove all such structures as they constitute major impediments to free flow of water into the various drainage channels. Bello emphasized that the ministry, in conjunction with other agencies, will ensure that the residents of the state do not experience a repeat of the flooding of the roads, streets and homes brought about by the near total neglect of the maintenance of the drainage channels in the last three years anymore. He said the poor state of the drainage system has also affected the road networks despite the continuous rehabilitation of the roads by the State Public Works Bureau, re-echoing the promise of the State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu that massive rehabilitation of the roads will commence immediately the rains subside. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!