THE Muslim Congress (TMC) has offered to support the agenda of the military to adopt a ‘spiritual’ approach to combating the terrorist organisation, Boko Haram. The Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant-General Tukur Buratai, had said at a recent seminar that the military would adopt “spiritual warfare” approach in tackling the menace of Boko Haram, a comment that had been met with antagonism from different quarters in the country. The waali (coordinator) of the Ogun State chapter of TMC, Dr Ibrahim Ogunkoya, in a statement, said the organisation was ready to be part of the army’s plan to use re-orientation, prayers and other “spiritual” means to starve the terrorist organisation of members. Ogunkoya said: “It is sad for people to read negative meaning into innocent comments of our public officials. What the TMC understands by the Chief of Army Staff’s statement on spiritual approach to combating the Boko Haram is an attempt to prevent continuous indoctrination of vulnerable Nigerians to join the group or be sympathetic to its cause. Avert impending labour strike, MMWG urges FG Olaniyan, Oladosu, Shafi’i evaluate Nigeria at 59 Muslim stakeholders want religious  freedom in Kwara schools Islamic group honours  Oyetola’s aide, 11 others “This will encourage the spread the pristine Islamic message that is devoid of violence. This approach has our full supports as innocent Nigerians will not be brain-washed and manipulated to be part of the devilish Boko Haram agenda against the sovereign State of Nigeria. “Nigerians should support this spiritual approach rather than criticise it if they are truly patriotic. “By this development, The Muslim Congress (TMC) will intensify its drive towards enlightenment, re-orientation and spread of knowledge about the pristine Islam so that Nigerians, especially the youths, will not be indoctrinated by the Boko Haram. “The Muslim Congress (TMC), therefore, wholly supports the spiritual approach of the military towards tackling religion-related crisis and insecurity in Nigeria. “We implore Nigerians as individuals and groups to support this lofty idea with open mind and appreciate the ingenuity of the military in tackling the menace of Boko Haram ravaging the North Eastern states of the country.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!