NIGERIA’S capacity to produce steel drum in-coutnry received a boost when Pacegate Limited, a subsidiary of Hana Group and manufacturer of steel drums in Nigeria, increased its production capacity to 5,000 steel drums per day. The Managing Director of Pacegate Limited, Mr Umesh Amarnani, stated this during the tour of the steel drums manufacturing plant at Ilupeju Industrial Avenue in Lagos by reporters. According to him, the plant tour by reporters was to mark one year of the company pioneering Africa’s largest fully automated steel drum factory in Nigeria. Amarnani said the company is the first and only United Nation (UN) certified steel drum factory in Nigeria, noting that the UN approved packaging guarantees that the drums have been built, tested and certified to carry precious liquids or solids, which can either be hazardous or non-hazardous. “The certification also confirms that the drums are environmentally friendly and with no leakages. Also, UN certification is mandatory for the export of steel drums,” he added. Buhari to police: Arrest ‘yahoo’ criminals, but don’t harass innocent young people Pacegate’s automated steel drum factory can produce 5,000 steel drums per day. Each steel drum has a capacity of 210 litres. The company produces various types of steel drums – open top and the closed top drums. The closed top drums are closed on the top while the open-top drums are open to allow access from the top for ease of application. The closed top steel drum is typically used for storing low viscosity fluids while open top drums are convenient for storing solids, powder and highly viscous fluids. “At the moment, most independent lubricant blenders are using plastic drums, however, the global industry standard in the oil and gas sector is steel drums. This is because steel drums are more superior to plastic drums. They perform very well in extreme temperature, humidity, and pressure variations while maintaining their structural integrity irrespective of heat and flame, without any leakage or spillage. When paired with a proper fire-suppression system, retrieving-style steel drums provide optimum protection even in high-temperature fire. Paucity of funds hampering completion of our modular… NGA urges FG to leverage natural gas for sectoral… DPR to approve trucks with tracking device for safer roads Corporate governance code: Oil marketers pledge compliance “As we celebrate one year of producing the highest quality drums with minimum lead times, our fundamental goal is to convert users of plastic drums to steel drums by educating them on the benefits of steel drums. Globally, there is an increasing demand for cost-effective, yet efficient packaging solutions to overcome the bulk packaging challenges. We are determined to make steel drums a sustainable and affordable packaging solution in Nigeria. “Our steel drums are custom-made according to the customer’s needs, and we are dedicated to investing in improving our standards to reflect global best practices and ensure that we are well-positioned to meet the challenges of increasing demand for steel drums,” he said. Pacegate’s customers cut across the economy especially the oil and gas. It has clients in lubricant, paint, chemicals and agricultural sector such as Eterna Oil, CAT, Castrol, Viva, Total, Mobil, Forte Oil, Hyde, Sika and Zico, among others. Furthermore, the General Manager, Sales and Technical, Pacegate Limited, Mr Ayodapo Keshinro, said the company has 35 per cent market for additives and the demand for steel drums in the agricultural sector is gradually increasing. “Nigeria is evolving into industrialisation with its local content policy implementation and awareness of the availability of UN certified steel drums, more chemicals will be produced and packaged in Nigeria. Pacegate supplies closed top steel drums to most oil and gas companies in Nigeria. Apart from steel drums production, Pacegate also distributes lubricant additives and industrial grease to ensure a sustainable and affordable packaging solution in Nigeria to reflect global best practices”, Keshinro added. Nigerian Tribune  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!