Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed has described his victory at the State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal as a victory for democracy and people of the state regardless of their political affiliation. While addressing journalists on his victory, the Governor described the development as a dousing of the uneasy calm that has gripped the state since the commencement of the case. According to him, after every effort by the opponent failed to give them victory, he would establish a framework for the urgent task of restoring hope to what he described as demoralized, disenchanted and dispirited people of the state. Senator Bala Mohammed also said that the confirmation is so loud and clear that it rings from Azare, Alkaleri to Ningi and the nook and cranny of the state as the sound of the victory reverberates through the length and breadth of the state. He added that for his administration, the victory is, without doubt, a deeply sobering moment by revalidating the sacred mandate entrusted on him by the people of the state, adding that the administration was been summoned to greater heights of service delivery. Education: The Abiodun intervention in Ogun #SexForGrades scandal: Atiku says ‘It’s an… Fullrange microfinance bank offers loan to transporters SDP constitutes caretaker committee for party in Osun ALSO READ:  Maritime Security: Navy acquires inshore patrol crafts, arrest 206 vessels ― Ibas The Governor further said that the development summoned the administration to remove the cloak of partisanship that breeds injustice and fuels hatred to unfasten the parochial prism that beclouds the sense of oneness and deepens the stagnation of the environment. The Governor noted that the victory will only make sense when every Bauchi child of school age is in the classroom or when every school leaver is productively engaged in addition to ensuring that every pregnant woman has the reasonable assurance that she will not die for childbirth. He, therefore, dedicated his victory to the entire people of the state and insisted that nothing will distract him from his sustained pursuit of the 7-point agenda until he attains the ultimate goal of achieving the greatest good for the greatest number of all those who reside in the state. Bala Mohammed also used the medium to appeal to all stakeholders especially him opponents at the Tribunal to sheath their swords by supporting his administration for the development of the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!