Popular lawyer and human right activist, Femi Falana, has advised the Federal Government to end closure of the border in the interest of the nation. Falana said this at the annual conference of the ECOWAS Court of Justice in Accra, Ghana, on Thursday, while delivering his speech on “Rule of Law, Good Governance and Economic Development.” He recommended that instead of the Federal Government closing the borders it should dialogue with Nigeria’s neighbouring countries to fight smuggling and other activities that necessitated the closure. The lawyer explained that the effect of border closure may be disastrous on the Nigerian economy if sustained for too long as neighbouring countries may retaliate by imposing a ban on Nigerian goods from coming into their countries. He said they may also go further by closing down Nigerian banks and other Nigerian businesses operating in their countries. ALSO READ: Ondo govt halts sales of cow meat as lightning strikes dead eight cows Reps demand explanations on $460m Abuja CCTV camera project Oba of Benin receives Africa Travel 100 Global Personalities… Communities get transformer, electric poles years after… You’re an animal, judge tells Chrisland School… According to Falana, “The neighbouring countries may retaliate by imposing a ban on goods being exported from Nigeria by air. They may also close down Nigerian banks and other businesses operating in other member states of the ECOWAS.” Falana further advised the FG to snub the International Monetary Fund (IMF) backing on the closure of its borders as he described the endorsement as an effort to weaken Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) regional integration agenda. “Border closure is inconsistent with the letter and spirit of ECOWAS protocol on the free movement of persons, residence and establishment and the African continental free trade agreement. “The endorsement of the IMF is a deliberate design to weaken the ECOWAS regional integration agenda,” Falana said. Falana, however, suggested that the FG should resolve to approach the Court of Justice of ECOWAS, dragging Republic of Benin and Niger for breaching the ECOWAS Protocol by allegedly encouraging the smuggling of petrol, rice and other products or alternatively the menace should be addressed like terrorism which is being battled by Nigeria and her neighbours. “Instead of resorting to the unilateral closure of borders the Federal Government should drag the Republics of Benin and Niger to the Court of Justice of the ECOWAS for breaching the ECOWAS Protocol by allegedly encouraging the smuggling of petrol, rice and other products. In the alternative, smuggling should be addressed like terrorism which is being jointly combated by Nigeria and her neighbours,” Falana said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!