THE Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Malam Muhammad Musa Bello, on Tuesday, decried the lynching of three suspected traffic robbers popularly known as ‘one-chance’ in the Dutsen Alhaji area of Abuja, on Monday. This was contained in a press statement issued and signed by the Special Assistant on Media to the minister, Abubakar Sani, a copy of which was made available to the Tribune Online in Abuja. It will be recalled that three suspected ‘one chance’ robbers were set ablaze by a mob at Dutsen Alhaji junction on Kubwa- Zuba highway in Abuja. The minister, while reiterating the FCT administration’s resolve to reduce criminal activities in the territory to the bearest minimum, however, frowned at the mob action which led to the unfortunate death of the three suspects. “The FCT administration is not leaving any stone unturned to ensure that the entire territory is free of criminality and criminal elements. That is why we are working round the clock with the security agencies to maintain a twenty-four surveillance around the city and its environs. #NigeriaAt59: Nigerians must be optimistic for greater… #NigeriaAt59: Don’t be despaired, Lawan tells… Wamakko calls for support with Buhari in moving to next… #NigeriaAt59: Amnesty Nigeria makes eight-point call on FG ALSO READ: NigeriaAt59: We must remain united to build prosperous nation ― Sanwo-Olu “To a very large extent, we are happy with what the security agencies are doing to keep the territory safe and arrest all criminal elements particularly traffic robbers, kidnappers and other lawbreakers wherever they may be,” the statement said. Malam Bello, however, noted that the killing of the three robbers was an act of lawlessness which the FCT administration strongly condemns. “No group or individual has the right to take anybody’s life the way these young men were burnt to death. I have directed the Police to carry out a thorough investigation and bring the perpetrators to book,” it added. The minister, while calling on residents to remain law-abiding, warned that any individual or group found taking the laws into their hands or resorting to self-help would be dealt with in accordance with the relevant laws. He appealed to traditional, community and religious leaders to step up engagements with their subjects by emphasising the need for obedience to the laws of the land and refraining from acts capable of causing the breakdown of law and order. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.