THE Amir (president) of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama’at Nigeria, Alhaji Abdul-Azeez Alatoye, has charged the Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, not to relent in his bid to raise the standard of living of the people of the state, especially in the area of infrastructural development. Alhaji Alatoye gave the charge on Thursday when members of the society paid a courtesy visit to the deputy governor, Mrs Noimot Salako-Oyedele, in her office in Abeokuta. He also commended the governor on his strides in the four months he had been in office. He, however, notified government of the society’s women’s convention slated for December 2 and its annual Jalsa programme scheduled for December 21 in Ilaro. Responding, Salako-Oyedele restated the government’s commitment to infrastructural development and reconstruction of inter-city roads. The deputy governor said the administration was collaborating with the Federal Government on giving room for the private sector to reconstruct roads. MSSN seeks greater protection for the girl-child We’re yet to commence hajj savings scheme  — NAHCON Jaiz Foundation distributes N3m zakat in Jigawa IHR wants NAHCON to adopt two-year hajj registration policy She explained that the anticipated tax returns  would be used in offsetting the costs of roads reconstructed by private companies, adding that Governor Abiodun had been working on how best to tackle the problem of bad roads across the state. “We have had different ideas on how to tackle the inter-city roads, so we are going to construct them on a Public Private Partnership (PPP) basis,” she said. US, Turkey reach ceasefire deal in Syria The executive order has been signed and we are hoping that it can be put into use very quickly and to facilitate private companies to come up with PPP agreement which will allow them to reconstruct the roads,” she said. A statement by the Press Officer, Office of the Deputy Governor, Oluwaseun Boye, Salako-Oyedele added that the state Public Works Agency (PWA) had been rehabilitating and reconstructing some rural and township roads, but the weather had been a major challenge faced by the agency. While imploring the citizens to bear with the state government as it executes its plans, she gave the assurance that as soon as the rains subside, the PWA would increase its pace of work. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....