The Plateau Government on Tuesday pledged to domesticate the National Social Protection Policy to stimulate growth and development in the state. Prof. Danladi Atu, Secretary to the State Government, made the pledge in a remark after receiving a briefing by Dr Sumaye Hamza, the Focal Person, Social Investment Programme (SIP) in the state. Atu described the policy as “very unique” and “impactful” on the lives of citizens and the infrastructure development of the nation. ALSO RAED: Atiku’s appeal: Attack confirms Supreme Court’s unholy alliance with APC, CUPP alleges “It is in view of this that this administration under the leadership of Gov. Simon Lalong is keen in domesticating the National Social Protection Policy. “We have seen its impact on our teeming youths and vulnerable poor in the state which has given room for the peace being enjoyed. “This government is passionate about it knowing quite well that it will boost the social well being of our youths and infrastructure development of the state,” he said. He said Gov. Lalong was running an inclusive government and urged the youth to take advantage of the social investment programme to boost their well being and become employers of labour. Earlier in her briefing, Dr Hamza said that it had become necessary to let the citizens of the state and beyond to know the impact of the programme in the last four years for their desired commitment to it. She said that the intervention which was launched in 2016 by President, Muhammadu Buhari had touched and turned around the lives of almost a million citizens of the state. She said this was realised through the components of SIP which include: Job Creation -NPower, National Home Grown School Feeding- NHGSF, Conditional Cash Transfer – CCT and Government Enterprise Empowerment Programme- GEEP. 847 soldiers killed, buried in one grave in Borno ― Ndume Buhari seeks Senate’s approval of N10bn refund to Kogi… Buhari’s achievements not adequately projected, APC… Unizik launches postgraduate programmes on migration “Government is committed to ensuring that citizens of Nigeria are supported to boost their economic status and subsequently get out of poverty. “SIP objectives include: Boosting productivity, especially amongst the marginalised and the vulnerable, including women, stimulating economic activities in unreached areas, helping to create sustainable jobs, improving livelihood, enhancing financial inclusion and ultimately reducing poverty. She stated that under the Conditional Cash Transfer, over 11,000 poor and vulnerable House-Holds in six local government areas – Jos East, Bassa, Bokkos, Kanke, Langtang North and Wase, are receiving N5,000 monthly. “Over N2 billion has so far been injected into the economy of the state through these Poor and Vulnerable House-Holds in the six local government areas. The selection of the local governments and beneficiaries was done using a globally accepted methodology of high integrity. “Again, under the CCT called Co-Responsibility where almost 4000 lactating mothers, pregnant women and households with zero to five years children who attend antenatal and receive immunisation with evidence are receiving additional N5, 000.00 monthly. “This has tremendously improved the well being of members of the House-Hold. It will enhance the number of pregnant women who attend antenatal clinics and subsequently deliver in Health Care facilities, thus reducing maternal and infant mortality/complications. “We are currently working in the remaining eleven local government areas where over 80,000 poor and vulnerable House-Holds have been enumerated and enrollment has commenced. Once they are enrolled and data synchronised, they will begin to receive the monthly stipends of N5, 000, ” Hamza said. She said the Social Investment Programme had tremendously improved the economic status of citizens, provided jobs, improved agricultural activities, made our young graduates “to think outside the box” and enhanced financial inclusion. According to her, “to enhance expansion and sustainability, it is important to domesticate the National Social Protection Policy in the state.” The SIP Focal Person urged the media to collaborate with the SIP office to “publicise the available interventions at the appropriate time and also publicise success stories for citizens to know”. ‘We need to collaborate with all and sundry in the area of monitoring to ensure effective service delivery to beneficiaries. Monitoring is a collective responsibility,” she said. NAN. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!