The Delta State task force on environment has swung into action to clean up the state capital, Asaba , Warri and other cities in the state. Mobile courts have also  been constituted to prosecute offenders of environmental laws. The  task force  had also been sensitising  companies, residents, traders, among others, urging them  to turn a new leaf by keeping their environment clean. Addressing a press conference in Asaba on Monday, Honourable  Joan Amechi Mrakpor,  Director-General of Asaba Capital Development Authority said the kind of  environmental degradation in the state capital  gives  wrong impression of the state. According to her, the situation was so bad that it could affect investment in the state. “Hitherto, the  heaps of refuse were noticeable at every corner even as sachets water nylon littered the streets of Asaba and other towns. “People  easily throw away cans of soft drinks, orange and banana peels from moving vehicles  without anybody challenging them,” the director-general said, adding that all that were now in the past as  culprits would be dealt with in line with the provisions of the law. Rumbling in Senate over recruitment scandal in FIRS, NDLEA,… Minimum wage: FG, Labour shift ground, negotiations continue… Stop dreaming of one-party state, third term in Nigeria ―… NDDC: Ministry transmits Commission’s 2019 budget to… The former member of the House of Representatives said all bus stops which had been underutilised would be converted to eateries to be operated by roadside food vendors who would be displaced as a result of the new order. She stated that the people of the state were being sensitised through radio gingles, town criers, open van announcement, etc,even as she advised residents to make use of the  Private Support Participants (PSP) arrangements to dispose their wastes. Build peaceful relationship among different tribes, faiths in Nigeria- NASFAT Chief Missioner According to the Commissioner for Environment, Mr Chris Onogba, who is also a r member  of the task  force, part of the new order is to pull down all shanties in strategic locations. He advised residents in the state to be reasonable and comply with government’s directive to make the towns cleaner. Also speaking, the chairman of the state Waste Management Board, Mr Emma Chinye, disclosed that a truck pusher, who littered the streets of Asaba with refuse had been sent to prison while the woman that contracted him was fined N35,000 by  a magistrate court. The Commissioner for Information, Mr Charles Aniagwu, urged  residents to clean their immediate environments and surroundings to make the work of the task force easier. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!