President Muhammadu Buhari, in his October 1, 2029, Independence Day speech, spoke on different issues of national interest ranging from his government’s release of N600 billion to finance capital projects; to the explanation he gave on the movement of Niger Delta Development Corporation (NDDC) to the Niger Delta Ministry from the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, and his government’s fight against cyber-crimes and hate speech, likewise an assurance given on food security, fertilizer, rice and animal feed production,  among others. Presented below are four notable highlights from President Buhari’s speech: On the release of N600bn for capital projects President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning to release N600 billion for Capital Expenditure in the next three months. The President gave the directive in his nationwide broadcast to mark Nigeria’s 59th Independence Anniversary on Tuesday in Abuja. He stated that the directive was informed by his administration’s desire to significantly increase investments in the national critical infrastructure. According to him, the implementation of the 2019 Capital Budget, which was only approved in June 2019, will be accelerated to ensure that critical priority projects are completed or substantially addressed. He revealed that the Federal Government had so far released N1.74trillion for the execution of various capital projects in the 2018 fiscal year. “In this regard, we are significantly increasing investments in critical infrastructure. Last year, capital releases only commenced with the approval of the Budget in June 2018. “However, as at 20th June this year, up to N1.74 trillion had been released for capital projects in the 2018 fiscal year,’’ he said. ALSO READ: #NigeriaAt59: President Buhari’s Independence Day speech [Full text] The president noted that the exchange rate in the last three years had remained stable, with robust reserves of 42.5 billion dollars, up from 23 billion dollars in Oct. 2016. He added that to maximise impact, the federal government would continue to increasingly welcome and encourage private capital for infrastructure development through Public-Private Partnerships. “Through the Road Infrastructure Tax Credit Scheme, which I initiated in January this year, we are giving incentives to private sector inflow of over N205 billion in 19 Nigerian roads and bridges of 794.4km across in 11 States of the Federation. “As we push to diversify the economy, we still remain focused on optimising the revenues generated from the oil and gas sector. “We will, working with the Legislature, soon pass the Petroleum Industry Bill and amendments to the Deep Offshore Act and Inland Basin Production Sharing Contracts Act into law, to ensure Government obtains a fair share of oil revenues, whilst encouraging private sector investment,’’ he said. Buhari maintained that his administration would also continue the fight against illegal bunkering of crude oil and the smuggling of refined petroleum products across the borders. He said this would include the diligent prosecution and conviction of offenders found guilty of these acts. “Whilst Nigeria remains committed to free and fair continental and international trade, we will not hesitate to take all necessary steps to tackle illegal smuggling, transhipment and other predatory trade practices that destroy jobs in our country,’’ the president added. On power for speedy socio-economic transformation On power, Buhari reiterated his administration’s determination to reform the power sector to ensure speedy socio-economic transformation across the country. “We are resolute in reforming the power sector. In August this year, we launched the Presidential Power Initiative to modernize the National Grid in 3 phases: starting from 5 Gigawatts to 7 Gigawatts, then to 11 Gigawatts by 2023, and finally 25 Gigawatts afterwards. “This programme, in partnership with the German Government and Siemens, will provide end-to-end electrification solutions that will resolve our transmission and distribution challenges,’’ he disclosed. According to him, the programme will also localise the development and assembly of smart meters as well as the operations and maintenance capabilities of transmission and distribution infrastructure. He expressed delight with the improved inter-agency collaboration between the Ministry of Power and the regulators in the banking and power sectors to ensure that electricity sales, billings and collections were automated and become cashless. “These initiatives are important to ensure that the technical and collection losses in the sector are substantially reduced. “I remain confident that Nigerians will have affordable and uninterrupted electricity supply in the not too distant future. “Our efforts to improve the power sector will complement other infrastructure investments projects under the Presidential Infrastructure Development Fund,’’ he said. He acknowledged that the fund was investing in the Mambilla Power Plant project, as well as key economic road infrastructures such as the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway, Second Niger Bridge and Abuja-Kano Expressway. The President expressed optimism that the first set of these projects remain on track to be completed by 2022. Movement of NDDC from Office of SGF to Niger Delta Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari says the recent redeployment of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) to the Ministry of Niger Delta Affairs is meant to enhance the quality of life of people of the region. The NDDC prior to the redeployment was being supervised by the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation. The president stated this in a nationwide broadcast to mark the nation’s 59th Independence Anniversary, in Abuja on Tuesday, He emphasized that the decision underscored his administration’s commitment to improving the living standards of the people in the Niger Delta, through coordinated and appropriate programmes “The recent redeployment of the Niger Delta Development Commission from the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, to the Ministry of Niger Delta Affairs underscores our commitment to enhancing the living standards of our communities in the Niger Delta, through coordinated and appropriate programmes,’’ he said. According to the president, his administration remains equally resolute in its efforts to combat militant attacks on the nation oil and gas facilities in the Niger Delta and accelerate the Ogoni Clean-up to address long-standing environmental challenges in that region. On Police and recruitment of 10,000 constables #NigeriaAt59: Nigerians must be optimistic for greater… #NigeriaAt59: Don’t be despaired, Lawan tells… Wamakko calls for support with Buhari in moving to next… #NigeriaAt59: Amnesty Nigeria makes eight-point call on FG The president also said that the Ministry of Police Affairs had been resuscitated to oversee the development and implementation of strategies to enhance internal security. “My recent assent to the Nigerian Police Trust Fund (Establishment) Act has created a legal framework to support our Police with increased financial resources to enhance their law enforcement capabilities. “These initiatives are being complemented by the ongoing recruitment of 10,000 constables into the Nigeria Police Force. “This clearly demonstrates our commitment to arrest the incidence of armed robbery, kidnapping and other violent crimes across our nation,’’ he added. Fight against cyber-crimes, abuse of technology, hate speech President Muhammadu Buhari says his administration’s attention is increasingly being focused on cyber-crimes and the abuse of technology through hate speech and other divisive material being propagated on social media. The Nigerian leader made this known when he addressed the nation via a broadcast to mark Nigeria’s 59th Independence Anniversary in Abuja on Tuesday. The president enjoined all citizens to always exercise restraint, tolerance and mutual respect in airing their grievances and frustrations. On Constitutional rights and freedom of expression “Whilst we uphold the Constitutional rights of our people to freedom of expression and association, where the purported exercise of these rights infringes on the rights of other citizens or threatens to undermine our National Security, we will take firm and decisive action. “In this regard, I reiterate my call for all to exercise restraint, tolerance and mutual respect in airing their grievances and frustrations. “Whilst the ongoing national discourse on various political and religious issues is healthy and welcome, we must not forget the lessons of our past – lessons that are most relevant on a day such as this. According to him, the path of hatred and distrust only leads to hostility and destruction. He believed that the vast majority of Nigerians would rather tread the path of peace and prosperity, “as we continue to uphold and cherish our unity.’’ On security, fight against Boko Haram On security, Buhari said that good governance and economic development could not be sustained without an enabling environment of peace and security. “In the last four years, we have combatted the terrorist scourge of Boko Haram. “We owe a debt of gratitude to our gallant men and women in arms, through whose efforts we have been able to achieve the present results. “We are also grateful to our neighbours and allies – within the region and across the world – who have supported us on this front.” He reassured that the capacity of the armed forces to defend the Nation’s territorial integrity would continue to be enhanced by the acquisition of military hardware as well as continued improvements in the working conditions of the security personnel. On the 59th Independence Anniversary, Buhari stated that 1st October each year is an opportunity for citizens to reflect and thank God for his endless blessings on Nigeria. He said: “It is also a time for us, collectively, to remember the sacrifices made by our Founders and great leaders past; by soldiers, by distinguished public servants; by traditional leaders, by our workers; sacrifices on which Nigeria has been built over the 59 years since Independence in 1960. “Rededicate ourselves to attaining the goals which we have set for ourselves: a united, prosperous and purposeful nation in the face of 21st-century opportunities and challenges.’’ The president noted with delight that in the past four years, the majority of Nigerians had committed to “Change for the Better”. “Indeed, this Administration was re-elected by Nigerians on a mandate to deliver positive and enduring Change – through maintaining our National Security; restoring sustainable and Inclusive Economic Growth and Development; and fighting Corruption against all internal and external threats. “This Change can only be delivered if we are united in purpose, as individuals and as a nation.’’ He, therefore, urged all Nigerians to remain committed to “achieving this positive and enduring change. “As I stated four years ago, “Change does not just happen… We must change our lawless habits, our attitude to public office and public trust… simply put, to bring about change, we must change ourselves by being law-abiding citizens.” Assurance on food security; fertilizer, rice, animal feed production President Muhammadu Buhari says his administration has made remarkable progress in the agriculture value chain, from fertilizers to rice, to animal feed production towards the Nation’s food security. The president warned that the country must not “go back to the days of importing food and thereby exporting jobs’’. He pledged that his administration would sustain its agricultural policies aimed at making the country self-sufficient in food production through massive investments in agriculture as well as the use of modern agricultural inputs and implements. “We shall sustain these policies to ensure additional investments are channelled, thereby creating more jobs in the sector. “We must not go back to the days of importing food and thereby exporting jobs,’’ he added. On macroeconomic stability and economic diversification Buhari observed that his administration’s commitment to achieving macroeconomic stability and economic diversification had been underscored by the merger of the Ministry of Finance with the Ministry of Budget and National Planning. “This combined Ministry has the important mandate to enhance the management of domestic and global fiscal risks; coordinate policies with the trade and monetary authorities; raise and deploy revenues to fund budgeted expenditure, and integrate annual budgets and medium-term fiscal strategies,’’ he said. The President, who reiterated his call for unity across the diverse socio-ethnic groups in the country, expressed the hope that Nigeria would emerge from its “present challenges stronger and more resilient than ever’’. He said: “Nigeria will emerge from our present challenges stronger and more resilient than ever – but only if all of us join hands to entrench Good Governance, foster Inclusive Economic Development, and defend and protect our Nation from all those who would wish us ill.’’  How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research,Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More!!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.