The Court of Appeal in Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital has upheld the election of Senator representing Ekiti North senatorial district, Olubunmi Adetumbi. The three-man Appeal Court dismissed the case filed by Senator Duro Faseyi of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), claiming that the APC candidate didn’t score the highest number of lawful votes in the election. The court also struck out the suit filed by Hon. Kehinde Agboola of the PDP against the APC candidate, Hon. Peter Owolabi in Ekiti North Federal constituency 1, thereby affirming the APC’s candidate’s victory in the February 23 National Assembly polls. The suit filed by Mr. Nicholas Olusola Omotoso of the PDP against the winner and APC candidate, Hon. Ibrahim Olanrewaju, in Ekiti North Federal Constituency II was also dismissed. Delivering his judgement in the case filed against Senator Adetumbi, Justice Hamma Akawu-Barka held that the PDP candidate could not contest the primary of the APC, saying only those who participated in the primary can contest the outcome of the party primary. The judge said, “by combined effects of Section 87 (9) of the Electoral act and Section 285 (14) of the 1999 constitution, only aggrieved aspirants who participated in a primary can contest its outcome. Not just anybody. With this, the appellant lacks the locus standi to have filed this appeal in the first instance. Anambra South: Uba’s dynasty shattered, says Amachree,… Gov Bello in Kabba, assures Kogites of more development… Arik airline capable of national carrier status ― AMCON MD 2023: I’m vindicated on South-West Presidency, says… “Even if he has the locus, it has to be filed within 14 days after the conduct of the primary, so filing it outside that stipulated days rendered it statute-barred. ALSO READ: NSE market indices dip 0.53%, amid profit-taking on blue chips “Apart from this, it is only the State High court, Federal High Court and the Federal Capital Territory High Court that can entertain such issue that emanated from the conduct of any primary, so we lack the jurisdiction to entertain this case. “Looking at all the exhibits tendered, there was no sufficient evidence to prove a case of substantial non -compliance against the respondent, so this case lacks merit and it is hereby dismissed,” the appeal Court Justice said. On the appeal filed by Nicholas Omotoso of the PDP against Hon. Ibrahim Olanrewaju, who is representing Ekiti North Federal Constituency II, Justice Uzo Ndukwe Anyanwu, said exhibit 3(1) being the report of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on the APC primary relied on to prosecute the suit , was supposed to be tendered by INEC official and not through the bar. “We expected the appellant to call the maker of the document so that he can be cross-examined but rather, he dumped it on the court and this makes it lacks probative value and the case lacks merit based on this ground having not called the maker. The document was rendered useless by this action.” Justice Alfred Oluwayemisi Williams-Daudu adopted the foregoing position in the appeal filed by Hon Kehinde Agboola of the PDP against the victory of Hon. Peter Owolabi of the APC in Ekiti North Federal constituency I. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!