The immediate past Chief Medical Director, University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan, Oyo State,  Professor Temitope Alonge, has said the non-realisation of university autonomy is the major impediment against institutions in the country. Alonge, a Professor of Orthopedic and Trauma Surgery, said  making the universities to be apron strings of politicians stifled them of funds and created opportunities for policy somersault, which he said were not good for the development of university education. The university teacher added that the incessant cases of sexual harassment, leading to allotment of marks to underserved undergraduates had also been a malaise causing serious degrading to Nigerian universities. Alonge spoke on Saturday at the Afe Babalola University, Ado Ekiti (ABUAD),  while delivering a lecture entitled: “The Pearl in the Pack,”  to mark the 10th Founder›s Day and seventh convocation  ceremonies of the university. He noted that deviation from the British directive that Nigerian universities must be autonomous institutions and free from encumbrances of the government in power and universities unions had crippled the gains the country could have made from that sector. Lion escapes from Kano Zoological garden 2023: Why Igbo man must be president —Nwodo Again 22 females, 125 males rescued in Kaduna Gowon advocates focus on industrialisation to drive export “Since our universities are greatly politicised by government and unions, why then are we perturbed by the abysmal performances and challenges facing many federal and state-owned universities today? “The Federal Government, no doubt, is carrying a lot of baggage which can be off-loaded to a private sector driven enterprise and why not?” he asked. ALSO READ: Nigeria’s break up inevitable unless…, Prof Akintoye declares He advised that researches in the Nigerian varsities be tailored towards promoting industrial development to create symbiotic relationship between the industry and the academic environment. “To destroy any country does not require a nuclear bomb, it requires only the destruction of the country›s education system,” he warned. Speaking,  ABUAD’S founder, Chief Afe Babalola said any university must be free to carry out research, look for funding, set criteria for admission rather than being tied to the apron of the governments. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....