A group of youths under the aegis of Yoruba Council of Youths Worldwide (YCYW), an apex youth umbrella organisation in the South-West, has thrown its weight behind vice president Yemi Osinbajo over his call on the need for self-regulation in the individual use of social media, describing the move as crucial in promoting mutual peace and dousing any tension in the country. According to the group, the call made by Osinbajo for self-regulation in the individual use of social media, while downplaying any attempt of government regulation during an inter-faith leaders conference at the Shehu Musa Yar’ Adua Centre in Abuja recently was good move to sustain peace in the country. YCYW gave the backing on Sunday in a statement signed by its president, Aremo Oladotun Hassan, just as it specifically commended President Muhammadu Buhari and Professor Osinbajo-led administration for its commitment at improving the welfare of Nigerians and tackling national challenges. “Indeed, as individuals and citizens of this great nation, it is our responsibility as good citizens to use social media positively and not allow it to become an instrument to promote conflict or heat up the polity. Thus, we must regulate ourselves on social media, even without government regulation. “The vice president also harped on the importance of national unity and brotherhood among all Nigerians. We see this move as most important to promoting mutual peace and dousing any tension as a result of some individuals trying to stoke the embers of bigotry, religious differences and ethnic sentiments via vituperations on social media. ALSO READ: Presidential election: Supreme Court to hear Atiku, PDP’s appeal Wednesday “Again, this calls for all Nigerians to guard against the excesses of fake news and lies promoted on social media platforms that are capable of triggering civil disorder and unnecessary crises,” YCYW. It commended Osinbajo for his patriotism, competence, and doggedness in the face of targeted political onslaughts against his much-regarded reputation, saying it was encouraged that the president continues to demonstrate his commitment to the lofty partnership Nigerians had always known both himself and the VP for. “We are encouraged that the president continues to demonstrate his commitment to the lofty partnership Nigerians have always known both himself and the VP for. Indeed, Buhari/Osinbajo has earned our vote of confidence and this has cemented our belief that under their leadership, Nigeria shall rise again as the giant of Africa indeed,” the group said. It expressed confidence in the administration to tackle security and other challenges, saying the successful meeting President Buhari held with his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, was a clear indication of the federal government’s commitment to improving the welfare of its citizens through enhanced security and the economy. YCYW added that despite the unfortunate incidents of kidnapping and banditry in some parts of the country, it was confident that the efforts of the administration in the fight against insurgency in the North East, armed banditry, kidnapping and other sundry crimes in other parts of the country would soon yield positive results. “Despite the unfortunate incidents of kidnapping and banditry in some parts of the country, we are confident that the efforts of the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari/ Prof. Yemi Osinbajo to resolve these challenges would yield positive rewards in no distant time. “This is already evident in the successful meeting President Buhari held with his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, which is aimed at building a stronger bilateral relationship between both nations, for a mutually beneficial economic and security ties,” the group said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING