The Evangelical Church Winning All (ECWA) has advised pastors to uphold their integrity in the service of God in order to restore the glory and sanctity of the church. In a communique issued at the end of its five-day South-West zonal pastors conference, ECWA said that lack of integrity in the life of some pastors was a major problem affecting the church and the society. The communique, jointly signed by Reverend Abel Asubiaro and Reverend Samuel Irokogbemi, noted that holy living, authoritative preaching and teaching of God’s word would curb the vice. It expressed displeasure and condemned in totality sexual immorality among pastors, thus enjoining them to live above board spiritually and morally. According to ECWA, the training of pastors is also crucial and should be holistic to assist them meet sociopolitical, economic, philosophical and psychological needs in a dynamic world. Border closure is illegal: We should stop behaving like international gansters —Junaid Mohammaed Cleric tasks Christians on love and services to humanity Living Christ Church holds AMICAN 2019, says ‘Nigeria in… Why we honoured 102 senior citizens —CAC ‘Self examination proffered for Christians’ The communique acknowledged with concern the high demand of pastoral work and its implications on the health of pastors. “The ministers of God are implored to take their health seriously. Adequate rest, annual leave, and regular medical check-up to know their health status from time to time should be done,” it said. Besides, it expressed concerns over the spate of heinous crime, violence, killings and insecurity in the country. “Kidnapping has become a lucrative business in Nigeria, and the rescue of the victims resulting in huge sums of money being paid as ransom to the kidnappers. “Further puts untold hardship on victims and their families, thereby exacerbating their poor financial condition. “Therefore, we urge the Federal Government and all security agencies to take urgent and definite steps to tackle the issue,” it said.  Nigerian Tribune    SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!