In its bid to mark the 90th anniversary of Government College Ibadan Old Boys Association (GCIOBA), the Alma Mata has concluded plans to reintroduce the boarding school system of education back with the renovation and commissioning of two halls -Powell and Carr, worth N300million in the school premises. This was disclosed by the National President of GCIOBA, Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN, while addressing a press conference to kick start one-week celebration, held at its national Secretariat-GCIOBA house, Apata, Ibadan. The renovated 300 capacity halls; Powell and Carr, with modern facilities, according to the Old Boys are expected to house 600 students as renovation work has reached completion level. The anniversary is scheduled to hold between 12-19, October 2019. Babalakin, who was represented by the Chairman, Ibadan branch of GCIOBA, Engineer Femi Babalola, disclosed that the College known for its establishment to set a standard for education in Nigeria is set to lead in that capacity again. Babalola, who was flanked by the national social secretary; Yinka Adepoju, secretary Ibadan branch; Niyi Adeoti, assets management officer; Leye Falore and the current school principal, Tunde Odekunle, and other members conducted journalists around the school to have a glimpse of projects embarked upon by the Old Boys. NGO purchases NABTEB forms for 32 inmates 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools World Teachers’ Day: Provost blames teachers’ truancy on… ‘Interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary approach key in… He stated that “the GCIOBA executive members had taken it upon itself to improve on the level of intervention of infrastructure development in the school. ALSO READ:  BAN purchase NABTEB forms for 32 inmates “The college was set up on principle of boarding system of school and on a tripod stand; academics, sports and character. “The GCIOBA over the years from its inception in 1930s has been playing a significant role in helping to sustain and maintain impeccable standards. The association is giving back to the school what the school gave to its members. “At its 90th milestone, the face and ambience are witnessing unprecedented welcome changes. GCI is alive and kicking and GCIOBa’s ably piloted by past executives particularly the current one are taking the bull by the horn. The tempo of restoration is at high pitch. All hands are on deck. The GCI of our collective dream is becoming the GCI of our reality and it is not unrelated to our spartan discipline in the various houses in the formative years.” Babalola listed some of the projects as school main field, fencing of the school, cricket gavel, health and wellness centre, asphalt laying of the road network within the school premises, rehabilitation of gatehouse, among others. Some of the activities lined up for the 90th anniversary slated include public lecture, novelty cricket match, an Annual General meeting, drama presentation, presentation of awards, commissioning of projects among others. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!