A Federal High Court in Abeokuta, on Thursday, sentenced three cyber fraudsters to imprisonment. The duo of Opeyemi Ademosun and Gbolahan Dalamu were convicted by Justice Ibrahim Watilat for criminal impersonation and sentenced them to one-year imprisonment each. While his colleague in the same Division, Justice Mohammed Abubakar sentenced Idris Sokola, to four months imprisonment. They were found guilty of the respective one-count offences filed against them by the Ibadan zonal office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission. The charges were products of plea bargain arrangement entered into with the EFCC. 21 inmate regained  freedom in Ondo Arrest my son’s killers, mother cries out to Lagos police… Ondo Police arrests suspected killer of Catholic Priest 6-yr-old boy dies inside well in Kano The charge against Ademosun reads: “That you Ademosun Opeyemi sometimes in November 2018 at Awa Ijebu within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court fraudulently impersonated by representing yourself to be Agent Matt. David a United States of American citizen through your email address: agentmattdavid@gmail.com and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 22(3)(b) and punishable under Section 22(4) of the Cybercrimes (Prohibition, Prevention etc) Act, 2015.” After the accused persons’ guilty plea, EFCC counsel, Oyediran Oyelakin, prayed the court to sentence them according to the terms of the plea bargain agreement. Apart from the one-year sentencing, the judge ordered Dalamu to restitute $600 USD (Six hundred United States of America Dollars) through the Federal government of Nigeria to his victim. The accused person is also told to forfeit Apple iPhone 7 to the Federal government of Nigeria, while Ademosun was ordered to restitute $500 USD (Five Hundred United States of America Dollars) to his victim and forfeit his Toyota Camry 2008 model, Apple Macbook Pro Laptop, iPhone X, Head Pod, Apple wristwatch, two wristwatches and Nokia phone to the Federal Government. Justice Abubakar in his judgement ordered Idris to forfeit his Samsung J3 Prime phone to the government. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!