The Christ Mount Zion Bethel Healing Ministry, Aseese, Maba, Ogun State as part of its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) as donated uniform, bags and other stationery materials to Community Basic School Olosan Alakia Ibadan. The Church, led by Prophetess Mary Omolara Alarape #PMOA, on Thursday distributed the materials to the pupils of the school, saying the church is doing it as part of its social responsibility to the people of the community. CLICK HERE FOR THE VIDEO According to Prophetess Alarape, the distribution of school materials to pupils is a yearly gesture, which the church usually indulge in to give to the needy, particularly the public school students who can’t afford the basic school materials. The Bible supports female prophets —Prophetess Alarape » Tribune Church » Tribune Online Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole “For the past ten years, we have been coming here to distribute basic stationeries to the pupils and as well pay the school fees of the students that can’t afford. ” We have realised that the government cannot provide everything to the pupils and that’s why we always come here to contribute our own quota to the development of these children, who are the leaders of tomorrow,” she said. End time is near —Prophetess Alarape » Tribune Church » Tribune Online
While admonishing the students, Prophetess Alarapa charged the students to always face their studies, in order for them to become greater in life. ” I appeal to you all today to be persevered and ensure you face your studies in order to become greater persons in life,” she said.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....