A security expert, Ambassador Amos Olaniyan has advocated increased security measures for Nigerian judges in order to have an effective judiciary that will serve its purpose as the last hope of the common man which will serve the cause of justice unhindered, asking politicians to stop playing politics with the issue of security. Olaniyan, the founder of Crime Alert Networks who made the call while reacting to cases of the kidnap of judges using the Ondo state and Edo State as an example, described the development as an embarrassment and called for adequate security measures that will give them rest of mind while discharging their duty. He stated that if judges could be kidnapped at will by kidnappers and the life of police officers attached to them wasted without fear, the nation itself is moving into an abyss. ALSO READ: Bauchi takes measures to address budget improvement challenges Nasarawa gov directs school principals to stop charging fees Ganduje wants death penalty for kidnappers in Kano State #CashAndcarryPrison: Aregbesola lauds Fisayo Soyombo,… Borno re-introduces monthly sanitation after 26 years “If the incidence of the kidnap of judges continues unchecked, the judiciary will lose its integrity as the common man will further lose hope in the protective powers of the judicial system as judges might be afraid of the consequence of their ruling on their personal life. It is saddening that Nigerians are living in fear, despite the fact that they face myriad economic challenges daily; the recent development in which judges are being kidnapped is a clear picture that nobody is safe in the country,” he said. He added that judges like any other Nigerian deserve adequate security and protection as well as an atmosphere devoid of fear or intimidation which will serve as the foundation on which a developed society can be created. He urged politicians to stop playing politics with national security, adding that it is high time government partners with able private organizations and individuals that can help the situation. “If the government should continue using security matter as a political settlement, we may not overcome the challenge, but when people are consulted and allowed to contribute their expertise, this menace will become a thing of past,” he said. He further advised South-West governors not to ignore the contribution of local security agents in Yoruba land to the fight against all forms of insecurity. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!