The Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti state have disagreed over the achievements Dr Kayode Fayemi since he assumed as governor of the state a year ago. While the opposition party said there were no visible achievements for the administration to celebrate after twelve months in the saddle, the ruling party said the state has witnessed social-economic development under the ruling APC. In a statement by the PDP’s Publicity Secretary, Mr Jackson Adebayo berated Governor Fayemi for dragging Ekiti State back from the Development trends he met on ground when he assumed office on October 16, 2018. The Party stressed that with all the seriousness that the immediate past government of PDP put into accelerated development of infrastructure in the State, ‘there is enough opportunity for Governor Fayemi to build upon, rather he has chosen to pull the gear of progress to reverse mode. ‘ FG achieves 96.4 per cent success in aviation security ―… Fayemi berates directive asking states not to fix federal… Bayelsa guber: Sylva, three former speakers to lead… NNPC GMD risks jail term, N500m fine as senate passes… ” What Fayemi has mainly achieved in his one year in office is grand deception and departure from campaign promises among which is his promise to pay the backlog of salaries and arrears of Ekiti workers; PDP stated,” he said. ALSO READ: Fayemi and the 2023 presidency debate The publicity secretary of the APC, Hon. Ade Ajayi said Governor Fayemi would not be distracted by the opposition party, noting that the government is deeply concerned in given dividends of democracy to the people. According to him, “We are greatly appalled at the desperation of the PDP to spread all manners of lies and falsehood against our government. “When Governor Fayemi came on board virtually all sectors of the state was in deplorable condition but now the health sector has been reinvigorated, education is taking its pride of place, infrastructures and basic amenities are taking good shape, the economy is improving markedly and the state is enjoying a peaceful ambience devoid of political upheaval.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!