At a roundtable session on Nigerian ports organised by the Maritime Anti-Corruption Network (MACN) in Abuja recently, the Federal Government reiterated its readiness to increase the awareness applicability of the Port Service Support Portal (PSSP). The Federal Government stated this through the Nigerian Shippers Council (NSC) which was one of the key participants at the roundtable that attracted stakeholders from the maritime industry and beyond. Underscoring the usefulness of the PSSP as effective resolution mechanism, the Deputy Director, Complaints Unit of NSC, Mr. Moses Fadipe, acknowledged that the portal had been running since it was declared opened by the vice president, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, on June 23, 2016. He revealed that no fewer than 400 different infractions at the ports had been resolved since the PSSP was unveiled. Appeal Court upholds victories of Ekiti senator, two other lawmakers Northern states, businessmen not patronising Kaduna dry port… ANLCA condemns call for pre-shipment inspection regime Amaechi, others to grace CRFFN workshop Nigerian shippers to pay more as IMO sulphur regulation… According to Mr Fadipe, “The PSSP is an online-real-time-complaints-resolution platform for all players at the ports. It is a one-stop-shop for all complaints in the industry. The data generated from the portal can be used by the government for policy formulation and feedback mechanism for activities and operations at the ports.” The NSC deputy director acknowledged that the portal is working efficiently, stressing: “If you log in with any infraction, it will be noted and a feedback will be generated immediately.” The chairman of LCCI, Mr Babatunde Ruwase, however, expressed surprise at the existence of the grievance resolution software even as he expressed doubt on the re-course to grievance resolution website for stakeholders at the ports due to the fact that in most cases people have not been treated fairly or have not gotten the desired attention at the ports because they were not aware of the existence of the portal. The LCCI chairman enjoined the NSC, NPA, NIMASA, NCS and other Federal Government agencies to do more work because people will be very happy to know that you can lodge complaints through a portal and resolution provided within hours. The conflict resolution website, in the words of Mr Soji Apampa, CEO of the Integrity Organisation Limited which is one of the non-governmental organisations (NGOs) that joined hands to put the round table session together, is a resolution mechanism built by the Federal Government in 2016 to resolve grievances, conflicts and infractions of both the private and public players at the sea port. For  BREAKING NEWS, follow Nigerian Tribune on Twitter SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!