The Executive Secretary of Nigerian Investment Promotion Commission (NIPC),  Yewande Sadiku has disclosed that Nigeria recorded investment announcement inflow of over $3.9 billion in the third quarter of 2019. Speaking to the media at the weekend in Abuja, Sadiku released the Commission‘s report on Investment Announcements in r Q3 which shows that during the period (between July and September), the federal government received investment announcements to the tune of $3.29 billion. According to the Executive Secretay: “in furtherance, to its mandate, Nigerian Investment Promotion Commission (NIPC) represents the report on investment announcement for the Q3 of 2019. In the period, US$9.29 of announcement were tracked through the NIPC Intelligence Newsletters, which are issued 6 days a week. “The report showed that a total of 13 projects across 4 states and offshore were announced by investors in 4 countries. The major announcements were made by  Aiteo Eastern Exploration and Production Company which plans to invest $5 billion in crude exploration; Sterling Oil Exploration and Energy Production Company (SEEPCO) in a joint venture project of $3.15 billion with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) for the development of Oil Mining Lease (OML)13. Sex for grade: TUC seeks death penalty for abuse of young… Stop political agitations on Delta 2023, PDP chieftain… Nigeria not a failed state ― Don Operation Kpochapu two will consolidate Anambra security ―… ALSO READ: Stop political agitations on Delta 2023, PDP chieftain admonishes Deltans “CMES-OMS Petroleum Development Company (CDPC)  also in a joint venture project with NNPC to the tune of $875.75 million for the funding , provision of technical services and alternative financing for the development of OML 65 while Datasonic Group Berhard, a Malaysian Group is investing in the information and communication infrastructure to the tune of $100 million”. Sadiku noted that: “mining and quarry sector accounted for 98% while information, health & social services, manufacturing and agriculture collectively accounted for the balance of 2%. The major destination was the Niger-Delta with 87% while Lagos, Kaduna, Anambra and Ogun states accounted for less than 1%, the other destinations were not made public by the investors”. On Pioneer Status Inventive, NIPC report shows that: “19 new application was received in Q3, one application was granted approval in principle; the company, in Tourism sector had a total investment of 3.03 billion while its staff strength was 65. Two applications were granted direct Presidential approval for the extension for 2 years; the 2 applications had a total investment of N185. 63 billion, while its staff strength was 3085.” The report shows further that: “during the reporting period, 11 companies were granted Pioneer Status Inventive with confirmed production dates and 1 application was declined. 41 companies still enjoying the Pioneer Status Incentive, 41abandoned applications and 113 applications pending,” states the report released by NIPC. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!