As the world commemorates the 2019 International Day of the Girl Child today, Chairman, Senate Committee on Integration and Cooperation in Africa/NEPAD, Senator Chimaroke Nnamani, has advocated for legislation to eliminate all forms of discrimination against women and the girl child. Nnamani, the former Enugu state governor in a statement he personally signed also canvassed for the elimination of negative cultural practices against girls in line with the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action of 1994 adopted by the Fourth World Conference on Women with representatives from 200 countries, including Nigeria. On the theme for this year’s celebration, “Girl-Force: Unscripted and unstoppable”, Nnamani said that Nigeria needed to do more to advance the rights of women and girls and promote gender equality. ALSO READ: FG, northern govs urged to establish almajiri education agencies Lagos Assembly throws out alleged $200,000 bribery petition… Ex-President Jonathan keeps mum after meeting Buhari at Aso… Outrage in Delta over sale of adulterated petrol in Warri… Apple pulls Hong Kong app used by protesters after China… In his own way of associating with the girl child, Senator Nnamani revealed his intention to pay the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) fees for all female students taking the exams in 2020 in public schools in his Enugu East Senatorial District. Nnamani said that specific actions needed to be taken to end violence against women and girls, in health, education, skills development and training as well as economic exploitation of child labour and protect young girls at work. He bemoaned the incessant sexual harassment against girls especially in the tertiary institutions saying that all forms of violation against women must be condemned. The former governor of Enugu State also called for the promotion of women and girls involved in the politics and governance of the country and the implementation of the 35% affirmative action for women in political appointments. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!