Disturbed by the increasing mortality rate in the country, the wife of Enugu State Governor, Mrs Monica Ugwuanyi, has advised parents and guardians to cultivate the culture of healthy living and proper hygiene in their families to reduce the risk of exposing their children and loved ones to communicable diseases. Mrs. Ugwuanyi gave the advice during the event marking this year’s Global Hand Washing Day in Enugu organized by her pet project, Ugo’s Touch of Life Foundation at Amechi Primary School, Awkunanaw, Enugu South Local Government Area. Speaking further, the governor’s wife emphasized the importance of proper handwashing especially among children, stressing that such a measure will go a long way to enhance their health status. She added that the theme of the event, “Clean Hands for All” was carefully chosen by her foundation to sensitize school children on proper hygiene and handwashing practices. Mrs Ugwuanyi, therefore, urged them to always endeavour to wash their hands with soap before and after eating, after easing themselves, before cooking or touching cooking utensils as she also advised them never to clean their hands with a towel after washing. Poor funding of Auditor-General’s office instigates… Reps fault non-assent to electoral act amendment N2.28trillion deficit: BPE advocates privatisation of FG… Mother, child burnt to death, as petrol tanker explodes in… ALSO READ: A woman should choose a job that will allow her to make impact on the children —Dr Titilayo Sangoyomi The Enugu governor’s wife also harped on the need for enabling the environment for children irrespective of their gender disparity, saying: “Time has gone when a girl child was discriminated against in academic pursuit. We are in the 21st century. Every child irrespective of gender is entitled to education”. According to her, “girls should strive to study science courses such as engineering, medicine, mathematics, computer science, among others. This is the era we call STEM, which means, Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics. Girls should strive to study medicine and shun the previous phobia entrenched in these courses”. In his address, the President-General of Amechi, Awkuwanaw and former Commissioner for Environment, Honourable John Egbo, lauded Mrs Ugwuanyi for her commitment to the wellbeing of the people of the state especially women, children and vulnerable groups. Honourable Egbo equally applauded Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for the development projects his administration has executed in the area, such as the ongoing construction of Amechi and Amechi Uno bridge, noting that the gesture will go a long way to enhance their living standard. He went further to commend the governor for the effective measures being put in place by his administration to strengthen the security of the state and protect lives and property. “We are happy to welcome Her Excellency to Amechi for this handwashing day event. Your Excellency, God will continue to bless you and your husband. His Excellency has done a lot for us. Our security guards are working; our neighbourhood watch members are working; our place is secured and the police are also patrolling. Work is ongoing at the bridge linking us with Amechi Uno. Gov. Ugwuanyi has truly done much for us”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!