A coat of arms is a special symbol used to represent a specific individual, family or an entity such as a nation, among others. The presentation of these symbols differs from one nation to the other around the world. From time immemorial, a coat of arms consists of a number of individual images, including a motto, crest, shield, helmet and two attendant figures. The creation and use of coats of arms are dictated by a system known as heraldry, which researchers believe dates back to the Middle Ages, during the 11th century. However, earlier examples of the use of coat of arms have been recorded, namely in ancient Greek and Roman societies. Revenue generating agencies don’t remit most revenues ― Senate President The use of coats of arms is often associated with European countries, although Asian, African, and North American countries have also embraced the practice. In England, the use of coat of arms is regulated by the College of Arms. This process involves assigning a new coat of arms to a particular person or family. In Nigeria, the Coat of Arms consists of a black shield with a wavy white pall, symbolizing the meeting of the Niger and Benue Rivers at Lokoja. The black shield represents Nigeria’s fertile soil, while the two supporting horses or chargers on each side represent dignity. The eagle represents strength, while the green and white bands on the top of the shield represent the rich soil. The red flowers at the base are costus spectabilis, Nigeria’s national flower. This flower was chosen for inclusion in the coat of arms as it is found all over the country and also stands for the beauty of the nation. On the banderole around the base is Nigeria’s national motto since 1978: “Unity and Faith, Peace and Progress” which was formerly “Peace, Unity, Freedom.” Does Nigeria have more poor people than India, China? Menace of sexual harassment: Beyond wails and penalties Separate education from partisan politics Of governors and projects In recent times, the placement of the Nigerian President and the Coat of Arms during national broadcasts has been somewhat awkward. The Coatof Arms is displayed on a long frame while the president is portrayed as a dwarf, and therefore discerning minds will notice attempts by the camera man to try from time to time to correct the balance but to no avail. Consequently, this unfortunate development largely makes the President to look like a dwarf on television sets, whereas in reality he is a very tall personality. The problem can largely be situated in his media team. What they need to do is to collaborate and come up with a new Coat of Arms with a shorter frame that will just be a little bit above the president when he is sitting and making national broadcast in a way that will portray him and the Coat of Arms to the general public in the right way. We, therefore, urge his media team to take deep interest in the public presentation of the president to the general public and the international community from a balanced perspective when the need arises because the president is the soul of the nation or country and the Coat of Arms represents the collective symbol of identity of its people.  Friday Atufe fridatu@yahoo.co.uk Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!