Barely 24 hours after he lost at the Election Petition Tribunal, immediate former Governor of Bauchi State, Mohammed Abdullahi Abubakar has declared his intention to appeal against the judgement. Speaking through his Media Aide, Ali Mohammed Ali, the Governor declared that: “We are appealing judgment ….our lawyers have been instructed to file an appeal after studying judgement”. He expressed optimism that the APC and himself will get judgement at the Appeal Court and reclaim the mandate given to them by the good people of the state. NITDA partners European data protection office Accept all corps members, train them, says Minister Security beef up as Buhari lays 2020 budget proposal before… FG declares state of emergency on erosion in Anambra ALSO READ: Security beef up as Buhari lays 2020 budget proposal before NASS Mohammed Abubakar, however, called on his teeming supporters across the state as well as other members of the APC to remain calm, law-abiding citizens and should not do anything that will lead to the breach of peace in the state. “We are peaceful and peace-loving people in the APC, we believe in the rule of law and so we are going to tread the path of legal to reclaim the mandate massively given to us by the generality of the people of Bauchi state,” the former governor stated. It would be recalled that on Monday, the Gubernatorial Election Petition Tribunal dismissed the petition brought before it by the former Governor, Mohammed Abdullahi Abubakar and his party, APC seeking for his declaration as the duly elected Governor of the state and not Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir and the PDP as declared by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!