BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… According to the state government, these officers are then, expected to confirm through these certificates that the meat carcasses have been duly slaughtered under hygienic conditions. The State Commissioner for Agriculture, Prince Gbolahan Lawal, gave this directive over the weekend, noting that this policy was part of new strategies the state government was adopting, aimed at sanitizing the meat value chain in the state. Besides, he said it was also in conformity with Section 4 of the Cap M3 Meat Inspection Law of Lagos State and the 4th Schedule (Regulation 33) of the Law. The commissioner added that the policy change was informed by reports about the terrible state of sanitary affairs at some abattoirs in the state and the subsequent embarrassment this potentially held for the image of Lagos and confidence in the meat value chain. Lawal explained that veterinary divisional heads had also been mandated to identify meat vending outlets that are major distributors and retailers of meat within their respective divisions and issue letters of notice containing a moratorium to the distributors and retailers on the need for them to change their meat supply protocol to reflect the new policy. ALSO READ:  Xenophobia: Buhari’s visit to South Africa has benefits ― ARDI “We have mandated our veterinary officers to do a periodic and systematic inspection of these facilities within their jurisdiction as such they must ensure that meat emanating from their divisions which must come from mechanized facilities are issued the Veterinary Health Certificate for Trade of Meat,” he said He warned that any officer who breached the code by signing off on carcasses and other by-products of meat that were slaughtered from any facilities other than government-approved abattoir facilities would be guilty of gross misconduct and as such would be sanctioned accordingly and prosecuted if need be. Lawal similarly urged food vendors not to breach the code by purchasing meat that was not duly inspected or that does not come with the legal certificates, warning that such a food vendor would not only be guilty of an offence but such a facility would also be shut down. “Any food vendor who breaches this code by purchasing meat that was not duly inspected or that does not come with the legal certificates will be guilty of an offence and be liable to be shut down,” Lawal warned. He added that all heads of approved abattoirs in the state that do not possess clean hygienic mechanized facilities cannot issue the Veterinary Health Certificate for Trade of Meat, stressing that they must henceforth refer slaughtering for the purpose of supply to such mechanized facilities. “It is our hope that a strict adherence by the concerned stakeholders and implementation by our veterinary officers of this policy would drive slaughtering activities towards more hygienic facilities,” Lawal said. The commissioner, however, said that a stakeholders meeting of the meat value chain would soon be convened in order to have their buy-in on the new reforms before its full implementation adding that a sensitization exercise of members of the public would also be fully embarked upon in order to ensure the success of the policy change. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!