The National Judicial Council (NJC) on Thursday, set up eight committees to investigate allegations of official misconduct against eight judicial officers from amongst the 35 petitions written against 37 Judges of the Federal and State High Courts. The Council, at the end of its meeting of 22nd and 23rd October 2019, also recommended the appointment of four judges as justices of Supreme Court of Nigeria. A statement by the Director of Information of the NJC, Soji Oye said Council at the meeting deliberated on the report of its preliminary complaints assessment committee and decided to empanel eight committees to investigate the Judicial Officers. The statement the remaining petitions were summarily dismissed for lacking in merit, being sub judice, concerning administrative matters or that such petitions were matters for appeal. The dismissed petitions were against the immediate past Chief Judge of the Federal High Court, Justice Adamu Abdu-kafarati, the one against Justices Anwuli Chikere, H. I. O. Oshoma, Ayo Emmanuel, all of the Federal High Court, Justice J.D. Peters of the National Industrial Court of Nigeria, Justice S. E. Aladetoyinbo (Rtd), of the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory, Justice Opeyemi Oke (Rtd), Chief Judge of Lagos State, Justices K. A. Jose, S. S. Ogunsanya, T. A. Oyekan-Abdullahi, O. O.Femi-Adeniyi and D. T. Okuwobi, all of the Lagos State High Court of Justice. ALSO READ: FG, Senate mull launch of N10trn infrastructure funds Also dismissed are petitions against Justice Mojisola Idayat Sule, Oyo State High Court, Hon. Justices R. D. Harriman, A.O. Omamogbo, Michael Nduka Obi, High Court of Justice, Delta State, Justice E. N. Thompson, River State High Court, Justice Inaikende Eradiri, High Court of Bayelsa State, Justices N. B. Ukoha and B.C. Iheka of High Court of Justice, Imo State, Justices F. I. N. Ngwu, R. O. Odugu, Enugu State High Court, Justice Abdulkadir H. Suleiman, Bauchi State High Court and Justice Garba Abdulkadir of the Katsina State High Court of Justice. Reps demand explanations on $460m Abuja CCTV camera project Oba of Benin receives Africa Travel 100 Global Personalities… Communities get transformer, electric poles years after… You’re an animal, judge tells Chrisland School… The Council also considered the list of candidates presented by its Interview Committee and resolved to recommend to President Muhammadu Buhari and the Governors of Edo, Ondo, Akwa-Ibom, Kogi, Anambra, Taraba, Abia, Osun, Nasarawa and Jigawa States, 22 successful candidates for appointment as Justices of the Supreme Court, Heads of Courts and other Judicial Officers in Nigeria. Those recommended for appointment as Justices of the Supreme Court are, Justices Adamu Jauro, Justice of the Court of Appeal (JCA), (North-East Zone), Emmanuel A. Agim (JCA) (South-South Zone), C. Oseji (JCA) (South-South Zone) and Helen M. Ogunwumiju (JCA) (South-West Zone). While Justice Tsoho John Terhemba was recommended for the post of Chief Jude of the Federal High Court, Justice B. B. Kanyip was recommended for appointment as President of the National Industrial Court of Nigeria and Justice Esther Amenaghawon Edigin was appointed as Chief Judge of Edo State High Court of Justice. Other appointments made by the NJC are Justice Eunice Aderonke Alade as President of Customary Court of Appeal, Ondo state, Mathias Olusegun Agboola, Sikiru Adeposi Oke, Olorunfemi Judith Ajanaku and Lawrence Olawale Arojo for appointment as Judges of Osun State High Court of Justice, Bawa Sunday Baba, Nasarawa High Court of Justice, Nkeruwem Martin Obot, Akwa Ibom, Yahaya Adamu for Kogi state, Onyinye Samuel Anumonye and Victoria Toochukwu Nwoye for appointment as Judges of Anambra state High Court of Justice. For Taraba State High Court of Justice, the Council recommended Goje Yahaya Hamman as a Judge and Benson Anya, Enyinnaya Okezie and Adiele Ogbonna for appointment as Judr, Abia State High Court of Justice. The NJC also appointed Ibrahim Alhaji Ya’u as Kadi, Sharia Court of Appeal of Jigawa state The NJC spokesman said the appointed Judges will be sworn-in after the approval of the President and their respective State Governors and or confirmation by the Senate and State Houses of Assembly as the case may be.”Council also approved the recommendation of two Committees earlier set-up to investigate Justice Winifred I. A. Effiong of Akwa-Ibom State High Court”, the statement added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!