The Immediate past commissioner for health, Oyo State, Dr Azeez Popopola Adeduntan has disclosed that he still remains a member of the All Progressive Congress  (APC) in Oyo state. Dr Adeduntan stated this during a press conference on the recent conferment of traditional title of Otun Bashorun of Ibadan land on him by the Olubadan Of Ibadan, Oba Saliu Adetunji. He explained that the party lost the 2019 governorship election in Oyo state due to imposition of candidates by the former governor Abiola Ajimobi and arrogance of the APC governorship candidate Adebayo Adelabu. He called for genuine reconciliation of active APC members and called on the former governor Abiola Ajimobi to step aside and allow younger generations in the party to contribute their quota in order to move it forward. Speaking on the state of the nation, the international surgeon commended President Muhammadu Buhari for the fatherly role he has been playing in the last four years thereby moving the nation forward. Provide helicopters, Boko Haram remnants will be history,… Saki judicial division had suffered several infrastructural… NDDC reassures people with disabilities on empowerment… 22 million housing deficit persists despite over N124bn… ALSO READ: Ekweremadu charges environmental MDAs on early budget approval He said the president has done wonderfully well in resolving many problems confronting the nation. The founder, Dr Azeez Popoola Adeduntan Foundation  (DAPAF) described his relationship with the former Oyo State governor Abiola Ajimobi and the current governor Seyi Makinde as cordial as they are brothers from same Oja Oba and that politics would not be allowed to severe their relationship. He called on Governor Seyi Makinde to pay special attention to the health sector especially primary health care so as to reduce preventable deaths among the people of the state. Dr Adeduntan thanked Olubadan for the honour done to him with the conferment and promise to continue to assist the people of Ibadan and by extension Oyo state. The press conference had in attendance President Omo Ajorosun Club, Chief Solomon Abiola, Mogaji Olupoyi’s compound among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!