The Sokoto state government has earmarked N1.9 billion to purchase 110,000 schools’ furniture to address infrastructure challenges in the state. The Permanent Secretary, Sokoto State Ministry for Basic and Secondary Education, Alhaji Muhammad Mainasara, made the disclosure at a two-day stakeholder’s forum on progressive taxation. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the meeting was organised by the ActionAid Nigeria (AAN) in collaboration with the Rural Women and Youth Development (RUWOYD). According to Mainasara, the challenges facing the education system are numerous and beyond what government alone can tackle. “We have experienced situations where students use blocks as chairs and tables or a mat on the floor, which is so much touching and need to be generally addressed. “As such the state government conducted a census on the required furniture for the schools in the state and earmarked N1.9 billion to purchase 110,000 furniture to address such challenges. ALSO READ: Girl child day: Open public register for paedophiles, NGOs urge Oyo govt “Moreover, we require more intervention from the private sector to improve the state education system,” he said. Nigerian Army sensitizes Media Influencers, Journalists on… NAFEST back to home of culture after 40 years ― Obaseki NNPC operating revenue drops by N15.69bn in July Sanwo-Olu, BATN foundation laud farmers’ role in food… “The state has tremendously improved in the schools’ infrastructures. “We have constructed blocks of classrooms across many schools and more are still under construction to address the successful increase in the number of schools’ enrollment in the state,” he said. On the issue of girl child enrollment, the Permanent Secretary said, “it is beyond ceremonial but it should be a continuous process.” “Basically, we have to change our thought of ceremonial enrollment in rural areas, most especially for the girl child and encourage more enrollment. “Our younger ladies should be government ambassadors to disseminate the need for rural dwellers to ensure their girl child is enrolled in school. “However, the Schools Base Management Committees (SBMCs) need more training to improve our education system. “This will enable the communities to always take charge of the ownership of the schools to ensure full monitoring in order to succeed.” (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!