The Bishop of Ekiti Diocese, the Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion), Right Reverend Christopher Omotunde, has urged Nigerians to desist from pursuit of vanities of life but to toe the path of righteousness and godliness. Omotunde also urged the congregation and other Nigerians from living what he called ‘fake and empty lives.’ Omotunde added that everybody, no matter how great, rich, powerful and influential, will leave this world one day to give account to their Creator at the end of their sojourn on earth. The bishop gave the charge at the funeral service held in honour of Madam Elizabeth Idowu Adepoju at St. Peter’s Anglican Church, Iropora Ekiti in Irepodun/Ifelodun Local Government Area of Ekiti State, on Thursday. Cleric urges leaders to believe in Nigeria’s greatness Meduoye, Maduka, others lament poverty rate, task govt Okowa meets Apostle Suleiman, calls for more soul-winning… Cleric admonishes Nigerians to intensify prayers for their… ‘$582billion stolen from Nigeria since 1960’ The deceased is the mother of the Anglican Bishop of Ekiti West Diocese, Right Reverend Rufus Adepoju and mother-in-law of the Special Assistant (Media) to the Ekiti State Deputy Governor, Odunayo Ogunmola. Delivering a sermon entitled ‘It Will Get To Your Turn One Day,’ Omotunde emphasised that death is the end of human beings, adding that people must repent and turn to God before the end comes. The cleric decried the moral laxity in the society where people have elevated inordinate acquisition of wealth, property and other vanities of life as their way of life rather than true worship of God and love for fellow human beings. The mindless pursuit of wealth, according to him, was responsible for criminal activities in the land and untimely deaths of many young men and women. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!