The Lagos State government has called on philanthropic individuals, organisations and institutions to join hands with the current administration in its efforts to revitalise the education sector, especially at the primary and secondary school levels. The deputy governor, Dr Obafemi Hamzat, made the call recently at the inauguration of the 2019/2020 education intervention programmes by Bunmi Adedayo Foundation (BAF) and the sixth memorial anniversary of Olubunmi Omotayo Adedayo. The event, which had the wife of Ogun State governor, Mrs Bamidele Abiodun and the wife of the late Moshood Abiola, Dr Doyin Abiola, among others in attendance, was held at the Christ Church Cathedral Primary School, Lagos. According to Hamzat, the state government is committed to improving the quality of teaching and learning and the environment in public schools at all levels in the state. “We want to ensure that every child in public schools gets the right knowledge and skills that will make them not only relevant but able to compete with their peers globally,” he stressed. OAU VC, others advocate integration of entrepreneurial… We still pay fees in Nasarawa varsity, physically challenged… Corona harps on how quality education can drive societal… ‘Graduates should learn employable skills before graduation’ WhatsApp sues Israel’s NSO for allegedly helping spies hack phones worldwide The deputy governor, who was represented at the event by the Commissioner for Education, Mrs. Folasade Adefisayo, listed three focus areas for the administration to revamp the sector to include teachers’ recruitment and training, curriculum review and infrastructure development. While commending BAF for its intervention efforts, Hamzat, in a statement made available to newsmen by the deputy director of public affairs unit of the state’s ministry of education, Mr Kayode Sutton, said the initiative would continue to encourage more private sector participation in supporting the state government in its efforts to revitalise education sector and  towards achieving appreciable heights. Also speaking, the chairman, Lagos State Universal Basic Education Board, Mr. Wahab Alawiye-King, thanked BAF for adding value to primary education in the state, saying the sustenance of the intervention projects would further lift the sector higher. Earlier in his remarks, chairman, board of directors of Bunmi Adedayo Foundation, Mr. Babatunde Akinleye, promised that the foundation as a not-for-profit organisation would continue to contribute in the production of responsible children for the society. Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!