Mubi North Local Government stakeholders of the People’s Democracy Party (PDP) in Adamawa state have denied being a part of a press conference against Senator Elisha Ishaku Abbo Cliff who is representing Northern part of the state. The stakeholders in another press conference in Yola said the few people who were present at the conference were deceived and said they were conned to be part of what they are not the planners. Mr Jauro Abacha of Kolere Ward in Mubi North who spoke on behalf of all LGA executives of the party told TribuneOnline that their greatest shocks and consternation was how they were conned by some of their folks into attending a sponsored press conference without consulting the real PDP stakeholders of Mubi North. During their press conference, they made categorical statements against the sponsored press conference aimed at disparaging Sen Cliff. “That we only attended the sponsored press conference because we were deceived into doing so. The conveners told us to come to Yola to attend the judgment of the election tribunal, only to be commanded into a press conference hall by some fellows. “That we cannot identify with any arrangement that is predicated on lies and deception, which planning and arrangement we were not apart. “That the fellows spearheading this charade are in fact members of other political parties as such they cannot be stakeholders in PDP. “That we have no reason for whatsoever to distance ourselves from our Young and dynamic Senator. ALSO READ: Senator awards scholarship to 54 students in Ogun ” That we stand firmly by our duly by elected Senator and proudly applaud his work and representation so far. Kwara seeks FG’s special intervention over ecological… Nigeria records investment announcement of $9.29 in Q3 ―… Sex for grade: TUC seeks death penalty for abuse of young… Stop political agitations on Delta 2023, PDP chieftain… “That any attempt to pull us into a conflict from which we are far removed is at the best mischievous unfair and ungodly. “Therefore we distance ourselves as far as distance goes to from shameless dance of sycophancy and nothing can be farther truth and reality. ” However we affirm our loyalty and support to the PDP as long as she remains and just to our people. Recall that a group of people in a press conference on 8th October 2019 in Yola said they are PDP stakeholders of Mubi North distancing themselves from the content of a video that went viral on the social made by Abbo. The group on their on stand passionately calling on Senator Abbo to focus on the primary functions of lawmaking and bills that will bring development to his people. While extolling the giants’ strides of development achieved by His Excellency, the Executive Governor of Adamawa state, Rt Hon Ahmadu Umaru in four months, they advised Abbo to desist from making personal statements that touch the person of the Governor by referring him the ”Small Man.” When TribuneOnline contacted Senator Elisha Abbo on the two separate press conferences, he said the video statements were sacrosanct to him and was not mixing words. According to him, Fintiri is the most insecure Adamawa leader in the history of the state, as he fights his shadows having complex issues. “Organizing five press conference in one week against its Senator will not help him. Paying a journalist to carry sponsored reports and using political propagandists against me will not help him. ” When the real-time comes Fintiri will know the real people and politicians in Mubi North, or is it the like of  Barr Sunday Yangra that is an imposter from different LGA that’s a stakeholder from Mubi North?” Cliff said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!