Access Bank’s expanded digital lending portfolio, which gives Nigerians quick and 24/7 access to funds for emergencies without any collateral, has hit a record N1billion daily in loan value. According to Victor Etuokwu, Executive Director, Retail Banking, Access Bank Plc, in the past two years, the bank has disbursed over 3.5 million loans to individuals, adding that this year alone it had disbursed over N45 billion in over 2 million disbursements to individuals and have recently witnessed a spike in volumes hitting one billion naira daily. “This achievement and our focus on retail lending reiterate our commitment to democratize access to financial services leveraging digital technology,” he said. Chinedu Onuoha, Head Digital Banking Business Development, Access Bank, commented recently on this laudable achievement: “Our objective is to ensure that there is a digital loan product for every adult Nigerian who has proven means of livelihood because we know that every individual at one point or another requires some form of financial support. Our flagship digital loan product, PayDay Loan, is tailored to help individuals meet their urgent cash needs. Though the tenor for this loan is 30 days, we also have loans with tenors of 3 months and 6 months.” Seplat acquires Eland at N174bn General Danjuma bows out of May & Baker Board Nigeria’s financial inclusion rate now 63.2% – CBN report CBN issues guidelines for indirect participants in payments… ALSO READ: Access Bank shareholders approve merger with Diamond Bank, commend mgt Since the launch of Access Bank’s digital loan portfolio with PayDay Loan as the flagship product, Access Bank has continued to expand its loan portfolio using its proven innovative algorithms and deep machine learning capabilities. The Bank’s retail innovation journey has led it to expand its digital loan offerings to other multi-tenured variants to fit the needs of its diverse retail customer segments. Access Bank also launched a dedicated loan application platform known as QuickBucks in the third quarter of last year; a Mobile Banking Application for digital loans aimed at improving customers borrowing experience for retail loans. As part of its commitment to deepening digital finance, the Bank has gone a step ahead to provide access to phone ownership as it recently launched a 12-month Device Ownership scheme where any salary earning customer can select a phone of his choice from our QuickBucks app and walk into any of our partner outlets across the country to pick up the phone. Access Bank’s digital loans are accessible 24hours, 7 days a week service and can be accessed via the shortcode *901*11#. One can also access it via Access Mobile App and the QuickBucks App; these apps are available for download on the Play Store and iOS stores. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!