The W Initiative, a flagship women empowerment programme from Access Bank Plc, has announced plans for its 2019 ‘W Health Month’ aimed at improving community awareness on health issues that affect women and their families by bridging the knowledge gap, providing access to health checks and encouraging healthy lifestyle habits. Slated to run all through the month of October, the ‘W Health Month’ will focus on key areas such as infertility, endometriosis, vesicovaginal fistula (VVF), cancer, maternal and neonatal mortality. Speaking on the campaign, Ayona Trimnell, the Coordinator ‘W’ initiative, Access Bank Plc, said: “Globally, the month of October is dedicated to raising awareness for Breast Cancer, a major health issue affecting mainly women. However, as an Institution with a focus on women, we are expanding the scope to shine the spotlight on 5 salient health issues affecting women and their families. The 2017 African Research and Population Centers, estimated 40,000 maternal deaths in Nigeria, making the country the second-largest contributor to maternal mortality worldwide. There is need for us to change the story one woman at a time and we at Access Bank have been moving the needle in our own way through our flagship product, the Maternal Health Service Support (MHSS). Nollywood diva, Monalisa Chinda, harps on actors’ welfare FG pledges support for upcoming All Africa Music Awards Wizkid, Quavo congratulate Davido, Chioma over birth of son Nollywood: Committee pledges credible election for Actors… ALSO READ: Community project: Kwara pays N60m counterpart fund Activities planned during the period include free health screening, health talks by specialists, fitness classes, fundraising to support these causes etc. The Health Month will wrap up with an advocacy walk tagged ‘Walk for Women’s Health’ on Saturday 26 October 2019,” She added. Established in 2014, the W Initiative is home to everything Access Bank has to offer women. This includes both financial and lifestyle needs. Under the Initiative, participating women and their families have access to a wide range of privileges including access to credit facilities to meet business and healthcare needs, the ‘W’ community which provides insights on family matters, health, career, lifestyle and finance. This is in addition to special offerings for the home such as discounts and freebies on health, beauty, and fitness. Health screenings will hold every Tuesday in October at designated partner locations across the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!