President Muhammadu Buhari, who leaves the country today on an official trip to Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to attend Economic Forum of the Future Investment Initiative (FII) in Riyadh and later perform lesser Hajj (Umrah), has also now been scheduled to go the United Kingdom on a private visit. A statement issued in Abuja on Monday by Femi Adesina Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity) confirmed that the president will on Saturday 2nd November, 2019, proceed to the United Kingdom on a private visit. It said Buhari is expected to return to Nigeria on 17th November, 2019. The statement affirmed that on the sideline of the Riyadh event, the president will hold bilateral talks with His Majesty King Salman and His Majesty King Abdullah ll of Jordan. On Wednesday, 30th October, 2019, the President will participate in the High Level Event titled “What is Next for Africa: How will Investment and Trade Transform the Continent into the Next Great Economic Success Story?” with Presidents of Kenya, Congo-Brazzaville and Burkina Faso, it further said. The statement reads: President Muhammadu Buhari leaves the country today on an official trip to Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to attend Economic Forum of the Future Investment Initiative (FII) in Riyadh. On the sideline of the event, President Buhari will hold bilateral talks with His Majesty King Salman and His Majesty King Abdullah ll of Jordan. On Wednesday, 30th October, 2019, the  President will participate in the High Level Event titled “What is Next for Africa: How will Investment and Trade Transform the Continent into the Next Great Economic Success Story?” with Presidents of Kenya, Congo-Brazzaville and Burkina Faso. At the end of the summit, President Buhari will on Saturday 2nd November, 2019, proceed to the United Kingdom on a private visit. He is expected to return to Nigeria on 17th November, 2019. Budget Defence: Diaspora C’mttee expresses displeasure… Gbajabiamila mourns Jummai Balewa UNICEF, OYO SUBEB initiate actions on ECD Development in… Ghost workers: Bauchi govt sets up investigative committee SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!