A division of the Court of Appeal is to be sited in Gombe very soon, consequent upon which a seven-man team from the Federal Judiciary has visited the state on a facility assessment tour. The team which was headed by the presiding Judge of the Court of Appeal, Jos Division, Hon. justice Adzira Gana Mshelia, in company of some state government officials, toured the temporary and the proposed permanent sites of the court. The team was mandated by the President of the Court of Appeal, Justice Zainab Bulkachuwa who is from the state, to inspect some facilities and make recommendations for the smooth take-off of the Appeal Court in Gombe state. The Facilities visited included the proposed Judges’ residential quarters which is at about 80 per cent completion stage, court premises, junior and senior staff quarters among others. And to show his commitment to the immediate take-off of the court, Gombe State Governor, Muhammad Inuwa Yahaya has provided a fully furnished court hall, five fully furnished chambers for the Judges of the Court of Appeal, a well equipped Registry office, residential quarters for the Judges’ accommodation, temporary accommodation for staff as well as a 2-hectare plot of land along Bauchi road for the construction of the permanent Court of Appeal Division Complex. IPPIS: ASUU, Accountant-General trade blame over October 31… Senate kicks against allocation of N600 million to… 2020 budget: Senators, reps commend Registrar as JAMB remits… Assault: He must sleep in cell before accepting his apology… ALSO READ: Niger federal lawmakers decry deplorable roads The team had earlier paid a courtesy visit to the Governor who was represented by his Deputy, Dr Manassah Daniel Jatau as the Governor is presently on the entourage of President Muhammadu Buhari to Russia on an official engagement. The Deputy Governor appreciated the approval of the establishment of a Court of Appeal in Gombe, expressing delight that it would ensure speedy dispensation of justice and create more job opportunities for the citizenry. He assured that the state government will provide the needed support to ensure the court begins operation without delay. The Deputy Governor, in company of the Secretary to the State Government Prof. Ibrahim Abubakar Njodi and the Principal Private Secretary (PPS) to the governor, Alhaji Usmam Kamara, then led the team to inspect the facilities at the temporary site, located at the Old High Court Complex along University Road, Tudun Wada. The leader of the delegation, Justice Mshelia commended the commitment and disposition of the state government towards the speedy take-off of the appellant court, the development of which he said will ensure quick dispensation of justice as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity to the Governor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!