The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mr Mohammed Adamu, has directed officers and men of the force to henceforth declare their assets. Adamu gave the directive in Abuja when members of the board of Code of Conduct Bureau (CCB), led by its chairman, Prof. Mohammed Isah paid him a courtesy visit on Tuesday. Adamu noted that the declaration of assets of public officers was compulsory and failure to do so was an act of breaking the law. ALSO READ: Minimum wage: Comply with national template in payment, workers tell Fayemi “We are aware that declaration of assets is mandatory for all public officers and not doing so means you are breaking the law. “We want to assure you that we will assign an office to be responsible for that and they will make sure that all our officers and men comply with this directive. “This will ensure that we have one channel so that whenever you want to check, it will be easy. FG targets $1.5bn revenue from new deep offshore contract PDP tasks NASS to redirect 2020 Budget FG targets N8.155trn revenue in 2020 fiscal year 700 to benefit from Ajuloopin free eyecare initiative in… “So officially the office that will be responsible for this is the office of the Commissioner of Police, Research and Planning while the Deputy Inspector General of Police, Research and Planning will oversee their activities, “he said. The Inspector General also reiterated its commitment to assisting the bureau with uniform and armed personnel to carry out their mandate. He added that the collaboration of both organisations was important for them to discharge their respective duties effectively. Earlier, the Chairman, Code of Conduct Bureau (CCB), Prof. Mohammed Isah, noted that the assistance of the police was required to enforce the code of conduct on all public officers. While commending the IGP for declaring his assets, he added that the bureau could not execute court orders on its own. “The Code of Conduct Bureau has the investigative powers but this power cannot be achieved alone. “We need to cooperate, share information and collaborate to achieve our mandate,” he said. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!