As part of efforts to re-orientate the workforce on the ethical values of public service through training and retraining, the Ondo state government in conjunction with PISCAN Nigeria Ltd has organised a two-day training workshop for driver/mechanics in-state public service Speaking while declaring the workshop open, the state Head of Service, Mr Dare Aragbaiye,  explained that the workshop was put together to re-orientate the category of workers on the ethics of public service and improvement of their skills. Aragbaiye reiterated the commitment of present administration in the state towards re-orientating the workforce on the ethical values of public service through training and retraining of the public servants, with a view to achieving better performance of their duties. Aragbaiye, who commended the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, for releasing funds for the programme despite the scarce resources of the state government. He noted that every section of the civil service is important, thereby assuring that no section would be left out in the scheduled training programme by the state government. Experts lament deplorable state of roads in Nigeria Adeyeye vs Olujimi : Appeal court reserves judgement Maina pleads not guilty to 12-count charge preferred against… Bauchi Assembly screens, confirm Manu Soro as commissioner ALSO READ: Maina pleads not guilty to 12-count charge preferred against him by FG He charged the participants to be more dedicated to duty, avoid indolence and exhibit good conduct in the performance of their official duties to justify the government’s investment in the training programme. Speaking earlier, the Permanent Secretary, Department of Establishment and Training, Mr Victor Olajorin, commended Akeredolu for prioritising the training of the state workers to improve their skills as against recruiting new ones to replace them. Olajorin described the drivers as the live wire of the public service, without which the target of delivering excellent service to the people could not be achieved. In his remarks, the lead consultant of PISCAN organization, Professor Femi Akinwumi, represented by Mrs Ani Anisulowo, said the training workshop would include among others, medical checkup, physical fitness and paper presentation on health, safety and interpersonal relationship between the drivers and other workers. The participants underwent tests on their eyes, blood pressure, sugar level and also engaged in group work and evaluation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!