THE Chief Judge of Oyo State, Justice Munta Abimbola on Friday stated that the Saki judicial division of the state judiciary had over the years suffered from several infrastructural challenges which had affected the orderly and prompt disposition of cases in that division. Justice Abimbola who made this known during the official opening of the new court complex at of the judiciary at Saki added that it is “sad to say that the court has all along suffered from several infrastructural challenges which no doubt has affected the orderly and prompt disposition of cases. The premises used for both magistrate and high court were given by the local government as a result of the kind intervention of the late Okere of Saki, Oba Tijani Abimbola Oyedokun of blessed memory. “I must salute the industry and courage of the judges who have kept the wheel of justice rolling since the inception of this judicial division even in the face of inadequacies. The making of this edifice of justice is a strong representation of our commitment to the rule of law and social justice, the testimony of our determination to ensure that discomforts, distance or geographical location are not a barrier to our citizen’s access to justice,” Justice Abimbola said. Provide helicopters, Boko Haram remnants will be history,… NDDC reassures people with disabilities on empowerment… 22 million housing deficit persists despite over N124bn… Nigeria has the lowest tax rate in the world ― Minister ALSO READ: NDDC reassures people with disabilities on empowerment schemes According to him, the Saki judicial division of the high court of Oyo state was established in 1980 during the administration of late Chief Bola Ige to adjudicate on matters arising from eight local government councils in Oke Ogun; Saki West, Saki East, Atisbo, Irepo, Iwajowa, Kajola, Olorunsogo and Oorelope respectively, adding that it was later merged with the Oyo judicial division in 1986 but was reconstituted in 1992 during the administration of Late Kolapo Ishola. Justice Abimbola explained further Saki and environs have a population of over 388,225 inhabitants and a land area of 2014 square kilometers which is a major hub with vast potentials in trading and agriculture, adding that, “a community with two polytechnics, two general hospitals, a school of nursing, a medical laboratory school and over 26 public secondary schools and private primary and secondary schools, deserve a decent courthouse. “The new complex was planned to accommodate one high court hall, one magistrate court hall with connected offices along with other requisite amenities that will improve court operations and services to the court users. A befitting courthouse with decent offices has become a reality of this division. “Our appreciation goes to the entire community for their tolerance and cooperation. It is our solemn pledge that we shall continue to strive our own part in the judiciary to rise up to the challenge of bringing justice closer to the people of Oyo State,” Justice Abimbola concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!