The Federal University Lokoja (FUL) is not engulfed in any crisis as the authorities of the institution followed due process in the appointment and promotion of staff, investigations have revealed. Findings by the Stewardship Online Investigative Media Crew, an independent investigating media outfit, showed that the claims of crises as alleged by a lecturer in the geography department, Dr J. O. Folorunsho, were not true. According to the head of the organisation, Dare Michael, the lecturer is a factional leader of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) who had been providing the “misleading information to the public all in a bid to create disaffection amongst management and staffers of FUL and the public.” The organisation in its report on the alleged crises said the allegations were raised with the intention to mislead the public as the prevailing situation in the institution was calm, peaceful, with the management and staff going about their lawful duties without any iota of disaffection. Investigation among members of management and staff on the university revealed that the allegation of irregularities in the recent employment exercise carried out by the institution was baseless and misleading as the exercise followed due process. ALSO READ:  Coconut industry attracts over N50bn transaction annually in Lagos The employment exercise, the investigation revealed, followed the stipulated law as the federal character commission had their representative in the committee,  thus, aside monitoring the process, they also issued a certificate of compliance, adjudging that the exercise followed due diligence. Findings among promoted staff in 2016, 2017 and 2018 exercise also showed that the university’s monthly bulletin, Vol1 No.6, published the names of about 200 staff promoted within the year mentioned, while the promotion exercise for 2019 is at the final stage of completion. Fayemi laments Ekiti ranking in 2019 WAEC results Dearth of teachers hits Oyo schools FUTA wins gold at national Blockchain Hackathon competition FUOYE defends ‘review’ of fees Furthermore, findings revealed that the claims by Folorunsho that there was rift between the management and the ASUU of the school was a ruse and unsubstantiated. The claim that graduates of FUL have not been mobilised for the compulsory National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) scheme was not true as Folorunsho was not aware that it was not the responsibility of universities to mobilise graduate for the programme. “It is important too to State that the crew discovered that it was misleading to have alleged that Earned Academic Allowances of the University have not been paid to staff members. Revelation from investigations showed that EAA has since been paid to all of the deserving staff as directed by the Implementation Committee constituted for that purpose which the ASUU representative as chairs, alongside the representation of all other unions on campus, thus making the claims by Dr Folorunsho to be unfounded and aimed at creating disaffection. “It was discovered that currently there is no record of victimisation in the FUL. It was further observed from the random interviews conducted, that no one single case of victimisation abounds, thus making false the claim by Dr Folorunsho of victimisation misleading and a misinformation. “Another deliberate mischief was the claims that the FUL was yet to release her first-semester exams results as alleged. This misinformation was discovered to have been peddled out of ignorance, as the Institution exam management is still within the window and time frame of marking and preparing the results of students before onward delivery to the Senate for its approval. “Records made available in the minutes of meetings held showed that aside statutory meetings, management of FUL hold regular meeting, thus rendering the claims of reluctance to hold and call for meetings by Dr Folorunsho as false,” the report said. It was also gathered that work at the permanent site of the university had reached 90 per cent completion for the school to relocate to its permanent site, adding that it is expected that the school of Postgraduate would resume in the permanent site for academic activities by December. This is against the false claims by Dr Folorunsho that the program is yet to take off owing to the inability to summon meetings. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....