A Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), Jalz Changing Faces, on Friday held a 3-kilometre street procession in Jos to celebrate the International Day of the Girl Child. Miss Juliana Aliyu, Founder of the NGO and convener of the procession, said that the initiative was to lend the group’s support to the girl child which she said had been going through many challenges. Aliyu stated that the rights of the girl child had over the year’s been trampled upon and that the NGO was willing and ready to fight for the right of the girl child in Nigeria. She said that girls, particularly in Nigeria, were neglected in terms of education, care and support, unlike their male counterparts. According to her, educating the girl child is key to breaking the circle of poverty, alluding to the cliche that “when you train a woman you train a nation”. Aliyu said that the NGO had empowered many homeless and disabled girls through skills acquisitions to make them self reliant. Oyo APC berates Makinde, Speaker over controversial N7.6b… I don’t own a single share in KAEDCO ― Namadi Sambo NNPC seals $2.5bn gas supply deal with NLNG Lagos conducts screening exercise for intending christian… ALSO READ: We will deliver our mandate — Tijjani Aliyu Mrs Hannah Izam, a former Women Affairs Commissioner in Plateau, commended Julz Changing Faces for championing the campaign against girl-child trafficking. Izam frown at the deadly cultural practices in some parts of Nigeria that affected the girl child negatively. According to her, female gender mutilation is one practice that has humiliated the girl child. A beneficiary of Jalz Changing Faces gesture, a 15-year-old girl, Lahila Idris, in an interview, expressed appreciation for the humanitarian services rendered to her. Idris advocated for the education of the girl child, as according to her, investing in a girl child is an investment globally.
International Day of the Girl Child is celebrated globally on Oct. 11 as declared by the United Nations.  (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!