SEVEN first class students and 25 others are set to make records as the first set of graduates of Augustine University, Ilara Epe, Lagos State during the varsity’s first convocation on Thursday. This was disclosed by the vice-chancellor of the institution, Professor Steve Afolami, at a press conference to herald the convocation ceremony at the institution’s senate chamber on Monday. Augustine University, founded by the Catholic Mission in Nigeria, was approved on March 25, 2015 by the National University Commission (NUC) while academic activities commenced in November 2015. According to Professor Afolami, the institution which took off with 54 students is producing seven first-class students; 13 students in second class upper category, 11 in second class lower division and just one student in third class category. ALSO READ: NASS accuses PENCOM of illegal utilisation of N12.283bn IGR FG pledges support for Uganda’s legal education Education only weapon to banish poverty in Nigeria ― Tinubu Oyo govt to recruit more teachers soon, says Makinde 130 to bag First Class at UNILORIN convocation ― Varsity VC He said, “the students went through rigorous teaching and counselling with total concentration.” He noted that in its bid to present the students for leadership roles in the nearest future in Nigeria and at the global scene, Augustine University has developed new additional eight general study courses to be presented to the NUC. The courses listed by Afolami are; ethical renaissance, philosophical anthropology, corruption and society, ethical teachings of world religions and tradition, human and African cultural moral values, natural law of justice, freedom, human right, civic right and responsibilities and politics and moralities. “We want to present these courses to the NUC for screening as part of the prescribed general courses studies for other universities in Nigeria. “They are general studies courses prescribed by NUC as basic minimum, what we have now is to add one unit every semester to that basic minimum using these courses that we have listed over the last four years as a way to further develop the child to in-depth studies that will make them to appreciate their society the more. “The general courses will make them a better person and have a deep knowledge of what it takes to love goodness. And we believe that anything that will make younger Nigerians better should be well done.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!