A judge in Southern Thailand shot himself in court after delivering a not guilty verdict in the case of five Muslim suspects charged with murder in the predominantly Buddhist country’s restive South. Khanakorn Pianchana shot himself in the chest after acquitting the suspects charged with murder, illegal association and gun-related offence on Friday because of insufficient evidence. He was in the hospital on Saturday. On Saturday, people laid flowers in front of the court in Yala, one of the three Muslim-majority Southern provinces at the heart of the insurgency that has claimed over 7,000 lives since 2004. “He is safe now. We don’t know why he did this, probably his stress from personal issues. “I confirm that there is no interference in the work of judges. They are independent in making verdicts,” Suriya Hongwilai, spokesman of the Court of Justice, told Reuters. State Department has given initial response to Congress ―… New policies will attract teachers to rural communities ―… Buhari reiterates determination to address security… Russia will find ways to help Cuba get oil, says Medvedev ALSO READ: North Korean and US negotiators meet to break nuclear stalemate in Sweden Suriya said he would report the incident to the Office of the Judicial Commission on Monday. “I don’t think it’s just about the insurgency in the three southernmost provinces, the judge may want to convey a message that there is a problem with the entire judicial system,” Yala resident Ameed Mata said. According to him, the insurgency issue is the most intense in the judicial system, his decision was apparently to show Thailand that this problem does exist. Yala, Pattani and Narathiwat were part of an independent Malay Muslim sultanate before Thailand annexed them in 1909. The report says some rebel groups want an independent state. (Reuters/NAN) How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!