The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibadan zonal office, on Monday, arrested 17 suspected internet fraudsters including five who claimed to be students of the Federal Polytechnic, Ado Ekiti. The suspects, according to a statement issued by the Commission’s Spokesperson, Mr Wilson Uwujaren, were arrested in Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital. Uwujaren revealed that the suspects’ arrest was as a result of a “meticulous consideration of intelligence reports detailing their alleged involvement in internet fraud and other related offences.” He informed further that “Hitherto, operatives of the Commission in the zone had conducted preliminary investigations to ascertain the merits of the allegations against them. I will appeal Tribunal judgment ― Abubakar declares NITDA partners European data protection office Accept all corps members, train them, says Minister Security beef up as Buhari lays 2020 budget proposal before… ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/security-operatives-arrest-seven-kidnappers-in-ondo/ ” After establishing substantive facts, the EFCC sprang into action and effected the arrest on Monday.” Uwujaren stated further that five of the suspects “claimed to be students of the Federal Polytechnic, Ado-Ekiti, others said they were into various vocations.” The statement listed some of the items used in perpetrating the crime as recovered from them and registered as exhibits to be tendered in court. The suspects, he informed will be charged to court as soon as investigations are concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!