The All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship campaign council in Kogi state on Thursday lauded members of the party at the grassroots for turning out en masse to show solidarity to the desire of Governor Yahaya Bello and his deputy, Chief Edward Onoja, to do more for the people of the state. Speaking at Takete Ide, Mopamoro local government area of the state, the chairman of the media and publicity committee of the council, Mr Kingsley Fanwo, said the reports reaching his Committee had shown “impressive turn out of the people to reassure the Governor and his Deputy that November 16 is for APC”. A statement made available to TribuneOnline said the ward rallies were meant to test the ground ahead of the “Tsunamic Flagoff” at Idah this weekend. Fanwo said: “The sound we are getting from the microphone test across the wards in the state is a clear indication that the people are ready to give GYB and CEDO the opportunity to do more for Kogi state. “From Yagba West to Idah and Olamaboro, the sounds were quite reassuring of the resolution of the Kogi people to continue to trust the best Administration in the history of Kogi state. ALSO READ: Bayelsa commissioner makes U-turn, declares support for Dickson, PDP Many Nigerian children are hungry, lack access to education… NANS nonimates Tambuwal as best performing Governor in… Doctor suspended after baby born without face EFCC urges NBA to sanction lawyer for suing commission at… “We thank the people for coming out in their thousands at our different wards and we commend them for their peaceful conduct which is the hallmark of our Governorship Campaign as a party and as a people. The messages are very clear: We are showcasing excellent governance and unmatched leadership positives; we are showcasing unprecedented feats in healthcare delivery, agriculture, education, road construction and many others. “We are displaying the unity we have brought to our dear state. We are not interested in violence. We are accepted by the people of the state from the villages to the urban centres. The acceptance is resounding and deafening. “The PDP Candidate is a wet-log who is struggling with the legality of his nomination and the fact that he is strange to the people and the state is strange to him. He needs to understand the people and their needs and expectations before aspiring to lead them. “The Governor and the leader of our party has warned that no APC Member should wage violence on anyone. GYB/CEDO’s political and developmental credentials are enough to earn APC a landslide victory in the upcoming Kogi Governorship election.” Fanwo stated that the main opposition, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) had completely lost focus referring to the opposition party as a “keg of frivolities”. “They are unprepared for this election. They are overburdened by their failure to organise themselves internally. What they do now is to issue baseless statements and peddle falsehood. PDP will be defeated on November 16, 2019, by the people of Kogi State,” he stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!