The management of Moshood Abiola Polytechnic, Abeokuta, has denied reports that Olalekan Oladapo Ogunremi, a convicted cybercrime fraudster, is a student of the institution. MAPOLY authorities stated that Ogunremi failed to complete his National Diploma programme in Mechanical Engineering at the institution. The management said Ogunremi’s studentship was terminated in 2017 as a result for poor grades. This was contained in a news release signed by Yemi Ajibola, Head, Public Relations and Protocol of the institution, a copy which was sighted by Tribune Online. Recall that the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in a release on Wednesday said it secured the conviction of a cybercrime fraudster who is a student of the institution. Experts, groups want new NDDC board to supervise audit Reps query N127bn power budget allocation Again, fire guts Lagos Water Corporation in Onikan Gunmen abduct head teacher, two others in Kaduna The statement reads: “Attention of the Management of Moshood Abiola Polytechnic, Abeokuta has been drawn to reports of some online media and newspapers of a cybercrime fraudster, Olalekan Oladapo Ogunremi, who claimed to be a student of MAPOLY. ALSO READ: Gunmen raid cafes in Libya capital to curb social freedoms “We hereby wish to state unequivocally that the convict is NOT our student. “We also want to place on record that, we do not offer Mechanical Engineering in Higher National Diploma programme as allegedly claimed in the report. “We did not have such name in our record but the closest details in our record to the published name is that of a student who got admission in 2014/2015 academic session for National Diploma programme and did not finish due to poor academic performance thereby, forfeited his studentship since 2017 “The general public is requested to note that the culprit is not a student of Moshood Abiola Polytechnic, Abeokuta,” Ajibola said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....