A social entrepreneur, Alhaji Yakubu Gobir, has called on political office holders and all tiers of government to embark on programmes that will alleviate the high rate of poverty among people. Speaking on the sideline of celebration of the international day for eradication of poverty in Ilorin at the weekend, Alhaji Gobir said that world leaders particularly, governments in Africa, should endeavour to ensure that a larger percentage of their budgets is devoted to agriculture which is the only way to ensure food security. Alhaji Gobir who is the Waziri Hausa appealed to Nigerian government to shift from total dependence on oil and diversify by encouraging Small and Medium Scale Enterprises. The Waziri Hausa stressed the need for government and well meaning individuals to empower the poor as well as artisans and small business owners to get them out of the high rate of poverty which, he described as alarming and reason for insecurity. He similarly, urged all tiers of government and well to do citizens to join hands to empower families, especially women and youth who are the most vulnerable, so that the cycle of poverty is eradicated. Stop Isiguzo from parading himself as NUJ president, Odusile… Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… ALSO READ: Oyo to begin intervention lessons for SS3 students, Makinde says Waziri Gobir added that wealthy Africans and Nigerians, in particular, should come together to respect the human rights and dignity of the people living in poverty, stressing that it is crucial that children who are the leaders of tomorrow are well looked after. The social entrepreneur commended the school feeding programme of the Federal Government and urged all states of the Federation to emulate the programme as it is the right of every child to live a life that is free of misery for their physical, mental, spiritual, moral and social development irrespective of their race, religion and abilities. He attributed the high rate of crime today across the globe to poverty, hence the need for government and various political leaders to quickly address the menace. As part of his own effort to alleviate poverty in the society, Alhaji Gobir said the Gobir Organisation Foundation in collaboration with some Nigerian banks is empowering thousands of women traders in Kwara state with interest-free loans to boost their trade. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!