Chairman, Senate Committee on National Security and Intelligence, Senator Ibrahim Abdullahi Gobir, has applauded the Federal Government action on the closure of land borders. The Senator representing Sokoto East pointed out that the government decision has tremendously impacted on the security situation, especially in the northern region. According to him, “the closure of land borders has really curtailed the movement of arms and other dangerous weapons into the country. “The issues of security is a very sensitive matter that cannot be made public but a lot of measures has been taken to ensure protection of lives and properties of every Nigerian. UNILORIN win 3rd JAMB tertiary institutions football tourney FG did not reject our offer to repair federal roads linking… Gowon harps on industrialisation to drive export Buhari charges new Odole Oodua, Kessington Adebutu on… ALSO READ: IMF backs Nigeria on border closure, urges speedy resolution of issue “President Muhammad Buhari has good programmes and plans to ensure every Nigerian leave in peace with adequate protection of lives and properties in the country. “I am aware that a lot of measures were being taken to safeguard the people and their properties, particularly in the northern region where cases of kidnapping, cattle rustling, banditry had become the order of the day.” Senator Gobir, who further explained that the measure was also necessary to add greater values to local food production and consumption, urged Nigerians to persevere as the attendant hardship will be temporary. The lawmaker urged the teeming youths in Sokoto East and the state at large to embrace education or acquire a skill. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....