THE deputy governor of Kogi State, Elder Simon Achuba has been removed from office by the Kogi State House of Assembly on Friday as the Kogi Chief Judge, Justice Nasiru Ajanah is expected to swear in Chief Edward Onoja as the new deputy governor of the state on Saturday. Achuba’s impeachment followed the submission of the judicial panel of Enquiry set up by the Kogi State Chief Judge, Justice Nadir Ajanah to investigate the allegation of gross misconduct levelled against him same Friday. Chairman of the panel, Barrister John Baiyeshea on Friday led six other members of the panel, submitted the report to the Speaker, of the state House of Assembly, Kolawole Matthew, at the State House of Assembly in Lokoja. ALSO READ: Julius Berger to divert another section of Lagos-Ibadan expressway from Magboro Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole But the house few hours after the mission announced the deputy governor’s impeachment after an emergency meeting. The majority leader of the House, Bello Balogun announced that the house met, sat deliberated on the recommendations of the panel to arrived at their conclusion. Meanwhile, the Chief Judge of the state, Justice Nasiru Ajanah is expected to swear in the new deputy governor, Chief Edward Onoja to office on Saturday. Onoja was the former Chief of Staff to the governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello before he was elected as running mate to Bello for the coming Governorship election in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....