Lagos State Consumer Protection Agency (LASCOPA) has warned manufacturers of products, service providers and shop owners to desist from molesting, intimidating or harassing its personnel on monitoring and enforcement duties, as culprits will henceforth be made to face the full weight of the law. The agency’s General Manager, Mrs. Kemi Olugbode stated this while responding to a report on the harassment of the Agency’s personnel during a monitoring and enforcement exercise to confiscate expired products found at Liffs and Michs Supermarket, Gbagada area of  Lagos. The LASCOPA warned that anybody found obstructing or harassing the agency’s personnel would be made to face the full wrath of law, so as to serve as deterrent to others, who might want to indulge in such habits. Why it took us 37 years  to come to Lagos  —CEO, FoodCo,… NB Plc, Access commence search for music talents BEDC to roll out 200,000 meters in Delta State Nigerians should know orthopedic mattress suitable —Mouka… “Henceforth anybody or retail outlets found obstructing or hindering the Agency’s personnel in the course of their duty will be heavily sanctioned through prosecution to serve as a deterrent to others,” she stated. According to her, the State Government will not fold its hands and watch sellers of expired products, often purchased by unsuspecting consumers, go scot-free with their unwholesome and criminal acts, just as she reminded traders of the provision of section 26 of the Consumer Protection Law of 2014 which empowers the Agency to prosecute offenders through the established Consumer Protection Court in the State. Speaking further, the Agency boss maintained that it is foolhardy for any offender to think the State Government will look the other way to any infringement or infraction on the rights of consumers who are expected to always derive pleasure and satisfaction from products purchased. While reminding manufacturers and service providers of the Agency’s powers, as provided in the law, Mrs. Olugbode stated clearly that the incident at the Liffs and Michs Shopping Complex will never be allowed to repeat itself, as the Agency will maximally enforce the law. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!