No fewer than 1, 122 technologists and technologists will be bagging Higher National Diploma (HND), National Diplomas (ND) and General Certificates at the Petroleum Training Institute (PTI), Effurun, Delta State, on Saturday. Principal and Chief Executive of PTI, Prof Sunny Iyuke, made the announcement on Tuesday at a press briefing at the institute’s Council Chamber as part of the activities marking the institution’s 2019 Graduation Ceremony. He said out of the 1,122 graduands, 55 bagged Distinction while 342 graduated with Upper Credit, adding that the graduates had been well baked with little or no in-house-training to function in their workplaces. Nigerian Tribune reports that in realisation of its mandate to develop skilled technical power for the Nigerian oil and gas industry, PTI has produced 65 percent of technical manpower, having graduated over 48,000 technologists and technicians in different disciplines since inception. Reeling out PTI’s achievements in three years of his tenure, Prof Iyuke said the school was in collaboration with Southern Alberta Institute of Technology (SAIT), Calgary, Canada, for students’ exchange programme in the area of internship. Augustine University produces seven first class graduates,… FG pledges support for Uganda’s legal education Education only weapon to banish poverty in Nigeria ― Tinubu Oyo govt to recruit more teachers soon, says Makinde He also announced that the institution has introduced the International Professional Certification in tandem with global best practices as well as launched Digital PTI (DIPTI) and computerisation of the school’s operations and students’ certificates from 1978 to date which is accessible on www.pti.edu.ng. ALSO READ: PSC: Nigeria may not get $62bn claim from JV partners ― FG He added that the Corrosion Centre, Fire Centre, and the Skills Development Academy have been completed while, in effort to enhance the institute’s operations, it has acquired Atomic Absorption Spectrometer (AAS) and Gas Chromatography & Mass Spectrometer (GCMC) for the Petroleum Analysis Laboratory (PAL). The PTI arrowhead further added that the institution would soon attain ISO 9001:2015 and about 90 staff have been trained and certified as ISO 9011:2015 implementation and documentation instructors for it (PTI) to be at the cutting edge of training. Meanwhile, Prof Iyuke has announced with delight that former Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Dr Ibe Kachikwu and Dr Solomon Edebiri, and alumnus of the institution will be presenting Graduation Ceremony Lectures on Saturday. According to the PTI boss, Dr Kachikwu’s and Dr Edebiri’s lectures are titled: “Multiplicity of Manpower Training Institutions for Oil and Gas Industry: The Implication and Challenges for PTI” and “The Alumni: Partnering with PTI for Fulfilment of its Mandate,” respectively. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!