TO reinforce the commitment of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) to highest standard in its operations, there was no corruption incidence recorded during the year 2018. This was according to the Exchange’s 2018 Sustainability Report, titled ‘Growth, Innovation and Value Creation,’ released last  Friday. The report, in its fifth edition, showcases the exchange’s sustainability progress along the four pillars of Marketplace, Workplace, Environment and Community. The document is a detailed and transparent compilation of the progress on the NSE’s sustainability commitments and targets which were developed when the NSE commenced its sustainability journey with the launch of its corporate sustainability and responsibility (CSR) strategy in 2013. Other highlights in the report noted that during the year, the exchange partnered with the Ministry of Finance, Nigeria to launch N10.69 billion Federal Government Green Bond and leveraged on artificial intelligence through the X-Bot to increase access to market information. Davido, Chioma welcome 1st baby in London The NSE also retained the ISO 27001 certification and impacted 42,480 students on financial literacy, as well as raising N28.5 million towards the fight against cancer. FMDQ posts N179 trillion turnover in 8 months Guinea Insurance to raise capital to N12bn Conoil assures shareholders of improved  returns, as profit… Ekiti governor visits NSE, woo investors In addition, it improved its waste management and recycling policy to support circular economy through partnership with Recyclepoints, while sustaining the provision of quality education to 300 internally displaced children at the Maisandari Alamderi School donated by the exchange. In the year 2018, the exchange received an award for CSR in education from the Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry and an award for ‘Best Use of Technology for Efficiency’ from Nigeria Technology Innovation and Telecom Awards. The NSE 2018 sustainability report was written in accordance with the “core” option of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards and complies with the minimum requirements of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) Communication of Progress (COP). It also provides an update on the NSE’s activities which contribute towards the attainment of the global Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) leveraging partnerships with stakeholders across its ecosystem. Speaking on the report, the Head of Corporate Communications, NSE, Mr Olumide Orojimi, said that, “We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards, leading the quest for the integration of the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) imperatives in the Nigerian capital market.” According to him, “For us, it is important to lead by demonstrating full disclosures while exploring innovative ways to help our ecosystem apply sustainable practices to advance their strategic agenda towards the attainment of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).” “This report spotlights the milestones we have achieved in imbibing sustainability into every unit of our business, fostering green financing, empowering our employees and positively impacting our community and environment. It also touches on key initiatives undertaken in the reporting year all in a bid to remain a good corporate citizen,” added Mr Orojimi. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!