The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), on Tuesday, lamented that Nigerians are yet to fully grasp the opportunities offered by 4G wireless technology, while the rest of the world is already moving towards realizing the 6G technology. Even though the congress admitted that the 6G technology is a potent death sentence for millions of jobs globally, it stated that it has advantages and potentials to take the world to the next level in terms of development. Speaking at the opening of 2019 NLC National Leadership Retreat in Enugu, the President of NLC, Comrade Ayuba Wabba, regretted that while the 5G technology is being unfurled around the world, and 6G terahertz-based technology is knocking on the door, Nigeria is still beset by the debris of the industrial era. Wabba pointed out that the 6G technology will drastically alter the way we process, produce and industrially relate, warning however that it is a potent death sentence for millions of jobs across the world. He, therefore, called on Nigerian workers and their leadership to be very ready, engage and prepared; as the future of works lies in these technological innovations. The NLC President: “Currently, Nigerian workers and their trade unions face daunting challenges which have been exacerbated by the rapidly evolving dynamism in the world of work. While we are confronted by the reality of expanding globalization as manifest in the burgeoning information revolution, demographic shifts, climate change and technological innovation, we are still beset by the debris of the industrial era. ALSO READ: Minister backs Buhari’s directive on forensic audit of NDDC IPPIS: ASUU, Accountant-General trade blame over October 31… Senate kicks against allocation of N600 million to… 2020 budget: Senators, reps commend Registrar as JAMB remits… Assault: He must sleep in cell before accepting his apology… “Advancements in internet connectivity, software applications and their carrier cum operating devices are getting more sophisticated. While we are yet to fully grasp opportunities offered by 4G wireless technology, the rest of the world has made a quantum leap to 5G cellular technology. “As we speak right now, the 5G cellular wireless which apart from carrying live voice, text, image communication and 3D technology can also enable what is popularly known as the Internet of Things (IoT).” He added: “While the 5G technology is being unfurled around the world, 6G terahertz-based technology is knocking on the door. Researchers say that the world may not need to wait for another 10 years to realize the 6G technology. The 6G technology which is expected to take robotics and automation technology to the next level and drastically alter the way we process, produce and industrially relate is a potent death sentence for millions of jobs globally. “Comrades, this is the future of work. Are we ready for this? Now is the time to engage tomorrow.” Wabba stated that while they seek answers to the questions that the future of work brings, “we should be anxious to dispose of all or most of the concerns that exist in the contemporary world of work.” He said: “In this era, our workers still face the indignity of indecent work. In this age and time, Nigerian workers are forced to beg for their salaries which are now owed in arrears. “While other countries have fully accommodated and automated the process of minimum wage adjustments and are now focused on living wages, we are faced with a situation where we are forced to bargain too hard and wait for too long for meagre increases in minimum wage and adjustments in salary. “We are confronted daily with increasing recalcitrance by employers to allow unionization in workplaces thus exposing millions of workers to indecent conditions of casual work status, slave wages, long hours of work without due compensation, and denial of social security cover.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!