The opposition Political Parties under the umbrella of “Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP)” on Tuesday expressed dismay over a statement credited to the Supreme Court in which the apex court descended heavily on the coalition for alerting Nigerians on issue of appointing Supreme Court justices that sit on presidential appeal since 1979. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its Spokesperson, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere, the Coalition pointed out that the action was a confirmation of an unholy alliance between the Apex court and the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC in the Appeal filed by the Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar in the last general election. According to the Coalition, “the Supreme Court has by that statement is taken sides and has decided to join issues with the opposition perhaps because the supposed quiet plan and alliance with the APC led Federal Government had been botched. ” The CUPP and opposition have before now exposed the plan to alter the order of seniority which is used in appointing Supreme Court justices that sit on presidential appeal since 1979. ” We had insisted that the plan is to truncate the appeal filed by the Coalition consensus candidate and Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. “It is noteworthy that the attack on CUPP by the highest court in the land came less than 24 hours after the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) issued its own statement in which it threw caution to the wind, fired a childish arrow at the grand opposition alliance and said unprintable things about the opposition while not addressing the issues raised and making claims of Nigeria being an imaginary one-party state. “We know of a fact that it is not a coincidence that the two separate statements from the ruling party and the apex court came almost the same time. Rumbling in Senate over recruitment scandal in FIRS, NDLEA,… Delta govt gets tough against sanitation offenders in Asaba,… Minimum wage: FG, Labour shift ground, negotiations continue… Stop dreaming of one-party state, third term in Nigeria ―… “The releases were clearly syndicated. It is a confirmation of our long-time believe that something sinister is going on. They have confirmed that they are both reading from the same book and are on the same page. It is expected that those concerned will be coming out of their holes one after the other because the opposition has exposed them. ALSO READ: 847 soldiers killed, buried in one grave in Borno ― Ndume “The Chief Justice of Nigeria, Tanko Muhammed, has, by this statement smelling of malice and hatred for opposition members, removed his mask and through the Supreme Court attempted to attack the integrity of the opposition grand alliance, the CUPP, and twist facts. “Nigerians should also note that nowhere in the entire statement did the Supreme Court summon the courage to deny the facts so clearly stated by the opposition, knowing the same to be true and correct. “So, who are those people with “inordinate ambition” that the Supreme Court is talking about? Is the Court trying to tell us that any of the litigants has inordinate ambition which must not be allowed to see the light of the day? Has the Supreme already given the judgment of the appeal in a hurry without even constituting a panel? Such a harsh biased comment should not emanate from a highly respected Court as the Supreme Court of Nigeria. “The person who made that Statement should know that the Court exists to serve Nigerians and Nigerians have all the rights to share concerns regarding real events that have recently become the norm in our Judiciary. “If the Spokesperson of the Supreme Court had nothing dignifying to say, the Court should have maintained a respectful silence. Using words like “orchestrated campaign of calumny” has brought the Court to the arena of politics. “What is expected of any Supreme Court was to simply reassure citizens of its dedication and commitment to do justice, instead of attacking citizens. Is there anything that this Court wants us to do? Does the Supreme Court also want to curtail citizens’ freedom of speech? SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!