AFRICA is the second most populous continent with over one billion people in the world. From records, the greatest number of births in the continent takes place in Nigeria. In fact, a forecast at a point did project that by 2015, one fifth of the continent’s entire births would take place in Nigeria alone, accounting for five per cent of all global births which was relatively a reality. Presently, Nigeria’s population is over 180 million. Most critical is the United Nations statistics which reports that 48 percent of Nigeria’s population is under the age of 15 – comparatively a country of the young. And notwithstanding the fact that the population of children under the age of five years currently stands at nearly 31 million, no less than seven million new-born babies are excitedly added yearly without considering the implications. Meanwhile, over two-thirds of the population lives below poverty line. In human medicine, the human body essentially requires seven major types of nutrients: carbohydrates, fats, fiber, minerals, protein, vitamins, and water. Unfortunately, numerous families rarely have good square meals to meet up. On the other hand is high fraction that suffers malnutrition due to ignorance of dietary. For instance, there are whole lots of natural, affordable foods and edibles that can boost nutrition but either unknown or ignored.  Archetypes are grasshoppers which according to research have 20 grams of protein and just 6g of fat per 100g while crickets are good sources of iron, zinc and calcium. Amazingly, grasshoppers contain way more protein than beefs with a whopping 72 per cent protein content, including all essential amino acids, and without saturated fat or cholesterol. The most pathetic class is large poor families who due to ignorance have more children than necessary. Indisputably, unstructured pregnancies and births have continued to result in large families, regrettably, without commensurate livelihoods, thereby leading to often grabbing whatever is available for survival; with or without nutritional contents. Smoking habit among youths NURTW:  How not to slip into security abyss in Oyo State Still on the LAWMA blue box initiative Moving Nigeria forward to attain greatness Instructively, nutrition or aliment, is the supply of materials; food required by organisms and cells to stay alive. Nutrition also focuses on how diseases can be prevented or reduced with a healthy diet and how certain diseases may be caused by dietary factors, such as poor diet, food allergy and intolerances. Remarkably, the use of the ‘Ready-to-Use-Therapeutic-Food’ (RUTF) an initiative of UNICEF has turned out to be a fêted relief as evidently shown in checkmating child malnutrition albeit costly. This was attested by health conditions of children that were hitherto malnourished but administered accordingly in the critical areas; Adamawa, Borno and Yobe states in the North-East. Understanding this demographic transition and conscientiously putting in place realistic interventionist policies will be helpful in securing a robust, thriving nation of our dreams. For instance, research had shown that in 16 African countries, including Nigeria, less than 20 percent of women of reproductive age are acquainted with contraceptive methods, hence producing babies without restraints. Sensibly, an indisputable practicable panacea is family planning. By its ardent awareness, more women will practically have access to modern contraceptives, thereby reducing numbers of unintended pregnancy to the minimum.  In other words, promoting family planning is a desideratum in addressing population upsurge. Similarly, sensitizations to diets and having small families to cater for will reduce child malnutrition to the bare minimum.  By Carl Umegboro, 08023184542 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!