Lagos Water Corporation in the Onikan area of Lagos State was gutted by fire on Thursday as a result of a suspected underground gas or petrol facility believed to be a pipeline. This happened barely 24 hours that fire surged the city of Onitsha destroying goods worth millions of naira and claiming several lives, and killing a woman and her child. The scene of the fire incident Tribune Online gathered that officials of the Federal Fire Service, Lagos State Emergency Management (LASEMA) Response Team, Lagos State Fire Service, and Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA) collaborated to battle the fire incident at the Corporation in Onikan roundabout, Onikan area of Lagos Island and put it under control. Experts, groups want new NDDC board to supervise audit Reps query N127bn power budget allocation Convicted cyber fraudster not our student ― MAPOLY Gunmen abduct head teacher, two others in Kaduna ALSO READ: Gunmen abduct head teacher, two others in Kaduna The LASEMA Public Affairs Officer, Nosa Okunbor had confirmed that the agency and other responders were still battling the fire incident at the Water Corporation around 6:42 p.m. The firefighters rescuing the situation He said that the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) had confirmed that there is an unidentified gas pipeline passing through the area which had caused the fire eruption. Nosa added that the fire was reportedly discovered to have been ignited from different places on the ground inside and outside the water corporation complex, adding that no life was lost and no record of injury in the fire incident. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....