The Oyo State chapter of the African Democratic Party (ADC) has rejected a communiqué recently issued by a group claiming to be representing the interest of the party, saying such “group of drowning political scavengers” is only out to curry favour from Governor Seyi Makinde. ADC urged Governor Makinde to be wary of those it called sycophants milling around in the name of ADC to get appointments to satisfy their political desire. In a statement signed by its state secretary publicity secretary, Alhaji Wasiu Emiola and Mr Bimpe Adelowo respectively, the party said the purported communiqué of the expanded state executive meeting of the party did not emanate from the party and did not reflect the deliberations at the meeting. The statement said ADC’s participation in the coalition government led by Governor Makinde had not in any way rendered the party a surrogate to another party, adding contrary to the claim in the communiqué by the group, ADC had been holding its meetings with a view to repositioning it for future elections. ALSO READ: Another petrol tanker falls in Onitsha Nasarawa gov directs school principals to stop charging fees Ganduje wants death penalty for kidnappers in Kano State #CashAndcarryPrison: Aregbesola lauds Fisayo Soyombo,… Borno re-introduces monthly sanitation after 26 years “There was nowhere the state executive has ever misrepresented the position of ADC by saying we are looking for an alternative to Governor Makinde. Our interest as a party is primarily about serving the people of the state for their maximum benefit. “This is one reason ADC is participating in the coalition government and we are in full support of every good programme initiated and implemented by Governor Makinde. “However, we want to state that participating in the coalition government has not rendered ADC a surrogate to another party. We must, therefore, organise and rebuild our party to make it viable and formidable to contribute meaningfully to the coalition government for the benefit of the people. “We are not unaware of the fact that not every member of the coalition parties will be appointed for one position or another. But instead of putting Governor Makinde under pressure to accommodate every member, we would rather structure ADC to help the coalition government succeed. “The era of the structure and organs of the party being controlled from the room corner of elders or leaders has gone for good. Leaders and elders are members of the party and are our invaluable assets. It is therefore important for our members to imbibe the principle of party supremacy,” the statement said. While commending Governor Makinde for the strides recorded in key sectors of the state, ADC urged him to be wary of “sycophants who are out for political appointments for their insatiable appetite.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!