Operatives of Operation Puff Adder attached to the Bayelsa State Police Command said it has arrested leaders of two kidnap gangs, Nelson Waripamo popularly known as Mandela and Jackson Dakolo, said to be terrorizing Yenagoa and its neighbouring communities. Waripamo, 34 years and Dakolo, 35 years, according to the police report, hail from Gbarantoru Community in Yenagoa Local Government Area of the State, and are said to be the kidnap gangs responsible for the various cases of armed robbery and high profile abduction, collecting ransom ranging from N5 million to N20 million. It was gathered that some members of their gangs include some wanted criminals terrorizing Azuzuama, Kokorose Communities in Southern Ijaw and Okobe Community in Rivers State. Tribune Online also gathered that Waripamo, who reside at Onopa area of the state capital and father of three children, is allegedly responsible for the May 26th abduction of Mrs Orela Oyibo, the 38 years old wife of Dr Charlse Oyibo, a lecturer in the state-owned University, Niger Delta University. It was gathered that the Waripamo led gang had stormed the home of the lecturer in Gbarantoru about 1:00 am and cut off the power generator line, broke into the apartment and kidnapped Mrs Oyibo when they discovered that her husband had escaped. ALSO READ:  Igbo Owu communal crisis: Court orders warring parties to embrace peace Ogun students demand N5m compensation for deceased family Court jails internet fraudster in Ilorin NDLEA arrests 65 suspects in Edo Sokoto villages hit by more than 150 bandits, several cows… According to a police source, the leader of the gang demanded a ransom of N300,000 without informing his members. “After the lecturer paid the ransom, he kept the money to himself. Some how, the other members of the gang found out later, and sold out their leader.” Explaining further, the police source said “Jackson Dakolo, who is a known social figure in Yenagoa, walked into the operational headquarters of the Operation Puff Adder to secure the release of his cousin arrested for armed robbery. “At the station, he was identified by one of the policemen who had initially seen him on the police wanted list. He is reportedly responsible for the 24th January abduction of a retired oil worker, Engineer Duncan Eke at St Peter Anglican Church in Igbedi Community in Southern Ijaw.” It was also gathered that the Dakolo led gang shot the clergy of the Anglican church in the leg while escaping with their victim and latter shot Duncan in the leg because his family was not willing to part with N70 million, being the ransom they demanded. “After 21 days in the kidnappers’ den, and series of his nude pictures taken to blackmail the family, a sum of N20m was collected. N10 million paid by the family and N10 million paid by Duncan upon his release and in fulfilment of his promise to sell off his bonds in the bank.” The police source said. When contacted for comments, the spokesman of the command, Asimin Butswat, confirmed the development and promising that details would be made available later. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!