The Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) officers from the Taraba Police Command allegedly attacked Mile-six, suburb of Jalingo and vandalised shops and other business centres in the area. The officers were also alleged to have arrested a brother to an operator of a beer parlour joint in the area, Paul Kamai. Kamai told journalists that the police laid siege on his joint vandalised chairs, tables, refrigerator, generator set, broke bottles and assaulted costumers who were relaxing in the joint. He explained how he was beaten to a pulp while the policemen took away his younger brother. An eyewitness who spoke to newsmen on Tuesday in Jalingo said that they heard police shooting sporadically in the air at exactly 7.30 am. Mr Bitrus Kumai said that members of the police team allegedly beat up anyone at sight and destroyed provision stores, beer parlour joints and several other business centres within the vicinity. IPPIS: ASUU, Accountant-General trade blame over October 31… Senate kicks against allocation of N600 million to… 2020 budget: Senators, reps commend Registrar as JAMB remits… Assault: He must sleep in cell before accepting his apology… ALSO READ: Minister expresses concern over funding of $962m new airport terminals Mr Thomas Audu, a provision shop owner lamented vandalisation of his shop while alleging that the team broke into his shop while he was attending to costumers and destroyed the entire shop. Audu, who showed our bruises on his body he got from the attack estimated the cost of damage on his shop at N300,000. He appealed to the state government to intervene in the matter to prevent its reoccurrence. Also, Mrs Blessing Aboki, a brukutu (local beer) seller who claimed to have been manhandled by the police team also alleged that the policemen damaged her pots and allowed her costumers to run away with her money. She estimated the cost of goods lost to be at N80,000. When reporters visited the community, it was deserted. When contacted, the state Police Public Relations Officer, David Misal, said that the youth in the area resisted the arrest of a notorious criminal in the area. He added that tension had subsided in the area. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!