In a bid to provide small business owners in the automotive retail industry with the requisite tools to scale, Nigeria’s largest digital automotive trading platform, Cars45; tech heavyweight, Google, Nigeria’s largest local search engine, VConnect and Nigeria’s first customer experience management platform, Omnibiz have organised a retail masterclass. The two-day Automotive Retail Masterclass which was held in Lagos between October 8 and 9, delivered an immersive learning experience for participants as it combined informative presentations and in-depth discussions by leading industry experts showcasing how to leverage technology for business growth and success. “We are driven by a mission to build an ecosystem that enhances and drives trade within Nigeria’s automotive sector. This masterclass is proof of that commitment. We are confident that there would be a massive adoption of smart ICT tools by small business owners and the exponential business growth that would follow,” said Mo Iyamu, VP, B2B Services, Cars45. GITEX 2019: Startups commend NITDA, request for more slots Airtel Africa announces partnership with Mastercard  to… YahClick, iSAT announce partnership agreement at NigeriaCom ATCON set to  evaluate Nigerian telecoms industry According to Mr Priya Amarnani, Head of Business Development, Omnibiz, “businesses on the verge of growth require internal structuring in order to compete with industry giants and deliver exceptional customer experience. In this masterclass, we did not just talk about the technology available for this but also showcased how it can be used to fast-track growth and longevity of SMEs.” Participants at the masterclass lauded the organisers, while expressing optimism that the insights gained at the event would have a positive multiplier effect on the economy as they have empowered to take their business to the next level. Known for creating everyday solutions for small business owners, Google My Business trainers provided training for the Masterclass, which is poised to help SMEs grow their digital footprint. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!