THE management of one of the nation’s mattress and other bedding products manufacturing companies, Mouka Nigeria Plc, has called for massive enlightenment  on foam usage, in the country, to enable foam users get maximum comfort while using their mattresses. The company’s Research and Development Manager, Mr Nwosuagwu Chimezie made this call in Lagos, during a tour of the company’s Ikeja facility. He stated that  such enlightenment had become imperative since a huge number of  foam users are still very ignorant of the mattress product that would best suit the purpose for which it is being bought. Benue killings: We are sorry, Miyetti Allah apologises on behalf of herdsmen to Benue govt According to him, the weight of the customer should be a major determinant of the type of foam such customer should purchase, since there are different mattresses for different body weights, adding that frequent mattress collapse usually occurs when the weight of such customer is heavier than the mattress. Foundation targets young school girls for entrepreneurship,… Nigeria’s marketing communications industry needs indigenous… Nigeria’s marketing communications industry needs indigenous… Foundation targets young school girls for entrepreneurship,… “For instance, it is not every mattress collapse that we see is due to factory error or as a result of poor quality of such mattress.  Most of the time, it is due to the fact that the customer did not take his time to purchase a mattress that suits his body weight. “And when that happens, besides resulting in mattress collapse, the customer is bound to have discomfort. That is why I think there is the need for real enlightenment as far as purchase and usage of mattresses are concerned,” he added. While using the tour to kick off activities marking the company’s six decades of doing business in Nigeria, its Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr Raymond Murphy reiterated the company’s determination to maintain its market leadership by providing quality products. He described the last 60 years of the company’s existence as  ‘a long and successful journey,’ adding that the company had, during the period been able to build an enduring brand with over 801 employees. Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!