Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo state, on Monday, decried the movement of facilities from the Maternal and Paediatric Centre, Jericho, Ibadan, for a “ceremonial commissioning” of the Abiola Ajimobi Maternal and Paediatric Centre, Olodo, Ibadan, by the immediate past administration. According to Makinde, the movement of facilities, worth millions of naira, away from a Jericho facility that was at 80 per cent completion amounted to a waste of resources. With the decision by the Ajimobi led government, Makinde lamented that the Jericho facility meant to inhabit the facilities were already falling apart and failed to offer the needed value to citizens of the state. Makinde, who made these remarks, during an inspection of the Jericho facility, however, assured that his administration will fix and complete the project by end of the year. Upon completion, he noted that the new facility will host staff of Jericho specialist hospital. He said the relocation of staff of Jericho specialist hospital to the new centre was informed by inadequate space at their current site. “The situation is almost like wasting the resources of the state. We have put in a lot of resources but we have not been able to derive any value for the citizens. NAFEST back to home of culture after 40 years ― Obaseki NNPC operating revenue drops by N15.69bn in July Sanwo-Olu, BATN foundation laud farmers’ role in food… Efficient service delivery panacea for economic recovery ―… ALSO READ: Kogi election: INEC settles for November 16 “This place is at 80 per cent completion but is already falling apart. It has to be occupied. They took all the equipment from here to do ceremonial commissioning at Olodo. “I believe you can fool some people all the time but it is difficult to fool all of the people all the time. It was the same story at OYRTMA. “This facility will be finished up and we take the movement of the people from Jericho specialist hospital here as an emergency. Our target is to accomplish that on or before the end of this year,” Makinde said. Makinde had earlier visited the proposed headquarters of the Oyo State Road Transport Management Agency (OYRTMA) assuring of commitment to fixing the place for conducive and secure operations. The location, when fixed,  he said will enhance operations of various governmental agencies dealing with road and transport management in the state. “We have to really make this place conducive so that you can do your work diligently. We will meet with police to make sure the place is secure and be diligent in dealing with truck drivers. We want them to buy into our vision of a cleaner and safer road,” Makinde added. Accompanying Makinde on the visits were state Commissioner for Health, Dr Bashir Bello; Chairman, OYRTMA, Dr Akin Fagbemi among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!