THE governorship candidate of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), Barr. Natasha Akpoti has said that she has not stepped down for governor Alhaji Yahaya Bello as speculated that she stepped down after meeting with incumbent governor Yahaya Bello camp. This was contained in a press statement issued by Odaudu Joel Minister, Director of Media and Spokesman, SDP Natasha/Khalid Campaign Organization which was made available to Nigerian Tribune in Lokoja on Monday. The statement read thus, “The Natasha/Khalid campaign organization unequivocally deny and squash this rumour as a figment of the feverish imagination of mischievous elements who are out to deceive the unsuspecting members of the public. “In as much as such rumour should be considered a “tale by moonlight” and would have passed as a comedy of the century, we need to set the record straight in order to ensure that the massive followers and supporters of Barr. Natasha and the unsuspecting public will not be misled by this poorly written script and fabricated rumour made in Taiwan. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/kogi-guber-election-pdp-cautions-apc-against-ethnic-politics/ Education: The Abiodun intervention in Ogun #SexForGrades scandal: Atiku says ‘It’s an… Fullrange microfinance bank offers loan to transporters SDP constitutes caretaker committee for party in Osun “It has become so delusional and unfortunate, that ample sponsored shameful fablers and cheap propaganda merchants of the Kogi State All Progressives Congress (APC) have desperately embarked on the concoction and spreading of trumped-up stories to malign and dent the image of political opponents. “We wish to categorically state here that our principal, Barr. Natasha Akpoti is a well-adjusted woman of high moral standards and has no reason to indulge in any clandestine seedy concession with incumbent Governor Yahaya Bello and the so-called power broking cabal in Aso Rock. “She is not a sell-out and will never betray the trust and faith of the good people of Kogi state rooting for her. On no condition will Natasha Akpoti ever turn her back on the very people to whom she has sworn to provide good governance and liberate from seemingly interminable maladministration in Kogi State, a status quo symmetrical with a quicksand which the suffering masses have been grappling so hard to wriggle out from. “We strongly reiterate that the candidacy of Natasha Akpoti is not a negotiable enterprise to be traded to the same elements that she is trying to liberate the impoverish and weary people of Kogi state from. “We hereby call on the online community and the general public to disregard the poorly manufactured lies being spread by the APC sponsored equivocating media mercenaries with their prevaricating hanging tongues. “Natasha Akpoti is in the Kogi gubernatorial race to win it and will never sell her conscience. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!