A Lagos Magistrate Court sitting in Igbosere, Lagos, has ordered the remand of three suspects; Saheed Oseni, Kabiru Adebanjo and Seun Abiodun, charged with attempted murder and illegal possession of firearms among other offences. The trio were arraigned before Magistrate K.K Awoyinka (Mrs), alongside 23 others, now at large, for charges bordering on conspiracy, attempted murder, threatening violence, forceful entry, illegal occupation of property, offences which are said to be contrary to Section 411 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. The defendants, all from Kekere progressive in Ikorodu area of Lagos State were said to have committed the alleged offence between October 5 and 8, 2019 at Igboti, Igboawa, Egan Ajeregun Igbo Muden and Orokuta in Ikorodu Local Government of Lagos State. ALSO READ:  Rate of domestic violence in Oyo frightening ― Oyo SGBVT Order Naira Marley to remove red bag from dock, EFCC asks… Army captures 2 Boko Haram commanders, 14 others Man faces trial for allegedly removing another man’s teeth Customs arrest 15 suspects in Adamawa for re-bagging foreign… Addressing the court, the prosecutor, Chief Superintendent of Police, Kehinde Oluwole, stated that necessary exhibits have been presented before the court arguing that the defendants were found in possession of dangerous weapons such as guns, cutlasses and axe among others. He stated that investigations are still ongoing and that the defendants would interfere with the investigation if not remanded in prison custody and prayed the court to remand the defendants pending legal advice from the Director of Public Prosecution (DPP), Lagos State. In her ruling, Magistrate Awoyinka ordered that the defendants be remanded in prison custody and adjourned the case till November 15, 2019, for mention. The court also issued a reproduction warrant against one Usman Owolabi also known as (Kamaru Balogun) from Kirikiri prison. Part of the charge read, “that you Saheed Oseni, Kabiru Adebanjo and Seun Abiodun all of Kekere progressive, Ikorodu area of Lagos state along with the following person; Mukaila Salawu, Idowu Erinfolami, Dada Doyin (a.k.a Sharpshooter), Ahmed Fomomeye, Gbenga Yoboro, Tunde Imoru, Lekan Eruidi, Adeleke Musilliu, Abbas Aderibigbe, Debo Asebodunwa, Tunde Adesoye, Keji Ogunkoya, Taiye Ota, Kehinde Ota (aka sharpshooter),Ade Taibat, Sandra Dalemo, Kamoru Balogun, Adeoye Sunday, Bode Ewuade, Goriola, Kayode Hassan, Abu Hassan (aka cobbler) and Suleiman Dalemo (now at large) on the 5th and 8th October, 2019 at Laye in Isiwu place known as Igboti, Igboawa, Egan Ajeregun, Igbo Muden and Orokuta in Ikorodu Local Government of Lagos state did conspire together to commit felony to wit: threatening violence, forceful entry, illegal occupation of property, attempted murder and illegal possession of firearms and thereby committed an offence contrary to section 411 of the criminal law of Lagos state, 2015.” The defendants were also said to be armed with gun, cutlasses, axe and other dangerous weapons and invaded the area at Laye in Isiwu place known as Igboti, Igboawa, Egan Ajeregun, Igbo Muden and Orokuta in Ikorodu Local Government of Lagos state and chased away prince Yinusa Jimoh Onayemi, Mumuni Ajao (aka Afonja), Isiaka Mutalibi Omoyeni, Gbenga Bolaji, Afolabi Gbolahan, Saliu Kazeem, Wasiu Bamidele, Sunday Ashiru Oderinde and others from the land and thereby committed an offence under Section 3 (4) (a) of the Lagos state properties protection, Law, 2016. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!