Experts in the field of journalism and racial relations have noted that xenophobia and intolerance must pave the way before effective African integration can be achieved. This was stated when Africa’s premier pro-liberty media outlet, African Liberty, held its October webinar on 27 October, 2019, with a discussion on tolerance among African countries. The event which was organised to proffer the way forward to liberate the African continent from xenophobia was hosted by African Liberty’s Managing Editor, Ibrahim Anoba. One of the speakers and Head of Strategic Engagements, South African Insitute of Race Relations, South Africa, Sara Gon, hinted that “a good percentage of the problems and challenges of Africa, xenophobia inclusive, are as a result of a dysfunction in policies.” She added that some of the underlying reasons for the xenophobic attacks in South Africa are superiority complex and pressure on resources. “Since Apartheid, there’s been somewhat of a superiority complex with South Africans, which is perceived as one of the causes of Xenophobia in South Africa,” Gon said. “There is a perceived pressure on resources and jobs and, of course, the South African economy is somewhat in distress; these explain the reasons for the Xenophobic attacks,” Gon said. Also speaking during the webinar, Editor of Tribune Online, the Nigerian Tribune online platform, Seyi Gesinde, expressed disappointment with the reactions of some Nigerians to the xenophobic attacks in South Africa, which led to the destruction and looting of SouthAfrican-owned businesses in Nigeria. “Nigerians are quick to take advantage of scenarios,” Gesinde said, adding that the looting of shops and stores owned by South Africans as a response to xenophobia is unwarranted. “Two wrongs do not make a right!” he said. Nasarawa gov directs school principals to stop charging fees Ganduje wants death penalty for kidnappers in Kano State #CashAndcarryPrison: Aregbesola lauds Fisayo Soyombo,… Borno re-introduces monthly sanitation after 26 years The two speakers, however, agreed that the two sides must show the political will to take actions against xenophobia. Gon added that: “Words have power, but policies have greater power. The least the leadership of Nigeria and South Africa can do about Xenophobia is speak out properly and vehemently against it, but this is still missing.” ALSO READ: Reps summon Customs, CBN, 5 others over alleged concession scam “Nigeria and South Africa must embrace classical liberal democracy and cut down on corruption excesses that are milking the economy. Criminalizing Xenophobia will not solve the problem. Xenophobia is trans-generational. We’ll need to explore more of ideological changes and boost economic growth to curtail Xenophobia.” She also explained that there are other ways to explore in stemming Xenophobia. “Trade must be strengthened, culture, music and sports will also break down negative attitudes,” she noted. Corroborating the South African speaker, Gesinde urged that South Africans must resist the urge to attack Nigerians as a result of unemployment; rather, they should charge the government to create a job. “That 29 per cent of South African people are currently unemployed doesn’t warrant Xenophobia. “Individuals need to invest in skill development government must make policies that will encourage the growth of businesses. Also, security infrastructures need to be strengthened for Nigerian businesses and individuals in South Africa as a long term action plan for development,” he added. Gesinde, however, urged the African Union to take an apolitical and vehement stand on issues in Africa. “The African Union has been silent enough, it’s high time they broke their silence,” he said. Muneer Yaqub is an Editorial Intern at African Liberty. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!