THE Ooni of Ife,  Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, has called on Nigerian journalists to do more of investigative journalism and be conscious of the importance of authenticity of news dissemination across the globe He made this call when the editorial board of Penpushing Media paid him a courtesy call in his palace at Ile-Ife, Osun State, adding that there was need to checkmate the activities of social media hamdlers, who have illegally turned themselves to emergence journalists. The royal father who announced his membership of   Penpushing  Whassap platform and endorsed its online newspapers, pointed out that, Nigeria is known to have produce best journalists across the globe and therefore task media practitioners to always be guided by the ethics of the profession. BREAKING: Kogi Deputy Gov Achuba impeached The traditional ruler appreciated the emergence of Penpushing in the media world, and advised its management and editorial board  to maintain its known quality and authenticity in news dissemination across the globe. Why Lagos is flooded: Atlantic Ocean full, can’t take… More trouble for Lagos-Ibadan Expressway users Presidency to spend N82.2m on sewage in 2020 •Budgets N463.6… Oyo to construct N8bn Iwo Road interchange in 11 months Oba Ogunwusi expressed optimism that with the emergence of Penpushing in the media industry the organisation will go a long way, adding that, ‘the type of journalism you practice is what we need to flush out the menace of social media, which now made almost everybody a journalist. I want you to keep up your known quality and authenticity in news gathering and dissemination across the globe’, “For you in Penpushing, your record is fantastic and I am openly saying this, I am glad to be part of you, and you should take me for my support at any time. I also acknowledge the reputable team of the editorial board. I will also advise you do more of investigative journalism,” the royal father said. The monarch, while further praying for positive growth of Penpushing pledge to be part of the organisation’s 4th anniversary lecture in 2020, assuring that the date would be accommodate in his itinerary The leader of the team, Eddy Aina earlier in his speech gave the background of the emergence of Penpushing as well as feat recorded so far within the three years of existence of the media organization while also explaining other future plans to keep it going. “It started as a platform for members of diverse interests and callings and it has over 256 members across the globe which include; journalists, media analysts, lawyers, broadcasters, engineers, opinion leaders, academia, traditional rulers, military, religious leaders and professional bodies among others,” Aina said Aina, a former Director, National Broadcasting Commission(NBC) expressed the team’s appreciation to the traditional ruler for his unalloyed support for journalism and media practitioners in the country, adding that, “as the country’s foremost Ambassador image maker and King of Africa, you have been the rallying point of Africans at home and in diaspora showcasing Nigeria’s rich culture, her potentials in Africa and the world and her capacity for greatness.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....