MORE residents of Lokoja, Koton Karfe and some adjoining communities in Kogi State have been sacked from their houses by ravaging floods from the River Niger, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) has reported. A NAN correspondent, who visited some of the affected areas in Lokoja and Koton Karfe on Wednesday, reported that the worst hit were the people living on the river bank and flood paths. Residents were seen moving their personal belongings from their houses at the New Adankolo layout, Hausa quarters and opposite the 400-units Housing Estate area in Lokoja. It was also observed that many houses in Koton Karfe, including the state High Court premises, had been submerged by flood. One of the victims at Hausa quarters area, Mrs Aisha Abubakar, said that the flood came over the night, stressing that her husband’s vigilance had saved the entire family from being swept away. ALSO READ: Two children die in Ondo flood JUST IN: Police rescue 15 chained inmates in Lagos church,… 2 children abducted in Gombe, rescued in Anambra FCT demolishes illegal toilet structures in Nyanya market Body of man buried 41 years ago found intact in Ondo Another victim, Mallam Hussein Baba, said that he noticed a sudden rise in the level of water in River Niger on October 28 and started making preparations to evacuate his family. The Executive Secretary of the State Emergency Management Agency, Mr Julius Mejiyan, confirmed that flood had sacked many residents from their homes in Lokoja, Koton Karfe, Ibaji, Igalamela, Ajaokuta and other areas of the state. Although Mejiyan said that no camp had been put in place to accommodate those displaced, he, however, added that efforts would be made to establish camps in the next few days. He said that officials from the agency had visited the flood-ravaged areas to assess the level of damage and get the data of victims. The executive secretary also stated that an interim report had been forwarded to the headquarters of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) in Abuja, for necessary action. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!