The Registrar Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN), Professor Segun Ajiboye has disclosed that the Council has successfully conducted the October Diet of the Professional Qualification Examination. Ajiboye also revealed that a total number of 69,123 persons registered for the October diet of the Professional Qualifying Examination. The Examination was successfully conducted and concluded in 46 out of the 47 centres nationwide. While the exam was successfully held and concluded at the LAUTECH centre in Oyo state, Professor Ajiboye stated that the exam failed to hold in University of Ibadan DLC centre Ibadan due to the uncontrollable behaviour of the candidates. Ekiti secures over $100m for airport, three other projects Egg day: Animal Care unveils 3 innovations in egg branding NLTP implementation: FG declares support for Bauchi UPDATE: Petrol on sale at Futga Filling Station in Delta not… ALSO READ: Ekiti secures over $100m for airport, three other projects He stated that the examination coordinators deployed to the state reported that all necessary arrangements were made for the candidates in two centres in Oyo State- UI DLC and LAUTECH Ogbomoso. However, the behaviour of the candidates at the Ibadan centre forced the coordinators to suspend it till further notice. According to him “Reports from across the country indicate the exam went without hitches. In the Abuja Centre where the Permanent Secretary Federal Ministry of Education Arc Sunny Echono monitored the exam over 4000 candidates wrote the exam between yesterday Friday, October 11 and today October 12th successfully.” Professor Ajiboye has vowed to look into the happenings at the centre with a view to remedying such in the future while candidates are assured of alternative date for the exam to be announced. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!