The management of Orb solutions has expressed appreciation to the Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde over the appointment of its Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Bayo Akande as the Special Assistant on Information Communication Technology (ICT)/e-governance to the governor. This was contained in a statement signed by the General Manager of Orb Solutions, Mrs. Margaret Ajibade. According to the statement, the management of Orb also “affirmed confidence in the ability and dexterity of Mr Akande to bring his wealth of experience to bear in promoting the course of good governance in Oyo State in line with the vision, mandate and policy thrust of the Governor Seyi Makinde-led administration.” The statement also commended the ingenuity of Governor Seyi Makinde for infusing young minds with great drive and enthusiasm into his administration to work with him in lifting the bar of governance and impacting the lives of the people in the state. Kolawole-led Kogi Assembly threat to democracy ― PDP Lagos-Badagry Expressway: Lawmaker sends SoS to FG Kogi guber: Key into Bello’s re-election agenda to… Ondo govt denies unconditional release of traditional ruler… ALSO READ: Kogi guber: Key into Bello’s re-election agenda to secure your future ― Adeyemi The statement reads “we believe Mr Bayo Akande has got the requisite capacity to carry out whatever responsibilities bestowed on him in line with his office satisfactorily. “With a successful private -sector driven zeal, our CEO has carved a niche for himself in pushing our company to a greater height. We remain convinced that his office as the special assistant on Information Communication Technology (ICT)/e-governance would contribute immensely in bridging the gap between the government and the governed.” The statement also noted that the loyalty, commitment and the team player spirit of Mr Akande would never become a subject of doubt or speculation at any point in time particularly as he discharged his assignments. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!