Ahead of the governorship elections in Kogi and Bayelsa states slated for November 16, national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC)  Comrade Adams Oshiomhole has called on his party faithful to be vigilant. Speaking while inaugurating the campaign committees for Bayelsa and Kogi states,  Comrade Oshiomhole claimed that votes of the electorates in the south South State have never count. He fingered the main opposition party,  and the ruling party in the state, the People’s Democratic Party for the alleged electoral malfeasance. He described the APC candidate, David Lyon as a formidable candidate. He said: “The people need somebody who understands them and has lived with them. Somebody that even without a story of the dynasty can rise to become governor. “We know the people of Bayelsa want a change. God’s willing the change will come November 16. “This time, the votes must count because Bayelsa is not used to vote counting.” Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Secondus commiserates with victims of Onitsha inferno On Kogi, Oshiomhole said a fresh mandate for the incumbent governor, Yahaya Bello would be a golden opportunity for the latter to regain lost grounds. ALSO READ: Secondus commiserates with victims of Onitsha inferno “We are proud of what he has achieved. The benefits of continuity are that it allows to correct errors of the past and improve on your successes.” Kaduna state governor and chairman of the Kogi state campaign council,  Mallam Nasir El-Rufai said the committee members would relocate to Kogi to organise and reconcile members. “With a focus of unity and purposes, we will deliver Kogi this time with a wider margin. “I will ask members of the committee to relocate to Kogi until the Peoples Democratic Party’s coffin is nailed and buried.” His counterpart for the Bayelsa campaign council and Kano state governor,   Abdullahi Ganduje who represented the Jigawa state governor, Mohammed Badaru said the APC was determined to take over Bayelsa from PDP. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....