Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has said the state government would urgently address the collapsing Ureje bridge in Ado-Ekiti in collaboration with the federal ministry of works and housing. Fayemi, who spoke while carrying out an inspection of the flood-ravaged bridge which led to the death of one traveller and some other flooded areas in Ado-Ekiti on Wednesday evening,  said his government has already swung into action with some remedial measures to ensure the flood no longer cause further havoc on the people of the state. He said the bridge was too small to contain the high flow of water during heavy downpour, adding that though the road belonged to the Federal Government, the state government would not hesitate to ensure that something urgently was done to ameliorate the situation and save the lives of people passing through the road. ALSO READ: Third term agenda: PDP cautions, berates APC, Buhari Presidency The governor disclosed that he had already contacted the Federal Minister of Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola SAN, who had promised to ensure that something was done urgently to address the issue. Zulum approves N26m for Borno students in Saudi Land border will remain closed ― Ali tells NASS Don, others bag awards at MGS 40th anniversary Minimum wage: We can’t guarantee industrial peace… He said:  “It is good you accepted that this is a federal government road, but for us, we don’t make a distinction between federal and state roads because at the end of the day it is Ekiti people who ply this road regularly. We do not have a choice than to take remedial measure, that is our concern and that is why we reacted to it the way we did yesterday by mobilising into this place to ensure that at least we allow for safe passage. “But clearly, a much more comprehensive measure has to be taken. This culvert cannot withstand the flow of water, it’s too small, there is no rain now, look at the flow, so imagine what will happen if there is heavy downpour in this area, it will totally overflow the entire culvert. So, we do not have a choice than to take remedial measures that we have taken but the remedial measure could not do. “I spent a great deal of time speaking to the Federal Minister of Works yesterday about this, and while he thanked us for taking the measures we’ve taken, he also acknowledged the fact that they have to do their part. They have awarded the road, but I don’t think the bridge was included in the work that they did, that’s why I asked the federal controller to join me, and I am sure he will report back to his own ministry on the effort that is being taken. “We have the Federal Polytechnic, you have the Afe Babalola University, you would also note that this is the route to the Knowledge Zone. So for us, it is a priority that this road is properly addressed so that whether it’s the Airport or the Knowledge Zone, all of those facilities that are very dear to us in the state, we don’t want to lose any of such and it’s absolutely important that we do our own part and we would continue to do it. “We would still come and take additional measures because bureaucracy would not necessarily allow the federal government what they are supposed to do in the shortest possible time.” How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.