Stephanie Oduenyi, a fashionista is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Makani Couture.In this piece she writes about body shaming, the practice of making critical, potentially humiliating comments about someone’s body size or the weight which she says is evil and urged everyone to be comfortable about their body.  I have always been a confident girl thanks to my upbringing and education. Confident yes, but when it came to my body, I have always had my own reservations as I was a chubby child. I used to shy away from trying out certain types of clothes or even activities. So definitely, body shaming is something I never allow to get to me at all. We all know where our imperfection lies and we try to either cover it up or simply live life as it comes. No one created themselves right? So how can someone already aware of their flaws still face body shaming on a regular basis? Sad right? The truth is that women who do not fit into the “perfect” body type not only have difficulty finding clothes but also suffer from psychological damage from BODY SHAMING that may even take years to undo. Jubilation in Anambra Community over Chidoka’s court victory Funny enough, no matter who body shaming comes from, it can be hurtful. You can be body-shamed by strangers, by people online, even by close friends and family members. Everyone is susceptible to body shaming,  you can be body shamed for your size, your hairstyle, your skin colour or what you look like, just to name a few. However,  regardless of what you are body shamed about, get rid of it. You need to love who you are and love yourself. Take my word for it, all girls are self-conscious and have a few things and more they would love to change their bodies. It’s time to embrace your curves, your lumps and bumps, your tummy, your thighs,  stretch marks, fat arms,  side folds and so on. Embrace all of them. You are the whole package and you are beautiful! Believe it. Yes, you are. Be humble with your success to keep your home —Dr Bolanle… We need to educate our children on the benefits and dangers… Putting an end to wife battering A woman should choose a job that will allow her to make… Keep in mind that acceptance and love for your body as it is doesn’t mean that you can’t still work toward health goals. However, when you work toward those goals with love, support, and compassion for yourself, you’re more likely to get there, and you’re definitely going to be happier along the way and beyond those goals. It’s hard to be grateful to your body when you’re ashamed of it, and you wish it were different.  Especially in this era of everyone going under the knife to get that “perfect” body. Please remember that there are always things about your body to be thankful for. Your body keeps you alive, your body carries you every day, and your body protects you in many ways. Your body has survived a lifetime of events so far. Think about what your body does for you, instead of what you wish it did for you. Take time to thank your body for all that it does. Lastly, if you have experienced body shaming or not you were raised with body negativity and you are ready to take steps to turn those feelings around, the good news is it’s not too late. You can overcome your body image issues with this  three simple steps : *Focus on your body’s health, not looks * Break the cycle or the feeling of body negativity. *Show your beautiful body some love. IG :@makanicouture  Nigerian Tribune  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!