In furtherance of his efforts to commiserate with victims of the petrol tanker explosions in Ochanja Market and Omagba, Onitsha, the Senator representing Anambra South, Dr Patrick Ifeanyi Ubah on Friday visited the scenes of the explosions and survivors who are presently receiving treatment at Toronto Hospital Onitsha. The Senator who moved straight to the scenes immediately after his return from Abuja urged the marketers to keep hope alive as efforts are already in place to give them every necessary assistance. He further informed them that he is relentlessly working towards a Bill that will prevent such tragedy across the country in the future. In their response, the marketers who jubilated upon sighting the Anambra South Senator thanked him for his efforts so far in promoting the Igbo economy. They further said that the Senator’s visit is a big relief to them because he has given them more reason to keep hope alive. The marketers who spoke through their leaders further described Senator Ubah as a big blessing to Anambra State and urged him to keep the good works up. After addressing residents and marketers at the scenes of the explosions, Senator Ubah went to Toronto Hospital Onitsha to sympathize with the survivors who are receiving treatment. At the hospital, the Senator prayed God to grant them quick recovery and informed them that he has already donated two million naira for their treatment and that a register has been opened for them under the Ifeanyi Ubah Foundation to offset their medical bills and feeding costs. Senator Ubah who also sympathized with families of those that lost their loved ones to the incidents prayed God to grant the souls of the deceased eternal rest and to also grant their families the fortitude to bear the irreplaceable loss. In their response, the marketers who jubilated upon sighting the Anambra South Senator thanked him for his efforts so far in promoting the Igbo economy. They further said that the Senator’s visit is a big relief to them because he has given them more reason to keep hope alive. The marketers who spoke through their leaders further described Senator Ubah as a big blessing to Anambra State and urged him to keep the good works up. Senator Ubah further visited Elite Club Onitsha who donated all the water used in extinguishing the flames caused by the tanker explosion that occurred early Friday morning in Omagba. At the visit, he thanked them for their service to humanity and assured them reiterated his zeal to put measures that will put petrol tanker explosions to anHopes high as Ifeanyi Ubah visits Onitsha, vows to put measures that will end petrol tanker explosion in Nigeria. ALSO READ: Oyo to construct N8bn Iwo Road interchange in 11 months Senator Ubah further visited Elite Club Onitsha who donated all the water used in extinguishing the flames caused by the tanker explosion that occurred early Friday morning in Omagba. At the visit, he thanked them for their service to humanity and assured them reiterated his zeal to put measures that will put petrol tanker explosions to an end in the country. end in the country. UNILORIN win 3rd JAMB tertiary institutions football tourney FG did not reject our offer to repair federal roads linking… Gowon harps on industrialisation to drive export Buhari charges new Odole Oodua, Kessington Adebutu on… In the same development, the President- General of Ohaneze Ndi Igbo Chief Nnia Nwodo has expressed disappointment over the attitude of Government agencies towards the handling of Onitsha tanker’s explosion. Nwodo expressed his displeasure and disappointment on Friday, when he visited Ochanja market in Onitsha to commiserate with the traders and people of Anambra state over the unfortunate incident that claimed many lives and property worth billions of Naira. He said he was pained mostly that after two days , the fire was still raging, no government agent found it necessary to be at the scene to totally put off the fire and cordon off the area that were affected. “One would have expected that the fire service, ministry of works and other government agencies ought to have been here now so that the buildings that are damaged, likely fell down anything, are cordoned off with rebions,  so that we do not have another causality. I am disappointed more also that some people who are paid to do their duties are not doing them” he lamented. He commended the Delta state government fire service for its magnanimity in saving the situation that would have consumed the entire market. He urged the governments of Anambra and Delta states to send their fire service to the Ochanja market to quench the still-raging fire and to take precautionary measures to avert further disaster. He promised to do a letter to the  Anambra state government so that those who lost their belongings in the inferno were adequately assisted to begin a new life, while those that died are giving befitting burials. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....