There was wild jubilation in Shariffai Quarters, Unguwar Rogo area Gangaren ‘Yankaji and that of Tudun Wada area behind Rima Radio Broadcasting House, Sokoto, following the restoration of water supply to areas by the state water board. The concerned residents gave a pass mark to the Sokoto State Water Board for showing concern to their plight over the non-availability of water hitherto experienced. Speaking with journalists, ward of Unguwar Shariffai, Alhaji Sani Mahuta and representative of Ward Head of Unguwar Rogo, Gangaren ‘Yankaji and that of Tudun Wada behind Rima Radio Broadcasting House, Alhaji Muhammadu Tureta, as well as other residents of the areas made the commendations while appreciating Sokoto State government for restoration of water supply to their respective areas after spent two years without water. They stated this while receiving a team of the board led by its Acting General Manager, Alhaji Sama’ila Sanda Umar, who visited the areas to assess the level of water supply there. They described that the restoration of water in the area has clearly demonstrated the state government’s commitment to providing social amenities to the citizenry in every nooks and crannies of the state. According to them for about two years ago, the affected communities are buying water from water vendors, but now they are enjoying available water supply daily from the state water board. Russia – Africa Summit: Buhari’s achievements, mission fully… Adamawa LG election rescheduled, to hold Dec 7 Kidnapped teacher, six students regain freedom in Kaduna Lagos-Ibadan Rail: CCECC assures of engineering solutions to… They, therefore, pledged judicious utilisation of the water and to remain prayerful to the current administration for its success. ALSO READ:  Russia – Africa Summit: Buhari’s achievements, mission fully accomplished ― Presidency Reacting, the Acting General Manager of the State Water Board Alhaji Sama’ila Sanda Umar, explained that new additional water line was reticulated and flushed the blockage ones from Mabera Water Pumping Station to ensure the supply of a higher volume of water to the benefiting areas. He noted that the work was conducted due to support and encouragement the board enjoyed from the state Ministry of Water Resources towards ensuring a constant water supply to all people of the state. Alhaji Sama’ila Sanda Umar reiterated the board’s determination to provide adequate efficient water to the people, therefore solicited the support and understanding from people by prompt payment of their water rate, safeguarding water facilities in their domains and reporting any problems for necessary action. The Acting General Manager emphasized that this would enable the board to serve them better as well as compliment the state government huge investment in the water sector. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!