After teasing her 6.8 million fans early in the month about the coming of a new deal, the former Special Senior Adviser to the Kogi State governor and Nollywood star actress, Mercy Johnson-Okojie, has announced the finalisation of a new deal with Chi Limited’s prime brand Hollandia Evap Milk on social media during the week. A recent post of the people’s actress standing behind a Hollandia Evap Milk background, product in hand surfaced online generating massive congratulations from fans, industry colleagues and a rare, but unique note by Prince Okojie, himself, the husband of the talented Nollywood ace thespian. Prince Odi Okojie’s “Congrats babes…keep soaring” was quickly followed by a love emoji and “With you by my side, the sky is a starting point… Thank you, My Love” from Mercy Johnson-Okojie. FG says no plan to remove fuel subsidy Chi Limited brand also made an official statement on Wednesday announcing Mercy Johnson-Okojie as its new brand ambassador, although it did not disclose the financial clause of the deal. When Ebenezer Obey donated archival works to FCE, Osiele… Kizz Daniel empowers, fights against abuse with  “Pak N Go” Syndik8 events & PR launched in Ibadan Saraki, Mohammed Babangida back on the roll In a statement made available to Saturday Tribune, the Managing Director, Mr Deepanjan Roy stated that the actress “Perfectly embodies Hollandia Evap Milk’s all-rounder brand proposition as an accomplished actress, wife and mother. “With this partnership, she will be able to share how the brand has enabled her achieve goals on multiple fronts, while inspiring consumers who aspire to do same. US, Turkey reach ceasefire deal in Syria “Through her versatility, Mercy Johnson-Okojie would bring her lifestyle choices and influence to bear to fully relate the nutritious benefits of this wholesome all-rounder Hollandia Evap Milk to every member of the family. We are thrilled to have her as our Hollandia Evap Milk Brand Ambassador,” he said. “I am excited to be a part of the Holliandia Evap Milk family and I cannot wait to show you guys what we have been up to,” the multiple award winning actress wrote as part of her response to the new endorsement deal.   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....