Kano State governor, Abddulai Ganduje, On Saturday, waded into the circumstances surrounding the death of an eight-year-old boy, Hassan Sulaiman, who was said to have been beaten to death by a corps member serving in Bebeji Local Government Area of the state. The governor, who led some members of the state Executive Council and elders to the residence of the victim’s parents, called for calm and urged the family to accept the incident as the will of God. Governor Ganduje also urged the community to accept the incident as the will of God and be law-abiding just as he assured the people that he would ensure that incident is properly investigated. While reacting to the death, the coordinator of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in the state, Alhaji Ladan Baba, debunked rumours doing the rounds that the boy was beaten to death by the corps member, saying the boy came into NYSC’s lodge to pluck fruits. ALSO READ: Corps member did not beat Almajiri boy to death ― NYSC Nothern elder advises Igbo on how to clinch Presidency in… EFCC budgets N42.3m to rent offices Benue killings: We are sorry, Miyetti Allah apologises on… How Orkar coup opened our eyes in the North — Adamu Fika Speaking with Sunday Tribune, father of late Hassan, Alhaji Sulaiman Aliyu, said his son and friends used to visit the NYSC Lodge to collect fruits. He noted that corps members love children and freely distribute the fruits to them, adding that on that fateful day, “after they had given them on Thursday, Hassan went back for more but this particular member got angry. “He beat my boy, hit his head on the wall and kicked him several times.” Mr Aliyu said they refused to revenge because they believe in the will of God, adding that the family was certain that government would ensure justice is served. Commenting on the incident, the image-maker of the state police command, DSP Abdullahi Haruna Kiyawa, confirmed that the corps member had been arrested while the case had been transferred to the Criminal Investigations Department (CID) for further investigation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!