The House of Representatives has assured Nigerians of its resolve towards improving the country’s global index rating through effective implementation of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) programmes across the country. Chairman, House Committee on SDGs, Honourable Rotimi Agunsoye who gave the assurance at the inaugural meeting of the Committee in Abuja, pledged the Committee’s readiness to carry out its oversight functions for effective service delivery to the Nigerian people. According to him, some of the set objectives include to end poverty in all its forms by 2030 of people earning below $1.25 a day, end hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition; ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages as well as reduce global maternal mortality ratio to less than 70% per 100,000 lives birth, ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote life-long learning opportunities for all by 2030, among others. Honourable Agunsoye who pledged the Committee’s readiness to improve Nigeria’s global index rating in the next four years harped on the need for synergy between government at all levels and civil society organisations in achieving the SDGs goals. “Needless to say, although our country on her own is facing her own internal and external challenges, we as elected members of the legislature are committed to advancing towards the new relationship that will emerge between us as a Committee and all SDGs related bodies across board. ALSO READ:  Sex for grade: TUC seeks death penalty for abuse of young girls “Today, we all stand together at this crossroads to national development, we must remain united in our collective task on how to confront our common and admittedly monumental challenges of Sustainable Development Goals. We must all not forget the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs 17) benchmarks to measure the progress to be achieved in our country within our tenure. “The 17 Sustainable Development Goals, with their 169 targets form the core of the 2030 agenda. They balance the economic, social and ecological dimensions of sustainable development and place the fight against poverty and sustainable development on the same agenda for the first time. “The SDGs are to be achieved around the world and by all UN member states, by 2030. This means that all states are called upon equally to play their part in finding solutions to the world’s urgent challenges. Our nation, Nigeria is also required to implement the goals on a national basis. “In addition, incentives are to be created to encourage non-government actors to make an increasingly active contribution to sustainable development,” the lawmaker stressed. While stressing that the SDGs Goals remain the blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all, Honourable Agunsoye affirmed that there is a need for rigorous oversight function by the Committee. “The committee’s coverage role as a body will continue to involve us as partner and member software institutional partnership, bringing along other partners to fill gaps. Especially, the private sector, civil societies and other stakeholders in the journey to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals for our people. “At our country-level, we hope each year will bring new challenges and opportunities for engagement. We shall ensure to oversight all programmes as constitutionally designed in our national budget and to commit to a full and total implementation for the benefits of the entire Nigerian people. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!