Former governorship candidate of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr Jimi Agbaje, has expressed deep sorrow over the death of General Mobolaji Johnson, describing him as a man of impeccable and unassailable character who laid the foundation for modern Lagos. Agbaje said this on Thursday in a release made available to newsmen, describing the death of the elder statesman and first military governor of Lagos as painful. The PDP chieftain said Lagos State was blessed to have been nurtured at its inception by such a visionary, selfless and creative mind, even as he further described the deceased as a unique administrator with a catalogue of enduring structures and legacies during his tenure as the military governor. “He was a unique administrator with a catalogue of enduring structures and legacies during his tenure as the military governor of a place that served the twin capacities of a brand new state and the nation’s Federal Capital,” Agbaje recalled. ALSO READ: Kwara Assembly confirms 16 commissioner nominees Nasarawa gov directs school principals to stop charging fees Ganduje wants death penalty for kidnappers in Kano State #CashAndcarryPrison: Aregbesola lauds Fisayo Soyombo,… Borno re-introduces monthly sanitation after 26 years According to him, the late Johnson will be remembered as a “gentleman’s gentleman” and a benevolent officer who refused to abuse his office. “His laudable achievements in Lagos will forever remain memorable. General Mobolaji Johnson leaves behind a good name indeed,” Agbaje said. While describing the late former military governor as a sympathetic soldier, an astute businessman, a philanthropist per excellence, Johnson was in a class of his own, the PDP chieftain prayed that God would grant the state and his family the fortitude to bear the pain of his demise. He said that despite Johnson’s vantage position and vast resources at his disposal, he remained an incorruptible, altruistic and creative administrator, “a fact attested by probe panels that cleared him after the military putsch of General Murtala Muhammed swept away the General Yakubu Gowon regime that appointed the former governor.” “He engineered many of the enduring infrastructures and roads that remain the hallmark of Lagos State in these five decades of its inception,” Agbaje said. Urging the country’s political class to imbibe the selflessness that earmarked Johnson’s regime, Agbaje lamented that the country would have recorded greater developments had leaders continued along the patriotic paths laid by the likes of the late General. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!