The National Universities Commission (NUC) is set for the verification visit to Lead City University, Ibadan, preparatory to the commencement of the doctorate degree programme in computer science of the institution. The vice-chancellor of the university, Prof Kabiru Adeyemo, said this at the opening of the second edition of the department of computer science conference, held at the Lead City International Conference Centre. He said the team is expected to verify the facilities and infrastructure already put in place by the institution to enable it to start the programme. According to him, the university was poised to contribute to the development of Information Communication Technology (ICT) to enhance the socio-economic advancement of the country. The vice-chancellor added that apart from the verification visit to the department of computer science, the accreditation team of the NUC would also be in the university for law programme. ALSO READ: Ekiti varsity staff rapes 12-year-old own daughter Nasarawa gov directs school principals to stop charging fees Ganduje wants death penalty for kidnappers in Kano State #CashAndcarryPrison: Aregbesola lauds Fisayo Soyombo,… Borno re-introduces monthly sanitation after 26 years The national president of the Nigeria Computer Society, who was also the keynote speaker at the conference, Prof Adesina Sodiya, noted that ICT has positively impacted many aspects of life in Nigeria. Delivering the lecture titled: “Impact of ICT Diffusion in the Nigerian Economy”, he said the Nigerian economy had tremendously improved with the application of ICT. Sodiya, whose lecture was delivered by an associate professor of computer science in the University of Ibadan, Oluwaseyitanfunmi Osunade, said agriculture, telecommunication, education, tourism, music and many more had developed because of the coming of ICT. Speaking about the diffusion of ICT in Nigeria, he said: “There is a clear North-South divide for both internet and mobile diffusion. Both North-West and North-East zones sit at the bottom of the rankings whereas South-West, propelled by both Lagos and Ogun, and North-Central, where FCT is located, are well ahead of the rest.” The head of department of computer science in the institution, Dr Philip Achimugu, explained that the conference was designed to further provide knowledge for the people in the sector. He said the conference with the theme, “data science and its application”, was to determine tools and applications that can be implemented in order to enhance information dissemination and service delivery in the Nigerian economy. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!