Several residents of the coastal communities in Ese Odo Local Government Area of Ondo State, including Igbotu, the hometown of the mother of the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu have been sacked from their homes following several days of the heavy downpour resulting in a flood. Some of the communities which included Igbobini, Iluagbo, Sabome, Inikorogha, Oboro, Ojuala, Ipoke and Igbekebo, the headquarters of the local government, where hundreds of houses were submerged, rendering thousands of the people in the area homeless. Igbotu community, where the Deputy Chief of Staff to the Governor, Dr Jimi Kufo and the Chairman of Eseodo Local Government, Mr Omolewa Ojo hailed from was submerged with water while commercial activities had been paralysed for days following the torrential rain. Apart from this, many of the residents of the area have been living under canopies erected by the community leaders where residents take shelter on the major roads in the town. Besides, all the roads linking the communities including Igbobini-Irele road had been cut off forcing the people to use a canoe to access their destinations. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Dino Melaye loses as Appeal Court orders fresh election Some of the residents who are mainly from Apoi have been living in churches, schools and roads as their houses have been ravaged by the flood. Speaking, Chairman of the Local Government, Mr Omolewa Ojo, said the anguish of the residents started after days of torrential rain which resulted in a flood Oyo APC berates Makinde, Speaker over controversial N7.6b… I don’t own a single share in KAEDCO ― Namadi Sambo NNPC seals $2.5bn gas supply deal with NLNG Lagos conducts screening exercise for intending christian… He confirmed that thousands of residents within the local government have been rendered homeless following the havoc wreaked by the flood. He said many of the residents were trapped in their houses but were evacuated with canoes while schoolchildren were prevented from going to school since Wednesday. The local government chairman who solicited for State government assistance said millions of property were lost to the flood. The chairman explained that he had visited most of the affected areas but called for state government intervention to help the victims of the flood disaster. “This year’s flood was exceptional and I don’t think we have experienced this kind of disaster in this area. Many of the houses were submerged with water, destroying property. “We appreciate God that no lives were lost in the flood. Our people have been rendered homeless and we need to take steps to urgent steps because commercial and social activities had been paralyzed here” The Deputy Chief of Staff to the Governor, Kufo said the State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) would soon distribute relief materials to the people. Kufo cautioned people against building their house along the canal just as he warned against indiscriminate dumping of refuse on waterways. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!