Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State has put an end to the eight-year-old relationship between a man, Akin Wole and his wife, Tawa Wole. Akin who dragged his wife to court alleged that she was troublesome and as such fought her always. The plaintiff stated in her suit that his wife didn’t give him rest of mind. He also prayed the court if his prayer was granted, to offer him custody of their only child whom he stated Tawa forcefully took from his mother. Tawa admitted to claim. Akin told the court that:”My lord, Tawa has given me enough unrest. She’s too troublesome and doesn’t give me rest of mind. “She turned our home into a boxing arena and fought me tooth and nail. She treated me with disdain, flouted my authority in the home, rubbed shoulder with me and ran our home as it pleased her. Nasarawa Police arrests pastor, 46 suspects for armed robbery, kidnap, other crimes “Since she  doesn’t value our relationship, she abandoned me and our only child and travelled out of the country. I handed over our child to my mother in order that she might give her the necessary attention. To my chagrin, Tawa on returning to the country, went straight to my mother’s place and took our child away without any display of gratitude. “My lord, Tawa and I have been living separately since January and there is no more love between us. I have therefore decided to come to court to seek the dissolution of our marriage legally. “Again, my lord, I have consistently made our child’s needs my priority and place high value on his education and these did not change even when Tawa was out of the country. “I, therefore, plead with the court to grant me custody of our child, “the plaintiff said. Giving her evidence, Tawa declared, “I also don’t love my husband again. ‘My wife is not bothered about our childless state, moves… ‘My husband always strips himself naked, lights a candle,… He starves me and our child, takes his lovers to joints He beat me for asking for our children’s fees, feeding… “My lord, I hardly enjoyed my marriage to my husband because he regularly failed in his duty towards me and our only child. We were virtually eating from hand to mouth. “I decided to seek greener pasture in order to boost our lifestyle and was therefore away for a while. “While abroad, I deprived myself of pleasures and leisure and worked round the clock in order that I might earn enough to send to him and our child. This I did on regular basis while I always remind him not to fail to pay our rent and child’s fees from it. “My lord, on my return, I met with a shock. Akin couldn’t account for all the money I sent him. Many issues meant to be addressed by this money were left unattended to. Among these was our house rent. “My husband failed to pay our rent and left the debt to escalate. I found this highly embarrassing. We were dragged to court by our landlord and were asked to move out of our rented apartment. We have thus started living separately since then, “the defendant stated. She went on: “It’s true I took custody of our child on my return.  I felt there was no point keeping him with my mother in-law any longer since I was around and capable of discharging my duties towards him.  Moreover, our child is not willing to stay with her any more. “My lord, I’ve been responsible for our child’s welfare and education in particular since my return. “My husband has no time for him since he works outside town. I, therefore, earnestly appeal to this court to grant me his custody, “she concluded. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade dissolved their union and granted custody of their child to the defendant. The plaintiff was asked to give the defendant N5, 000 monthly for their child’s upkeep. This according to Odunade must be paid through the court. He was also to be responsible for his general welfare, education and health care most importantly. Both parties were advised to maintain peace. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!