The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi,  has commiserated with the family of the late Senator Mojisoluwa Akinfenwa and the progressives family in the country on the death of the Afenifere Chieftain and former Alliance for Democracy (AD) leader in the National Assembly. Dr Fayemi who described the late senator as a decent and diligent politician said his death was a major loss to the family of the progressives in the country. ALSO READ: 38 countries, 2,000 people converge on Abuja to tackle insecurity in Gulf of Guinea BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… Governor Fayemi in a condolence message to the family urged them to be consoled by the fact that the late politician lived a good life and gave a good account of himself as a teacher, educationist and public servant. Fayemi in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode said Senator Akinfenwa’s life was guided by the progressive principles, “which was well demonstrated when he served as Commissioner for Education under the Chief Bola Ige-led administration in old Oyo State and as a member of the Senate between 1999 and 2003. “We shall miss Baba’s frankness and wise counsel. He was consistent, principled and decent. “On behalf of the government and good people of Ekiti State, I commiserate with the family of our late elder statesman the government of Osun State. Our prayer is that God will grant him eternal rest and grant the family the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss,” he added. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!