Co-creation Hub (CcHUB), the leading technology innovation centre in Nigeria and Tai Solarin University of Education (TASUED), Ijebu-Ode, Ogun State, Nigeria’s premier university of education recently unveiled the EdTech Centre of Excellence (COE) at the institution. The centre is a first of its kind academic research centre aimed at accelerating research and development in the application of technology for teaching, learning and management of education in Africa. The launch will see the centre make significant contributions to research in e-learning and technology application in schools and classrooms. IPPIS: Centralisation of payroll invalidates university autonomy ―… This is one of the many strategic investments in an extensive ecosystem by CcHUB this year. In addition to setting up and programmatic funding support, CcHUB will sponsor MSc and PhD students working on advancing EdTech topics that are of interest to relearn. TASUED will lead innovation and advocacy for improved teacher training programmes across Nigeria to cater to the demands of digitally compliant classrooms and new teaching methods. To define its scope of work, the centre will have a set of research focus defined at its inception, which will be initiated by CcHUB while TASUED will provide academic leadership and share relevant knowledge for the benefits of multiple stakeholders in Nigeria and globally. Bells University students develop software to computerise… Board composition:  Group urges multinational companies to… GITEX 2019: Startups commend NITDA, request for more slots Airtel Africa announces partnership with Mastercard  to… Mr Bosun Tijani, Chief Executive Officer of CcHUB said: “Education is the bedrock of healthy societies. As we continue to contribute to shaping the innovation ecosystem in Africa, accelerating the application of science and technology in improving education outcomes will be crucial to driving our overall agenda.” The Vice Chancellor of TASUED, Professor Abayomi Arigbabu, stated that in the quest of fostering a workable and sustainable industry-university relationship and in accomplishing its vision of being the preferred education university, which will excel in preparing educators who will be leaders in all spheres of the discipline, a collaboration ensued between the University and Co-Creation Hub (CcHUB), during the Education Technology Summit held at Abeokuta, Ogun State under the auspices of Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, on 8 and 9 February, 2018. He said, “The relationship consummated into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the two parties and the eventual birth of Edtech centre of excellence.” “In the accomplishment of this feat, the University is proud to be associated with Co-Creation Hub (CcHUB), the leading technology innovation centre in Nigeria, dedicated to accelerating the application of social capital and technology for economic prosperity. CcHUB is also Nigeria’s first open living lab and incubation space designed to be a multifunctional Centre where work to catalyse creative social technology is developed,” he said. Nigerian Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!