The Government of Sokoto State has constituted a steering committee to oversee the improvement of internally generated revenue and strategic salary in the state. The Secretary to the State Government, Honourable Saidu Umar, in his inauguration speech to the committee on Thursday at Government house Sokoto, said the committee was set up in the realisation of the need to address discrepancies in the administration of salary in the state. The SSG explained that for years salary figures differ from the data from the ministry of finance, the office of the head of service and that of civil service commission, adding that committee is aimed at harmonising the figures with a view to ensuring a common figure in all agencies. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/police-arrest-hit-and-run-driver-in-ondo/ Worker’s salary increase: Buhari is ready for honest,… zero tolerance on maternal mortality has paid off ― Aisha… Gov Bello provides free stationeries for Kogi pupils,… NILDS, stakeholders applaud FG’s direct payment of… He further said that the fluctuating Internally generated revenue in the state would also be looked into with a view to having an improved IGR. Umar said the state government hoped that at the end of the exercise desired goal would be achieved. The committee according to the SSG comprised Commissioner of budget as chairman, with the commissioner of finance, environment, and establishment as member’s Other members of the committee are representative of the office of the head of service, permanent secretaries of ministries of basic and secondary education, Health, Local government and finance as well as Special Adviser Akibu Dalhatu He pointed out that other relevant stakeholders like labour unions and staff of tertiary institutions could be co-opted into the committee and expressed confidence in the ability of members of the committee to discharge their assignment successfully. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.