The federal government has condoled Onitsha traders and the good people of Anambra State on the ugly incident that happened on Wednesday, that claimed many lives and loss of property worth billions of Naira. The Government assured Anambra State of its support towards assisting the victims to bounce back to life. The goodwill message was conveyed by the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajia Sadiya Umar-Farouq, during her visit to the scene of the incident and some places affected by the fire outbreak. According to her, the federal government was pained at the level of losses incurred by the traders as well as the damages caused by the inferno. “I am here on behalf of President Mohammadu Buhari to offer our condolences both to your governor and the entire people of the state. “I have directed the National Emergency Management Agency and the State Emergency management agency to access the extent of the damage and report back to the president. Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole ALSO READ: We must win war against drug abuse ― Buhari “I have also directed the SEMA to make available relief materials including food and non-food items to the affected population of the market,” she said. She also assured that the ministry would work closely with the state to see how to prevent further reoccurrences. She also stated that a joint committee of Federal and State governments would soon visit to access the level of damage with a view to forestall future incidents of fire outbreaks. Earlier, the Chief of Staff to the state government, Chief Primus Odili, commended the swift response of the Federal government to the disaster. Odili who took the minister round the market in the company of NEMA and Red Cross Society officials, requested for fire trucks from Federal government to help combat such incidences in future. Responding, the Chairman of one of the affected plazas in the market, Nndubisi Onuoha, prayed the promises made to them by the federal government would not be diverted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....