Gombe state governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has applauded the Supreme Court judgement that affirmed the election of President Muhammadu Buhari as the duly elected President of the country as declared by the INEC. The governor also hailed the Supreme Court for dismissing the appeal brought before it by the opposition, Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) and its presidential candidate,  Atiku Abubakar, said that the judgement was a credit to democratic development in the country. While reacting to Wednesday’s judgement, Inuwa Yahaya congratulated President Muhammadu Buhari and the leadership of the ruling All Progressives Congress, (APC) as well as all Nigerians of goodwill, observing that with the judgement, the apex Court has now laid to rest all the legal tussles, paving the way for the president to continue to face the task of building the nation and moving the country to the next level of development and prosperity without any distraction. ALSO READ:How Awolowo, Enaharo, Solaru should inspire Nigerian leaders ― Osinbajo Nasarawa gov directs school principals to stop charging fees Ganduje wants death penalty for kidnappers in Kano State #CashAndcarryPrison: Aregbesola lauds Fisayo Soyombo,… Borno re-introduces monthly sanitation after 26 years The governor hailed the ruling as an affirmation of  President Buhari’s overwhelming victory and the vindication of the people’s massive support for the president and the APC at the February 23, 2019, general election. He also applauded the judiciary for serving justice through a transparent delivery which he said will help deepen the judicial process and dispensation of justice in Nigeria. “On behalf of myself,  the government and people of Gombe state, I wish to join the APC family, numerous well-wishers and lovers of democracy in Nigeria and the world over, to congratulate our dear president and the leadership of our great party for the Supreme Court judgement. “This is indeed a victory for democracy and for the overwhelming majority of Nigerians who stood under the sun and in the rains and voted the president and his party,  APC,” he said as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant (Media and Publicity) to the governor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!