The Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, on Wednesday, charged his cabinet members on hard work and service delivery, saying they should hit the ground running immediately, declaring that the executive arm of government is in a hurry to transform the state. He also reaffirmed the administration’s determination to deliver a state that works and can compete with any other globally in terms of basic amenities and provision of modern facilities that will enable citizens to live happily and productively. Oyetola spoke at the ongoing 4-day Osun State Executive Council Retreat, held at MicCom Golf Hotels and Resorts, Ada, Boripe local government area of the state. Speaking on the theme“My Development Agenda for Osun State”, he also charged cabinet members to see their appointments as a clarion call to serve humanity and promote the policy thrust and development agenda of the administration. ALSO READ: Kogi election: Vote not fight, election no be war, 2baba urges Oyetola further maintained that his government was poised to create a prosperous economy that provides opportunities for all, saying, “this shall be done through strategic investment in agriculture and food security, creation of a bustling tourism sector that would see Osun becoming the nation’s destination of choice, and ensure the full exploitation of our mineral resources for wealth creation.” He said: “we shall do more to invest in the education that adequately empowers our people to realise their full potentials. We know that equitable public education is central to a healthy democracy and a thriving economy. Therefore, building on the strong foundation laid by the last administration, we will challenge our children with high expectations from a rich, well-rounded education curriculum that will provide them hope in a time of despair and help them thrive and become useful adults.” ALSO READ: BREAKING: Buhari presides over first post-inauguration FEC meeting “We are also fully committed to strengthening and enhancing technical and vocational education while also improving the welfare of our hardworking teachers. My goal is to make Osun known as the state for employment and jobs in the country”, Oyetola remarked. While charging the cabinet members on the need to key into the lofty policies, programmes and development agenda of the government, the governor averred that “together, we must build a state that provides opportunities for all classes of our people irrespective of backgrounds or even political inclinations. We must build a secure and assured future that offers hope for today and for the generation yet unborn. “In selecting you to serve, we have followed a most inclusive and participatory approach that included our party and other stakeholders who worked hard with us to deliver victory during the last election. After a much painstaking process, we are assured, therefore, that your emergence is a pointer to your capacity as some of the best our state can muster”, Oyetola added. Poor funding of Auditor-General’s office instigates… Reps fault non-assent to electoral act amendment N2.28trillion deficit: BPE advocates privatisation of FG… Mother, child burnt to death, as petrol tanker explodes in… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!