The Ondo state chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Friday, expressed concerns over the absence of the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, from the state. The party stated this in a statement issued and signed by its State Director of Publicity, Mr Zadok Akintoye while reacting to an alleged rumour over the state of health of the governor. Akintoye who wished Akeredolu a perfect and quick recovery called for the true health status of the governor as soon as possible in order to know if the governor is fit to rule or not. However, the state Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Mr Donald Ojogo, dispelled the rumour of Akeredolu’s sickness but said he was attending to various matters that concerned the state. Ojogo who said Akeredolu is hale and hearty would soon return to the state said “we have been hearing all manners of things about the governor, but I want to tell you that those are insinuations from those who don’t mean well for this state. ALSO READ: TK-Swag optimistic about Abuja music industry “Mr Governor went for his annual vacation. After spending 10 days from it, he came back to attend to some domestic issues and shortly after his daughter’s wedding, he proceeded for the rest of the vacation and returned on October 4, (2019). Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole “Since then he has been in Abuja to attend to many important issues, including political meetings because he does not want to be going Abuja every day. “So Akeredolu is not hospitalised as it is being insinuated. His absence has not affected the governance in the state. But we don’t want to be frivolous with anybody. What they are peddling is not true. Those stories are from those who don’t mean well for this state. ” But the PDP spokesperson demanded for the status of health of the governor, saying “our party wishes to request that the true status of the health of the Governor be made known to the public as soon as possible and that if he is incapacitated in performing his duties, the Ondo House of Assembly should ensure that the process of governance is not impeded by the Governors’ ill health. “We take note of a report by an online news medium which published an alleged rumour that the absence of our Governor, His Excellency, Arakunrin Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN) from the public, maybe due to food poisoning and ill health. “If true, we express our concern on the state of health of the governor and do wish him quick and perfect recovery. “The import of the absence of Mr Governor and/or his Deputy at the meeting of Niger Delta Governors with the President on Thursday, underlines our concern; as Ondo state (being one of the Niger Delta states and a major stakeholder in the happenings at the NDDC) was not adequately represented in the discussions. ” Once again, our prayers goes to the Governor and we wish him perfect recovery if this allegation is true. We enjoin all citizens to remain calm as we await an official response on the state of health of the Governor.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....