A social development advocate, Mr Gbenga Akinwande, has appealed to the governor of Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun, to jettison the idea of establishing two additional universities in the state due to what he called the current financial challenges of the state. Akinwande, who is the president of Gbenga Akinwande Foundation, in a letter to Prince Abiodun, urged the governor to rather focus on improving the efficiency and raising the standard of the existing tertiary institutions in the state. He said although he recognised the need to establish a university in Ogun West, he was of the opinion that the facilities put in place by former Governor Ibikunle Amosun at Ipokia for Ogun State Polytechnic should be used for the proposed Moshood Abiola University of Science and Technology (MAUSTECH). “The reason for this suggestion is in fairness to Ogun West senatorial district, considering the contribution of that zone to the economic development of Ogun State and Nigeria at large. Thus, it is necessary for the state government to demonstrate to the people of Ogun West that they are an integral part of Ogun State,” Akinwande said. Lagos Assembly throws out alleged $200,000 bribery petition… Ex-President Jonathan keeps mum after meeting Buhari at Aso… Outrage in Delta over sale of adulterated petrol in Warri… Apple pulls Hong Kong app used by protesters after China… ALSO READ: Ogun gov, Abiodun lures investors with business plan at UNGA He also urged the governor to organise a roundtable for “serious discussions” among delegates from the three senatorial districts of the state on “our coexistence as a people in Ogun State.” He said: “This conference will help in addressing the social, economic and political imbroglios that have characterised Ogun State over the course of its 43 years of existence. More so, this conference will promote good governance in our state, make Your Excellency more popular and stronger as a leader in Nigeria. “Another positive outcome of pioneering this type of conference in Ogun State is that other states of the federation will emulate such gesture and thereby bring to the front burner, a realistic format for the restructuring of our dear country, Nigeria.” The social development advocate also advised the governor to declare a state of emergency in education in the state and embark on an immediate action to employ teachers into all the schools in the state as most of the schools, according to him, are currently at 50 percent capacity utilisation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!