Ebonyi North Senatorial Zone has called on Ebonyi State government to expand the number of public primary and secondary schools in the zone with adequate staffing and teaching aids. The people made the call in Abakaliki during a town hall meeting organised by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) with the support of International Republican Institute (IRI) with funding from the USAID. The citizens charged the government to checkmate all the activities of government and privately owned schools, to enrich the education system within their zone. ALSO READ: Resident doctors demand improved healthcare infrastructure in South-East USAID, Sokoto govt partner to improve water supply in state Lagos speaker constitutes 36 standing committees Ex-council boss urges Lagosians to be patient with Sanwo-Olu SIP: FG moves to check extortion, truancy of beneficiaries They also condemned in entirety the automatic employment of first-class graduates in the state stressing that first class is never a guarantee to success as some use the money to buy the certificate. The people also commended the state government for providing them with farm inputs as most of them are agrarian farmers but charged the government to improve in providing the inputs early as to yield success. Earlier, the people lauded the state government for its care to the indigents, the less privileged people in the state and clearing debt of poor widows and the less privileged ones at the hospital. The PDP representatives while responding to the demands of the people, noted that the state government has strategic plans to ensure that the quality of the teachers, standard structure and quality teaching aids are provided for in all the schools both in the urban and rural areas. They urged all qualified teachers to submit their applications as the state is set to employ more qualified teachers. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!