The Ekiti State police command has arrested one Adeyemi Eniola Feranmi for allegedly defrauding a corps member and three other by parading himself as a legal practitioner on Facebook. According to a statement by the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Caleb Ikechukwu, on Monday, the suspect from Kogi state falsely presenting him as a coordinator of a non-governmental organization rendering legal services to the people. “On July 2019, The suspect ADEYEMI Eniola Feranmi, a native of Ayetoro- Gbede in Yagba, Kogi State posted himself on social media (facebook )as a legal practitioner in legal practitioner’s regalia, which he used as a display profile (DP). ALSO READ:  Edo Govt plans total rebuild of Benin-Auchi Highway Businesswoman docked for allegedly assaulting EKEDC official Landlord, 57, in court for allegedly defrauding tenant of… 29-year-old man remanded over alleged defilement of friend’s… Court remands 72-yr-old man for allegedly raping,… ” He falsely represented himself as the coordinator of an NGO tagged “Total Motivation Network” in Nigeria. Under the false pretence of rendering legal services, he has defrauded several persons of their hard-earned money. Among the victims are Miss Buhari Safurat Temitope ‘f’ a youth corper, Mr Steve Rose Ayokunle, Omisore Eniosi Funmilayo ‘f’ and madam Oke Bamidele. “Some other persons paid several thousands of Naira to Adeyemi Eniola Feranmi on behalf of assisting an NGO coordinated by the suspect. The suspect confessed to the crime and will be charged to court at the end of police investigation,” the statement read. Ikechukwu advised members of the public to stop engaging strange persons on social media so as for them not be a victim of cybercrime. He assured that the commissioner of police, Amba Asuquo, has promised to sustain the war against all forms of crime in a bid to ensure the security of lives and property of the citizens. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!