The Plateau Governorship Elections Petitions tribunal in Jos on Wednesday affirmed the election of Gov. Simon Lalong. Sen. Jeremiah Useni of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is challenging the election of Lalong in the March 9,  governorship poll. Useni prayed the tribunal to declare him winer of the elections alleging the disparity in the names supplied by Gov. Lalong in form CF001. Delivering judgment, a panel three justices led by Justice Halima Salami, held that the petitioners could did not adequately prove their case. The tribunal held that the information made in form CF001 by Lalong bothering on the disparity of  name, was not fundamental in nature. The tribunal also held that the petitioners, failed to prove their allegation of electoral irregularities bothering on falsifications of results and over voting against Lalong and the All Progressives Congress (APC). Speaking after judgment, Mr Pius Akuboh, SAN, Counsel to the APC and Gov Lalong, commended the tribunal for the verdict. Akuboh said that the tribunal commendably dealt with all the issues raised raised and canvassed by the parties from all angles. “This include the qualification of the second respondent to contest the election, allegation of over voting, corrupt practices and non compliance to electoral law. ALSO READ: Nigeria can generate N10bn annually from coconut subsector Zulum approves N26m for Borno students in Saudi Land border will remain closed ― Ali tells NASS Don, others bag awards at MGS 40th anniversary Minimum wage: We can’t guarantee industrial peace… “Painstakingly the tribunal considered interlocutory matters raised by the respective counsels to the parties. “We are satisfied that the judgment is in our favour specifically  with respect to the qualification of the governor. “The tribunal unequivocally found as a fact that the governor did not give false information fundamental nature in aid of of his qualification,” he stated. Also speaking, Mr Edward Pwajok, SAN, Counsel to Useni and the PDP, said that they were not satisfied with the verdict of the tribunal. ”There are many bus stops in judiciary and that we will challenge the verdict in a higher court. “The tribunal has done its work but it is long journey, today’s verdict is just a first step. “However, we appreciate the people of Plateau and to state that the first petitioner, Sen. J.T.  Useni remains confident in the Nigerian judiciary. “Thank God there are higher levels as the judgement itself has already formulate many grounds for appeal. “Because some of the findings were not in sink with the conclusion reached. “For instance, on the issue of the qualification of the governor, the tribunal found out that the lied on oath on the information he supplied in form CF00,” he stated. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FOREX, BITCOIN and BINARY ACCOUNTS MANAGER: We guaranteed 37% weekly profit by professionally trading your Forex, Cryptocurrency and Binary Accounts for you. WhatsApp: +2348030797998. Website: www.standardfx.org/ TESTED AND TRUSTED ONLINE JOB/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, GET 300% BONUS ON YOUR FIRST DEPOSIT OR ANY INVESTMENT/DEPOSIT MADE TODAY.