Gombe State Government has disclaimed creation and existence of an establishment known as ‘Ministry of Early Salary Payment’ in the state. The government while reacting to a viral picture in the social media insinuating the existence of such a ministry declared that it is the handiwork of mischief makers who do not wish the government well. The government in a statement stated that: “Our attention has been drawn to a photograph of a bus with a superimposed inscription of  “Ministry of Early Salary Payment”, purportedly belonging to Gombe state. This is nothing but fake and reeks of desperados.” It added that: “Gombe state has no such Ministry. Members of the public are warned to disregard the fake photo and desist from circulating it.” The statement further contained that: “For the records,  Gombe state at the moment has 21 Ministries sequel to the Executive Order number 1 issued recently by Governor Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya. Stop Isiguzo from parading himself as NUJ president, Odusile… Buhari departs Abuja for Russia-Africa Summit Monday Impeachment of Kogi deputy governor, Achuba, undemocratic ―… PDP condemns killing, alleged attack on Wada by political… ALSO READ: Fayemi pays N4bn UBEC counterpart funds “Ministry of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry, Ministry of Commerce,  Industry and Tourism, Ministry of Education, Ministry of Higher Education, Ministry of Finance and Economic Development, Ministry of Health and Ministry of Information and Culture. “Others are Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Lands and Survey, Ministry for Local Governments and Chieftaincy Affairs, Ministry of Science,  Technology and Innovation, Ministry of Special Duties and Ministry of Works and Transport. “The remaining are: Ministry of Youth and Sports Development, Ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development, Ministry of Water Resources, Ministry of Rural, Community Development and Cooperatives, Ministry of Internal Security and Ethical Orientation, Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources, Ministry of Environment and Forest Resources; and Ministry of Housing and Urban Development.” The government then warned mischief makers to desist from their mischievous acts declaring that anyone caught in the act will not be spared but will be dealt with in accordance with relevant laws of the country as content in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity to the Governor. It would be recalled that a picture had earlier on Sunday gone viral in the social media portraying a coaster bus with the inscription, ‘Ministry of Early Salary Payment’ Gombe State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!