Nigerian Breweries Plc,  and one of the nation’s frontline financial institutions, Access Bank, have announced a new initiative, Access The Stars,  aimed at uncovering musical talents  in the country, and providing such talents the platform to hone their skills. The initiative, which would see the star winner go home with N150million, and an opportunity to play with some of the nation’s musical icons, among other benefits. Flagging off the initiative,  in Lagos, recently, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Nigerian Breweries Plc, Mr.  Jordi Borrut, expressed his delight that two big brands are putting resources together to further enhance the nation’s entertainment industry. According to him, the initiative is designed to fish out the ‘the rough entertainment diamonds’, in hidden corners of the country, groom them, with the aim of showcasing them to the world. He stated that with the company’s consumer base of 45 million and  that of Access Bank’s 31 million, the  two brands are more than ready to give the initiative the necessary ‘push’, that would enable it achieving the purpose for which it is set up. Why it took us 37 years  to come to Lagos  —CEO, FoodCo,… Stop harassing our personnel —LASCOPA boss warns… BEDC to roll out 200,000 meters in Delta State Nigerians should know orthopedic mattress suitable —Mouka… The Access The Stars initiative, he added, would see the members of the jury, visit six major cities of country to enable  the initiative uncover hidden musical talents in those areas. “We have a tradition of promiting music and talents, because we are of the firm belief that if the nation’s economy is to grow, there is the need to discover and promote  her  abundant talents. It is an initiative that enables every talent to know that if they want to be the next Burna Boy, Tiwa Savage or D’Bank, the platform is here,” he stated. Expressing his delight at the partnership, the Chief Executive Officer of Access Bank, Mr. Herbert Wigwe described the initiative as a celebration of friendship between the two brands and a way of supporting the Nigerian youth. “It is meant to change the narratives about the country, to discover talents and showcase them to the world. It is our own way of saying positive things are happening in this part of the globe. We have men and women doing great here,” Wigwe stated. He however added that all that is needed to participate in the competition is for the individual  to produce three cans of Star Lager beer, besides opening an account with Access Bank. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!