President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday reiterated his commitment to tackle all security challenges in the country. Buhari made the commitment at the combined passing out parade of cadets of Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA) in Kaduna. The president noted that already, various strategies being adopted by the government against insurgency and other criminal activities were yielding positive results. He maintained that the Federal Government has been reviewing the security situation and has been upgrading personnel, equipment and facilities in the Armed Forces, to effectively and efficiently contain the situation. Nigeria is getting better by the day, Buhari noted, and assured that the government would not rest until peace and stability is restored to all parts of the country. ALSO READ: Tambuwal, Ihedioha, two other governors attend Matawalle’s daughter’s wedding Niger water board generates N12m monthly ― Official 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools Igbo not ready for 2023 presidency ― Wabara Amidst protests, Nigerians mark independence anniversary in… The President stressed that his administration remained determined to eliminate corruption through the provision of improved access to education that would prepare youths for global competition, quality health services for improved life expectancy and decent and affordable housing for all. He commended the role being played by the Academy in the training of cadets from sister African countries, saying it helped to deepen relations with countries in the continent. “I must recognise the impressive role which the NDA has taken to produce highly trained military officers who are currently serving this great nation. I commend once again the commandant, officers and staff of the academy for a job well-done,” Buhari added. He also commended the discipline and commitment of the cadets and urged them to work hard in the discharge of their duties, wherever they find themselves. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) report that 630 regular cadets comprising Army, Airforce, Navy, as well as Short Service were commissioned into the Armed Forces. Awards were given to cadets who performed exceptionally well in training, learning and character. (NAN) How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!