A Federal High Court, sitting in Osogbo has sentenced a 51-year-old female banker, Yetunde Iyabo Adewunmi to one-year imprisonment for conspiracy, aiding and abating fraud. Adewunmi was convicted of the one-count amended charge instituted against her by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibadan zonal office, before Justice Peter Lifu. An investigation conducted by officials of the EFCC had revealed that the convict used her position as a staffer of a new generation bank in Ile Ife, Osun state to forge two identity cards for one Abayomi Samuel Onalaja, an internet fraudster, to enable him cash two Western Union transactions received from his foreign victims. ALSO READ: Gbajabiamila rebuffs attempt to halt debate on 2020 budget estimate FG committed to achieving universal eye health    —Health… LASACO Assurance to raise N10bn aditional capital ahead of… Finance minister welcomes IMF report Senate moves to delist “failed” political… She was said to have benefited N236,736 (two hundred and thirty-six thousand, seven hundred and thirty-six naira) from the illegal dealings. The EFCC after investigation subsequently filed a 5-count charge, bothering on money laundering against her, but later amended it to a one-count after agreeing to a plea bargain option with her. The amended charge indicated that the offence committed by her was contrary to Section 27(2) of the cybercrimes (prohibition, prevention etc) Act, 2015. She pleaded guilty to the charge and was accordingly convicted. The prosecution counsel Shamusuddeen Bashir had earlier prayed the court to accept the conditions of the plea bargain which included restitution of the proceeds of the crime, and as well confirmed that the commission had indeed received the sum. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!