People’s Democratic Party (PDP) Chieftain, Chief Sunny Onuesoke, has condemned the renewed political agitation in Delta State over Delta 2023 governorship seat just five months after the swearing of Delta Governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa. Onuesoke, who spoke on the issue of some governorship aspirants who are already making consultations and ethnic groups agitating for their turn to govern the state, advised them to suspend their actions. He added that besides the agitations coming too early,  it is a distraction against the governor delivering dividends of democracy to the people of the state. The PDP chieftain made the comment in a dinner organised for oil community leaders by Onuesoke Foundation in Warri, Delta State on Saturday. He said it was annoying for politicians to start agitating for who should govern the state in 2023 instead of discussing issues on how Okowa can improve on his record of creating more employment, establishing industries, enhancing security and building good roads for the socio-economical well being of the people of the state. ALSO READ: Operation Kpochapu two will consolidate Anambra security ― Umeh Nigeria records investment announcement of $9.29 in Q3 ―… Sex for grade: TUC seeks death penalty for abuse of young… Nigeria not a failed state ― Don Operation Kpochapu two will consolidate Anambra security ―… “I want to state here  without fear or favour that having  been sworn in for second term as Governor of Delta state by May, 2019, the major focus of all and sundry is to see how to encourage the Governor to focus on  enhancing his excellent record of  good governance and not to distract his attention with issues of 2023 elections. “It is unfortunate that personal ambition of ethnicity or individuals is overriding the state’s interests. “It is not only too early for them to start campaigning just five months after swearing new government in the state,  but a big insult on the people of the state who might feel that all the politicians are interested in is how to grab power,” Onuesoke explained. Onuesoke, who described the action of the agitators as diversionary, unnecessary and divisive, said it was pertinent that the hierarchy of the different political parties in the state took urgent steps to address the commencement of discourse on 2023 governorship for now. “I, therefore, appeal to the general public and the prospective aspirants to please allow the state to run smoothly without any distraction. “While it is very permissible to have aspirations of any magnitude, time is a key determinant of the appropriateness or otherwise of such ambition,” he advised. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!