An environmentalist, Mrs Emmanuel Emechete has called for strict policies to curb the proliferation of electronic waste into the country. Emechete made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Lagos. The expert said it was necessary to stop the importation of electronic waste into the country because of its non-biodegradable nature and impact on the environment. “E-wastes are like a time bomb that people are not putting into consideration, although the importation of e-waste is not as common in recent times, it is time we stop it completely. “The government should step up policies to ban the proliferation of e-waste through Nigerian borders in order to protect our environment. “We should not allow expired electronics from other countries into this country, once they have used the most useful part of a gadget why send the scrap to Nigeria. ALSO READ: Sultan calls on northern government to compel parents on girl-child education “If you ask the layman on the street what the implication of electronic waste is on the environment they will not even understand. “Electronic wastes are just like a normal waste but more condensed, they are made up of so many elements that are not even recyclable or biodegradable,” he said. Emechete said it was pertinent to stop the imports of e-waste, saying the disadvantages outweigh the advantages. “The disadvantages of e-waste outweigh its advantages, even though some elements like the iron components in e-waste are recycled. “People import these e-wastes in motor vehicles with a lot of scraps, they now sell it at yard sales and Nigerians patronise them. Gombe governor mourns late Tafawa Balewa’s wife,… PDP Reps member showers encomium on Judiciary over victory… Minimum wage consequential increase: FEC can’t dictate to… Gunmen abduct police, one other in Abuja “Though we do not have enough companies manufacturing electronics in the country, yet we must secure our borders against the proliferation of e-waste. “For the e-waste that has already made way into the country, we should sort them out in their various components and recycle the ones we can. “We need to show Nigerians and educate them on the negative effects of these things and make them see that the side effects are greater than the immediate gratification,” he said. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/lasu-set-to-conduct-students-union-election-%e2%80%95-vc/ Emechete also called for more investments in the recycling industry to aid the recycling of the components of e-waste. “If there is a possibility of some companies that can buy those things or you can convert them into something else like the plastic form. “We need companies that can use the plastic forms for other things like buckets, cups and those other things plastic can make and make the market open so that it is affordable for all and sundry. “Basically it is not easy to dispose of e-waste, if you throw them on the floor or just anywhere, it will cause harm to not just people but animals and plants as well. “If you decide to burn them, they are going to be emitting carbon and other dangerous greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. “The restraining factor to a good solution to the disposal of these waste products is the money involved. “If revenue can be generated from recycling waste and the general public is also aware of the benefits involved a lot of people will want to partake in the course,” he said. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!