Election is an important mechanism in democratic and peace processes, and it is a good thing that Nigeria, since 1999, has now embraced election in putting people in political positions. We had an election earlier in the year, but by November 16, Kogi and Bayelsa electorate will be going to the poll to elect now governors. While elections have not been perfect in the country, efforts must be made to ensure free and fair election in these two states. In recent years, vote-buying has become common in our elections and there is no reason to believe that the forthcoming election in Kogi and Bayelsa states will be any different. Vote-buying, which has been criminalized by the electoral act, is completely antithetical to the ethos and norms of democracy. It is unfortunate that this has become a common feature of party primaries and general elections conducted in recent years. Nigeria @ 59, which way forward? NIGERIA @ 59: Celebration of a ‘cake-less’ birthday Why I always remember HID Awolowo Oyo state and effective community policing It should be noted that the 2017 revised code of conduct for political parties also enjoins all political parties and their agents not to engage in buying of vote or offer any bribe, gift, reward, gratification or any other monetary or material considerations or allurement to voters and electoral officials. However, notwithstanding its prohibition, vote-buying continues to be a widespread practice in recent elections in Nigeria. It is, however, hoped that the electorate in Kogi and Bayelsa will not solicit for bribe to vote for a particular party or candidate, or candidates luring voters with money. People must vote with their conscience in order to make the winners to be accountable to them when they assume office.  Boluwatife Ajibola, Osun State Polytechnic, Iree. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!