A man identified as Uchechukwu Maduakor, a native of Ogwu Amanasa Village, Umuchu, Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra state, was recently sentenced to seven years imprisonment without an option of fine by Hon. Justice Ibrahim B. Gafai of Federal High Court 1 Awka, Anambra state for vandalising electricity installation belonging to the Enugu Electricity Distribution PLC (EEDC). Maduakor was charged with unlawfully damaging wires used for converting electricity by cutting off high tension cables at Umuchu Anambra state; an offence contrary to the provisions of the Miscellaneous Offenses Act, Cap M17, Vol. 9 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 2004. This development was made known to newsmen by the Head of Communications, EEDC, Mr Emeka Ezeh, in Awka, on Tuesday. According to Ezeh, Maduakor was arraigned in court on 26th September 2017, where he pleaded not guilty to the charge before the trial commenced. EEDC has identified vandalism as a major challenge negatively impacting on its operations. This takes various forms, which include: draining of transformer oil, removal of the feeder pillar unit, intermediate or up-riser cables, transformer winding coil or total removal of the transformer, removal of spans of aluminium conductors and other line fittings such as Port Insulators and Cross-Arms. ALSO READ: Anambra govt to establish trauma centre for improved survival rate Army calls on social media influencers to promote peace N7.65bn fraud: Court fixes Dec. 2 for judgment in Orji… Fisayo Soyombo’s planned arrest nauseating, appalling… NYSC opens new mobilisation area office in Enugu The organisation has spent millions of naira on monthly basis replacing and repairing vandalized facilities, coupled with the revenue loss incurred by the business as a result of this challenge. However, to forestall this trend, EEDC has been in constant touch with critical stakeholders which include state security agencies and local vigilante groups, soliciting their continued support in ensuring that these electrical installations in their vicinity are not vandalised. EEDC commended the efforts of the various communities and their youths, government security agencies and local vigilante groups in the fight against vandalism, calling on her customers and the general public to join in this fight towards the eradication of the menace. “There is no way we can sustain our operations and deliver quality and improved service to our customers if this situation is not brought under control,” Ezeh said. Customers are therefore advised to be vigilant and not allow these installations vandalised as they will be inconvenienced once this is allowed to happen. They are encouraged to make use of the company’s whistleblowing lines (084 700 110; 0814 602 6678) to report any suspicious attempt, report to the EEDC office serving them or to the nearest police station. EEDC’s spokesperson also recounted that sometime in May 2019, the organisation secured judgement when the duo of Obasi Nkama Ukpai and Orji Okporie were sentenced to one year, six months imprisonment by Hon. Justice I.P Chima of High Court 2 Afikpo, Ebonyi State, for conspiring to steal cables belonging to EEDC. EEDC is however not relenting in its commitment to ensuring that apprehended vandals are tried in accordance with the law and made to face the consequences of their actions. “It is expected that this will serve as a deterrent to many others out there, engaging in such act,” Ezeh said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!