Federal Government on Thursday unveiled plans to introduce tough policy measures toward reducing medical tourism. Minister of Health, Prof. Osagie Ehanire gave the insight while addressing the House Committee on Health chaired by Hon. Tolulope Sadipe on the 2019/2020 budget defence. Prof. Ehanire who decried the challenges posed by thousands of Nigerians who embark on foreign medical tourism disclosed plans to ensure that all foreign embassies do not grant visas for foreign medical tourism. He also assured the Committee of the ministry’s plan to bring on board professional medical practitioners with the view to solve the endemic problems in the healthcare sector. Prof. Ehanire who acknowledged the overwhelming support of professional medical personnel in Diaspora who have over the years provide support in various forms to improve the health sector through clinical services and consultancy and advisory services. He also applauded the role played by former Chairman, House Committee on Diaspora and immediate past Special Adviser to the President on Diaspora and Foreign Affairs, Hon. Abike Dabiri-Erewa in achieving the feat. Alleged pension scam: Court remands Maina in prison Bauchi govt spends over N48.1bn on education, housing,… 96-year-old man marries 73-year-old heartthrob in Abuja NILDS DG backs Senate on delisting of political parties From the total sum of N257.6 million appropriated for various initiatives in 2019, the total sum of N103.04 million was released. ALSO READ: NILDS DG backs Senate on delisting of political parties According to the documents presented to the Committee, out of a total sum of N186 million approved for establishment and operationalization of Diaspora Professional Healthcare Initiative, provision of logistics, only N74.4 million (56.05%) out of the 40% released. For 2020, from the total sum of N234.62 million proposed, the sum of N173.020 million is for establishment and operationalization of Diaspora Professional Healthcare Initiative, provision of logistics; N24 million is for sponsorship of delegation to the annual scientific sessions and training of the association of Nigerian Physicians in the Americas, National Association of Nigerian nurses in North America, among others. The sum of N17.6 million is proposed for supportive supervising of foreign and medical health missions while the sum of N20 million is for procurement of project vehicle for monitoring of medical missions and office furniture/equipment to enhance the effectiveness of Diaspora unit officials. In her brief remarks, Chairman, House Committee on Diaspora, Hon. Tolulope Sadipe The House of Representatives on Thursday showered encomium on Nigerians in Diaspora over ongoing efforts to provide improved healthcare service delivery across the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!