The Federal Government has scheduled what is called a high-level conclusive meeting, to wrap up all discussions and pave the way for an equable implementation of the Consequential Adjustment of the Minimum wage with Labour, for Tuesday next week. Before the meeting, Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, said each group would hold separate meetings to sort out all outstanding disagreements. The decision for the Tuesday meeting was arrived at after the minister met separately with the leadership of the Nigeria Labour Congress(NLC) and the Trade Union Congress of Nigeria(TUC), as well as the members of the Joint National Public Service Negotiating Council (Government side). While the meeting with the Labour commenced by 11:30 am and ended at 2 pm, that with the Joint National Public Service Negotiating Council (Government side) was still on-going as at press time. FG committed to achieving universal eye health    —Health… LASACO Assurance to raise N10bn aditional capital ahead of… Finance minister welcomes IMF report Senate moves to delist “failed” political… ALSO READ:  Obiano to inaugurate CCTV surveillance cameras in Anambra The essence of the meeting, according to the minister, is to resolve the impasse over the consequential adjustment of the National Minimum Wage. “It was resolved, however, that each group would hold further meetings to sort out all outstanding disagreements before a high-level conclusive meeting to wrap up all discussions, paving the way for an equable implementation of the Consequential Adjustment of the Minimum Wage scheduled for Tuesday, 15th October 2019.” The minister also said in a statement signed by the Deputy Director, Press and Public Relations in the ministry, Charles Akpan. Those in attendance at the meeting were Minister of Finance, Budget and Planning, Hajia Zainab Ahmed, Minister of State, Finance, Budget and Planning, Clement Agba, Minister of State, Labour and Employment, Festus Keyamo(SAN) Head of Service of the Federation, Dr. Folashade Yemi- Esan, Director General, Budget Office of the Federation, Ben Akabueze, Acting Chairman, National Salaries Income and Wages Commission Ekpo Nta and the Accountant General of the Federation, Ahmed Idris. Also in attendance were Deputy President NLC, Comrade Amaechi Asogwuni, the General Secretary of the NLC, Comrade Emmanuel Ugboaja, Comrade Achaver Simon as well as the Secretary-General of the Trade Union Congress(TUC), Comrade Musa Lawal Ozigi. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!