As part of the program for 2019 Orin Day, in Orin Ekiti, Ido/Osin Local Government Area of Ekiti State, the Oba Samuel Adebanji Ilori Foundation (OSAIF) is sponsoring a one-day free health screening and care for over 500 indigenes and their invited guests. The Vice-Chairman of the Foundation Barr Segun Ilori announced the sponsorship to the Boluwatife Age Group, organizers of the 30th Orin Day for Orin National Council. According to a statement by Ilori, the sponsorship includes, health screening for all categories of health diseases and provision of free drugs to be handled by qualified medical personnel” The one day program kicked off on Friday at the Health Center, Orin Ekiti where the Medical personnel would be attending to the beneficiaries. Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole ALSO READ: FG says no plan to remove fuel subsidy Ilori stated that the foundation was making this contribution to the Orin Day program to enhance awareness of health status among the people and thereby prevent avoidable death and sudden illness. He called on the elders, women and youth in the community to take advantage of the program to enhance their healthy living. The coordinator of the program Elder Tuyi Aroge a Health Professional thanked the sponsor on behalf of the Boluwatife Age group SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....