The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has commended passengers for making use of its various platforms in laying complaints, giving suggestions and commendations. According to the General Manager, Customer Service, FAAN, Mrs Ebele Okoye, the platforms which include: questionnaires, front desk, website, social media, telephone calls and the Ease-of-Doing-Business, are said to be very effective in getting feedback from the general public. In an interview with reporters during a visit to the Little Saints Orphanage, Akowonjo, in Lagos where the agency made donations, Okoye said these platforms were put in place to assist the agency improve and satisfy passengers and airport users in its service delivery. She urged passengers to ask for information whenever they have any challenge at the airport, adding that officers have been deployed to strategic locations to assist passengers. Buhari appoints new six aides for First Lady Aisha Her words: “At the airport, you notice that we have front desk. It is a complaint desk. If you are at the airport and you don’t know what to do, quickly get to that place and you will find information. We are also locating signages at very strategic places, and when you get into the airport you won’t be confused to make sure that passengers have the best of service.” Why reconstruction of Enugu airport runway is yet to… SPECIAL FOCUS: How FG can enhance growth of domestic airline… Elimination of blind spots in Nigeria’s airspace receives… SAHCO acquires new fleet, expands warehouse While assuring that the management of FAAN led by its Managing Director, Captain Hamisu Yadudu, was committed to ensuring that passengers get comfort, safety and security, Okoye hinted of the deployment of sniffer dogs to airports and well-trained personnel for security purposes. She noted that the dogs would help to reduce the stress of the personnel in checking passengers luggage and other users. Speaking on the celebration of the Customer Service Week, Okoye said the week was meant to appreciate customers and their staff who were always in the line of duty of attending to the customers and managing their problems. “The aim is to appreciate everyone who have been at the forefront like our front desk officers, they are the ones that take the heat sometimes customers are angry and they come on their way and the heat goes to them”. She also applauded the efforts of stakeholders who without their support FAAN would not be successful in their Operations saying: “without them at the airport, it is not possible to process all the passengers”. Among the donations  to the Little Saints Orphanage in Akowonjo and the New Old People’s Home in Yaba included:yam tubers, toiletries, Noddles, detergents, bathing soaps, sanitary towels, soft drinks, bags of rice, water, baby diaper among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....