The late national chairman of Alliance for Democracy, Senator Mojisoluwa Akinfenwa, has been described by his daughter, Mrs Tolu Akingbehin, as a loving and kind father. Akingbehin, who said her father’s death was so painful and shocking, expressed the kind of bonding she enjoyed with her father, saying, there was no day that passed that both of them won’t communicate with each other. “I really don’t know how to describe him in words, daddy was so loving, so kind as a father, as a grandfather. There was no day that passed that we will not speak, actually, we were very close. “He would ask if you have eaten, so caring, even my daughter too felt his kindness, as she would also call daddy om phone. She will pick up my phone and call baba agba (grandpa). She calls him baba agba, ‘hello, how are you? Have you eaten? “Daddy wants to know everything about his children if we are doing well, and he doesn’t want to bother anybody,” Akingbehin, said, speaking with told Sunday Tribune at the Ibadan home of the deceased. Niger water board generates N12m monthly ― Official 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools Igbo not ready for 2023 presidency ― Wabara Amidst protests, Nigerians mark independence anniversary in… She said the late statesman, Senator Akinfenwa, would be missed by his children and many others that encountered him during his lifetime. Narrating Senator Akinfenwa’s last moment with Sunday Tribune, Akingbehin said, “It was so sudden, I was there actually when he died, it was very very painful and still painful, and I’m still trying to get over that shock. Speaking about his last moment, Akingbehin said, “In his lifetime, once he complains of malaria, he will tell you if I take malaria drugs, it will go, I will be okay. That was what we thought would happen after he complained of malaria.” She said a few days before he breathed his last, “I was calling him on phone, and later I was told he was hospitalised., I was like, ah, daddy, this was getting too much, then I came down. In the last two days of his life, I was with him, I was there when he passed on. “I pray may his soul rest in peace. It is well!” The 89-year-old Senator Akinfenwa died on Thursday in Ibadan. He was an educator and a politician, who represented the people of Osun East constituency in the Senate from 1999 to 2003, and also a former education commissioner in the old Oyo State under the late Chief Bola Ige, as the governor.  How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!