The Governor of Sokoto state Rt Hon. Aminu Waziri Tambuwal has expressed dismay over the alleged wanton killing of two people by armed soldiers and airmen in Mabera quarters of Sokoto town on Sunday evening. This was contained in a statement signed by the Special Adviser, Media and Publicity to the Governor, Muhammad Bello and released to journalists in the state on Tuesday. The Governor assured the family of the female victim, who left behind seven children, that the state government will sponsor their education and welfare until they graduate from tertiary institutions of their choice. Governor Tambuwal who cut short his official engagements outside the state to commiserate with the families of the victims described the incident as unfortunate considering the fact that the state had never experienced such issue in the past and the state government and the security agencies operating in its nooks and crannies enjoy a very robust relationship. ALSO READ: EFCC arrests Mompha with N20m wristwatches for alleged internet fraud, money laundering IPPIS: ASUU, Accountant-General trade blame over October 31… Senate kicks against allocation of N600 million to… 2020 budget: Senators, reps commend Registrar as JAMB remits… Assault: He must sleep in cell before accepting his apology… He further said: “We condemn this unwholesome development, which is perhaps the first of its type to occur in the state. “We want to assure the people of the state that the state government, in close collaboration with the security operatives with whom we have a very cordial relationship, will not rest on its oars until the perpetrators of this dastardly act are brought to book on the shortest possible time. “We pray that this type of act will not repeat itself again. We also pray for the soul of those killed and condole the family and people of the state,” the Governor stated. The Governor sued for peace and admonished those affected or any other aggrieved citizen of the state not to take the law into their hands. The Governor was accompanied by members of the state executive council, representatives of the General Officer Commanding (GOC), the Nigerian Air Force (NAF), the Police and other security agencies in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!