The Speaker of the House of Representatives Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila on Saturday called for an improved welfare package for the Nigerian teachers as they joined millions of their colleagues globally to mark this year’s World Teachers’ Day. In a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity Lanre Lasisi, the Speaker said the theme of this year’s World Teachers’ Day, ‘Young Teachers: The Future of the Profession,’ is very apt in view of the growing demands of the teaching profession. Gbajabiamila said with the tremendous task of teaching future leaders, Nigerian teachers deserved the best from governments at all levels as well as other well-meaning Nigerians. He said the 9th National Assembly would ensure that the welfare of Nigerian teachers is well taken care of through adequate legislation and relevant resolutions. Against the backdrop of decades-old cliché that ‘the reward of teachers is in heaven,’ Gbajabiamila said the reward of the Nigerian teachers should begin to manifest here on earth. Niger water board generates N12m monthly ― Official 507 teachers retire in Kogi secondary schools Igbo not ready for 2023 presidency ― Wabara Amidst protests, Nigerians mark independence anniversary in… ALSO READ: CUPP kicks against reintroduction of toll gates on highways The Speaker encouraged young Nigerians to take up teaching as it is the only profession that can mould leaders of tomorrow in different ways. According to him: “Today, I join millions of Nigerians to commemorate this great day, the World Teachers’ Day. I salute the determination, diligence and dedication of the Nigerian teacher. But for the teacher, we all may not have been moulded to become what we have become today “I, therefore, call for concerted efforts to better the lives of the Nigerian teachers. We all have the responsibility to make our teachers happy, and I make bold to say that the 9th National Assembly, especially the House of Representatives, would champion the course of the Nigerian teachers. “Working closely with the Executive arm of government, I believe in the next four years, we will put more smiles on the faces of the Nigerian teachers. “May I use this occasion to encourage the Nigerian youth to take up teaching and produce good leaders that will take the country to the promised land”. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!