Wife of Lagos State Governor, Dr. (Mrs.) Ibijoke Sanwo-Olu, on Friday, defied heavy downpour in parts of the city and lead other wives of state government officials for a clean- up exercise as part of activities for the 19th Edition of the Annual Conference of Committee of Wives of Lagos State Officials (COWLSO). First Lady of Nigeria, Hajiya Aisha Buhari, would declare the conference open, alongside the Kwara State governor, AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, while his counterpart from Nasarawa State, Governor Abdullahi Sule would serve as Special Guest of Honour at the closing ceremony. Mrs Sanwo-Olu earlier addressed a press briefing at the Bagauda Kaltho Press Centre in Alausa, Ikeja declaring that environmental sanitation in some streets within Ikeja would help to rid the neighbourhood of filth. This was just as she restated the commitment of COWLSO in the area of continuous advocacy of cleaner environment initiative and its support for the government to achieve its vision in a better environment. According to her, it is important to make sure that the environment is clean, pointing out that “women are ready to support their husbands to ensure that the ideal Lagos is delivered.” ALSO READ:  Be part of future think tanks, BIC class of 2019 advised Mrs Sanwo-Olu maintained that COWLSO was in support of the current campaign on proper waste disposal by the state government, stressing that it is very important to educate the populace right from the kindergarten to University and the community leaders that cleanliness was close to Godliness. Speaking further, the wife of Lagos governor said the theme of this year’s conference: “Unlearn, Learn And Relearn: 21st Century Women’s T.H.E.M.E.S Perspectives/Approach,” was carefully selected after rigorous brainstorming sessions. She added that it was designed to empower women with skills to key into emerging opportunities being provided by the administration of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu in the state. Oyo APC berates Makinde, Speaker over controversial N7.6b… I don’t own a single share in KAEDCO ― Namadi Sambo NNPC seals $2.5bn gas supply deal with NLNG Lagos conducts screening exercise for intending christian… “As it is the tradition of the conference to strategically empower women to contribute positively to the development of the state and Nigeria at large, this year’s theme was carefully selected in line with the vision and aspiration of the present administration in Lagos State to bring about greater Lagos of our dreams. “We have lined up very eminent Nigerians and outstanding professionals to help our women come to terms with how best they can key into the emerging opportunities being provided by the government of the day in Lagos State,” the governor’s wife said. She said aside the main theme, other sub-themes includes: “The 21st Century Woman – Build Not Born To Influence The Society; Entertainment And Tourism: Prism Of Possibilities – Tourism and Entertainment; The Total Woman; Entrepreneurship: Making Money And More Money – Agric Entrepreneurship, Financing and General Trading; Mould A Child And Build A Greater Generation; Healthy Woman – A Healthier Nation: Maternal & Child Mortality; Development And A Healthy City – Creating A Balance – Waste To Wealth, and Obey Traffic Laws,” among others. Mrs Sanwo-Olu added that as part of efforts to give more women the opportunity to participate, the conference would be live-streamed on various media platforms, while participants can collect conference materials at Lagos House, Alausa, Ikeja from 17th to 19th October 2019. ALSO READ: Oyo govt rids Ibadan of 48 destitute people She said in furtherance of the need to create more awareness, an Awareness Walk would be held on October 12 from Ikeja Local Government back to Lagos House, Alausa from 7am, while as part of COWLSO’s Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives, she would pay a courtesy visit to the Children and Post Natal Wards of the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), Ikeja also on October 12, to identify with the babies on admission. Besides, the governor’s wife said there would be raffle draw at the gala night of the conference with opportunities for women to win mouth-watering prizes, including a house, brand new cars, first-class return ticket, deep freezers, among others, while buses would be available to convey participants from the venue to Lekki-Ajah, Oshodi-Mile 2, Agege-Iyana Ipaja, Ojodu Berger, Yaba, and Ojota/Ketu. Special awards, according to her, would also be presented to the Inspirational Woman of the Year and as well as Certificates Of Appreciation to individuals and Corporate Sponsors who have consistently supported COWLSO, adding that all necessary arrangements have been firmed up in terms of logistics, security, welfare, among others. Sanwo-Olu also seized the opportunity to celebrate the International Day of the Girl-Child which is marked across the globe on every October 11, assuring that the present administration in the state would spare no effort to frontally address all issues affecting the girl-child with the required vigour, zestfulness and determination. On her plans for women in the state, the First Lady said concerted efforts would be geared towards medical assistance, financial assistance to students especially through the ‘Adopt A Student Project,’ among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!