Bauchi state Governor, Sen Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed has described the discovery of Hydrocarbon deposit in the Kolmani River Well 11, in Alkaleri Local Government Area of the State as a giant stride in unlocking the well documented economic potentialities of the state. According to a statement by the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Media and Publicity, Mukhtar Gidado, made available to newsmen on Friday, the Governor said that the divine discovery will make the state to become a net contributor to the Nation’s Crude Oil output. According to him, the occasion of striking of oil in Alkaleri Local Government Area of the state, by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) , stands out as a great moment, not only for the state but for Nigeria as a whole as it is a monumental opportunity for both the present generation, children and grandchildren. The Governor also said that for anyone who has followed the unwavering effort of the NNPC in the search for hydrocarbons in the North-East, the discovery marks the victory of hope over pessimism, the triumph of courage over fear and the victory of sacrifice over adversity. Bala Mohammed while describing oil as a great catalyst and instrument of development, said that his administration will remain focused on its robust economic recovery plan which revolves around rapid rehabilitation of infrastructure, establishment of an investor-friendly environment, vigorous promotion of agriculture and agro-allied industries through the public-private partnership template, growing IGR and sustained improvement in the supply of skilled manpower based on the vocational education project and partnerships. He added that for the plans to stand the test of time, there is a need to embrace the currents of time and global best practices by diversifying and keying into the digital age in all ramifications. Budget defence: Sen Barau kicks against closed-door session FG commences irrigation expansion in Gombe #JusticeForOchanya: Group asks IGP to declare alleged rapist… Bayelsa people not used to transparent election ― Oshiomhole ALSO READ:Total E&P charges students to shun drugs, embrace good reading habits The Governor enjoined people of the state to consider the discovery of oil in the state, as an opportunity to further demonstrate their undiluted belief in the Nigerian project, and to cooperate with both Federal Government officials and representatives of the NNPC and other organisations involved in the historical endeavour. He assured the Management of the NNPC that the Government and people of Bauchi State will collaborate with the corporation and all agencies involved in the noble enterprise to spare no effort, turn every stone and break every ground until the oil flows through the wells and pipelines into the refineries. The Governor also said that he considers the development as a blessing and a privilege as the epochal development is taking place during his tenure, assuring that he will personally put all necessary supportive mechanisms in place, to fast track the process of exploration and drilling. The Governor who confidently look forward to the discovery of more and richer oil wells by NNPC’s ‘Ikenga’ Drilling Machine expressed confidence that it will make the entire venture commercially viable. He also acknowledged the sacrifices so far made by those who initiated the project which he said placed the ball in the right position for President Muhammadu Buhari to score the Goal. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM....