One of the great helpers for every football fan is a resource you can trust. Flashscore football is one of them. Here you will find all the current information about all possible matches. As we know, Barcelona is quite content with the performance of their new goalkeeper Marc-Andréter Stegen this season. The management of the team wants to reward the 27-year-old player for his good game and intend to extend the contract with him in the near future. ALSO READ: NUPENG trains 2,500 tanker drivers for efficient fuel distribution Ter Stegen moved to Barcelona in 2014, and before that, he played for Borussia Monchengladbach for three years. Since 2012, the player has been playing for the German national team. The current agreement between the Catalans and the German goalkeeper was signed in 2017 and will be expired in summer of 2022. This season, Ter Stegen took part in eight matches of the Spanish Primera. Also, Barcelona owes Bordeaux € 30.3 million for the deal of the Brazilian striker Malcolm, who is playing for Zenit now. The forward joined the Catalan club in 2018 for € 41 million. Here are some interesting facts about this player: NPC set to unravel causes of infant death in Nigeria Insecurity: Nigerian Navy demands for additional vessels LASU holds 3rd distinguished lecture series Attacks on Nigerian businesses in South Africa criminal, not… Liverpool FC fixtures just for you If you are especially interested in British football, you can view Liverpool FC fixtures on a modern and convenient platform. Josep Guardiola, the head coach of Manchester City, shared his thoughts on the gap between his team and Liverpool and their struggle for victory in the English Premier League after losing to Wolverhampton in the 8th round. This gap in the championship table is 8 points right now. He says that there are still many matches ahead and that they lost to a good and well-organized team that was clearly stronger and willing to fight. In the match against Wolves, Manchester City didn’t play at their usual level. Previous meetings were better, but the season is long, and a lot of things can change. Paul Merson, a football expert and a former Arsenal player has expressed an opinion that Liverpool won’t be able to spend the current season of the English Premier League without defeats. Previously, the “Gunners” had managed to achieve such a result in the 2003/2004 season. Nevertheless, Liverpool continues to move forward without stopping and everything is possible. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!