With Ekiti state being a case study, a coalition of non-governmental agencies in Oyo state has urged the state government to open a public register for child sexual abuse offenders. The groups under the auspices of Mediation Conciliation and Human Right Centre (MCHRC) and Child Growth Concern Initiative (CGCI), made this call at a press conference, held in Ibadan, to commemorate this year’s International Day of the girl child. This is as they called for the establishment and full operation of family court in the state and use of capital punishment to deal with child sexual abuse offenders. In his address, Founder, MCHRC, Mr Kehinde Akinyemi also called for full implementation of the child rights law in the state and the establishment of child support and rapid response centre. Specifically, Akinyemi argued that the naming and shaming of paedophiles, using a public register, and application of capital punishment will serve as a deterrent to child sexual abuse offenders. Oyo APC berates Makinde, Speaker over controversial N7.6b… I don’t own a single share in KAEDCO ― Namadi Sambo NNPC seals $2.5bn gas supply deal with NLNG Lagos conducts screening exercise for intending christian… While calling on the Governor Seyi Makinde led the government to see to the establishment of the girl child support and rapid response centre, Akinyemi also charged the government to focus on finding lasting solutions to child sexual abuse and out-of-school children in the state. ALSO READ: AG calls for reduction on cost of governance in Nasarawa Expressing concern at the number of out-of-school children, Akinyemi avowed support for the resolve of the state government to reintegrate and rehabilitate the estimated 400,000 children that are out of school in the state. To stem the out-of-school children menace, Akinyemi assured that NGOs was seeking legislation to criminalise parental neglect and  negative attitude towards child sexual abuse. In addition, Akinyemi said the NGOs were keen on collaboration with the state government towards the establishment of child abuse advocacy and prevention club in primary and secondary schools in the state. This year’s commemoration of International Day of the girl child continues next Tuesday and Wednesday with sensitisation rally and seminar to advocate for zero tolerance against child sexual abuse and out of school children in Oyo state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!