State Organising Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Adamawa State, Alhaji Ahmed Lawal, has said that the recent U-turn made by the APC big shots especially from Northern Nigeria has vindicated his early stand for the rotational presidency to the South-West come 2023. Lawal made the declaration while speaking to newsmen in Jalingo. He commended those APC big wigs and some notable northern politicians who initially opposed his stand on power shift for their recent adoption of the arrangement as the indispensable means of political stabilisation mechanism for Nigeria. He called on other regions to key into the movement, adding that the movement will re-engineer power rotation which hitherto had been neglected in the nation’s power distribution formula. ALSO READ: Kogi PDP mega rally: A red card for Yahaya Bello ― PDP The APC chieftain announced that plans were on the way to formally launch the movement towards galvanising support or powershift to the South-West part of the country. Buhari’s election: Legal fireworks resume at Supreme… Three million young Nigerians held in sexual labour, slavery… CBN to spend N100bn on textile industry revival You cannot escape justice at Supreme Court ― PDP tells APC Lawal added that the idea was aimed at rewarding sustainable loyalty and support to the party, adding that the philosophy would serve as a yardstick for power distribution in Nigeria. “Initially, I was opposed and insulted by some notable northern politicians but am happy that these very opponents of our movement today have had a rethink and changed their stand on the power rotation ideology. “We are calling on all well-meaning Nigerians and party members across all regions to support power rotation to South-West. “This will serve as a mark of reward for sustainable support and loyalty to the party and will henceforth, serve as a yardstick for power distribution in Nigeria. “You can see how the South-West supported our party to succeed in both the 2015 and 2019 general elections. “Today it’s our turn to support them too. It doesn’t mean that other regions did not contribute to the party’s victory but theirs was quite tremendous. “It is a common knowledge that even the North-East had been compensated with Senate Presidency and SGF due to their tremendous support to the party, so people must learn to be patient and give support to others so that others will support you too in your dare need, Lawal emphasised. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!