Maverick entertainer and activist, Charles Oputa, popularly known as ‘Charly Boy’, is set to perform at the 2019 annual Felabration fiesta, a week-long celebration of the life and times Fela Anikulapo-Kuti. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the event is holding from Oct. 14 to 20, at the New Afrika Shrine in Lagos, with both local and international artistes slated to perform. In a video shared on his social media page on Tuesday, Charly Boy said he was set to perform alongside other artistes at the grand-finale of the fiesta. According to the 68-year-old showbiz maestro, who released his debut highlife album over three decades ago and recently returned to the stage, hi-performance was in the spirit of immortalising Fela’s ideas. The former president of the Performing Musicians Association of Nigeria (PMAN) said he will present his latest songs at the show. ALSO READ: Danny S shoots Ege video with Unlimited LA He said: “Make a date with me, alongside other great Nigerian artistes on Sunday, Oct. 20, as we all gather together to give honour to whom honour is due, the legendary baba Fela Anikulapo-Kuti. “Come listen to my new tunes as we all gather if we can find a cure to our mumu.” Wizkid, 2baba, others hit Dubai with One Africa Music Fest I’m not living my best life ― Don Jazzy Ali Baba, Seyi Law decry sponsorship challenges Low budget hindering growth of Nigerian movies production —… Charly Boy had earlier told NAN that he has decided to use music as a tool to inspire ordinary Nigerians, especially youths, to realise that power truly belongs to them. He explained that he was leading advocacy and enlightenment campaign on the “Social Contract’’ to Nigerians across all backgrounds. “Music has been my age-long passion, and this time I am using it to awake the consciousness of all Nigerians, no matter where they are, towards building the country they desire.” ALSO READ: Veteran, Dede Mabiaku kicks over Fela Kuti, Naira Marley comparison NAN also reports that Felabration was founded by Fela Anikulapo’s daughter, Yeni Kuti, as an annual festival to honour and celebrate the ideals that the late founder of Afrobeats music and socio-political activist lived for. This year’s edition tagged “From Lagos with Love”, opened on Monday at Neca Hall with a talk show on the topic, ‘Teacher don’t teach me nonsense’. The panel included Ugandan singer and politician, Bobi Wine, Chimamanda Ngozi-Adichie, Prof. Wole Soyinka, and British rapper, Akala. The first day also had electrifying performances from promising Nigerian singers, including Fuji singer, Remi Aluko, singer Dotman, Trod, Picazo Rhap and Yomi Blaize. Fast-rising versatile singer Zinoleesky, popularly called the ‘show killer’, also performed at the opening day. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!