The Joint Health Sector Unions (JOHESU), Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH) Teaching Hospital Osogbo chapter, on Monday urged both Oyo and Osun State governments to close ranks by finding a lasting solution to the crisis rocking the institution. Both Oyo and Osun have been at loggerhead over the financial management of LAUTECH, Ogbomoso and its teaching hospital in Osogbo for the past few months. Addressing a press conference at LAUTECH Teaching Hospital, Osogbo, JOHESU maintained that the owner states should consider the interest of students, workers, and patients in both the university and hospital in resolving their disputes on the funding of the institution. Both the chairman of JOHESU, LAUTECH chapter and his secretary, Comrade M.A Morenikeji and Comrade Kehinde Onisade respectively implored Oyo and Osun states to explore dialogue in addressing their differences. They lamented that prolonged ownership tussle between the states has culminated in the unstable smooth running of the LAUTECH, Ogbomoso and its Teaching Hospital, Osogbo due to haphazard financing. ALSO READ: LAUTECH: Oyo NMA declares 3-day warning strike M.D School embarks on 2019 community project Ex-ambassador to Philippines Farounbi lauds Bowen… JAMB CBT: NYSC to train 500 students in Enugu GCI Alumni to mark 90th anniversary with 300m hostel It noted that “edict establishing LAUTECH stated that the university shall be established in Ogbomoso, while the Teaching Hospital and College of Health Sciences in Osogbo and that any other Teaching Hospital established in the name of LAUTECH apart from the one situated in Osogbo is unknown to law. They commended the Osun State government for being fair and committed to the joint ownership as staff members of the hospital comprises of both states without any form of discrimination and intimidation. Similarly, they also lauded  Osun State government for being solely responsible for the financial obligations of LAUTECH Teaching Hospital in Osogbo which includes emoluments of staff, capital projects, payment of salaries and infrastructural development. “Prior to the crisis which commenced in 2010, the Teaching Hospital has always benefited adequately from the sponsorship of both state governments.” JOHESU appealed to royal fathers, members of the public, pressure groups and opinion leaders to intervene towards achieving a permanent resolution to the crisis. The union also urged the state governments to discuss in order to determine if they want to continue with the joint ownership or go their separate ways in the interest of the masses. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!