As the Bauchi State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal resumes sitting on Monday, October 7th to deliver judgment on the state gubernatorial election petition, Bauchi State Police Command has warned politicians and their supporters against engaging in any activities that may lead to a breach of peace in the state. The warning was given by the Police Commissioner, Habu Sani Ahmadu following accusation and counter-accusation by the leading political parties in the petition, APC and PDP alleging moves to disrupt the peace no matter which way the judgement will go. The Police Commissioner while speaking to newsmen on Saturday declared that, “it is good that there are accusation and counter-accusation, this will enable the Police to effectively perform its constitutional duties of providing security to all irrespective of status, political affiliation and or position.” ALSO READ: APC campaign council condemns Wada’s violence on Kogites BREAKING: #Mercy, first female to win #BBNaija, goes home… TACSFON OAU Alumni holds 2019 reunion on campus FG to set legal framework to boost tourism, culture sector… Akiolu decries excessive greed amongst citizens, rat race… He added: “we will deploy our men to all strategic locations within the metropolis, we will give adequate cover to all the Tribunal officials particularly the Judges to and from the court so that they will be able to do their duties without any intimidation.” Habu Sani Ahmadu also warned miscreants and any other person who does not have anything official thing doing to steer clear of the Tribunal premises because according to him, “we will not hesitate to deal with anyone caught trying to cause a breach of peace in the state.” Both the APC which is the petitioner in the petition and the PDP which is the respondent have been trading accusation against each other on the alleged plans to cause a breach of the peace as soon as the judgement in the petition was delivered. It would be recalled that last Wednesday, Counsels to the parties gave and adopted their final addresses which made the Tribunal adjourn till Monday, October 7th for judgement in the petition brought by APC challenging the declaration of PDP and its gubernatorial candidate, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir as the winner of the gubernatorial election. How premature ejaculation  and small penis almost ruin my marriage and made my wife cheat on me, until my Abuja doctor recommend this powerful but simple solution that work wonder...DONT BE A VICTIM.... SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Here is how i overcome QUICK RELEASE and make it BIGGER, STRONGER And LONGER with this NAFDAC APPROVED NATURAL REMEDY. Click now!!