The ruling party in Kogi state, the All Progressives Congress(APC) has alleged that the main opposition party, the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) is plotting to instigate violence in Kogi State during and after the November governorship elections. The APC national publicity secretary, Mallam Lanre Isa-Onilu in a statement, on Monday evening, said the statement attributed to the PDP where it warned Kaduna state governor and chairman of APC campaign committee, Mallam Nasir El Rufai to steer clear of Kogi State was quite revealing of its plan for mayhem. The APC further claimed that the PDP was not engaged in any serious campaigns in Kogi and Bayelsa states but stockpiling arms ahead of the elections. The statement read in part:” The All Progressives Congress (APC) is alerting the security agencies to an orchestrated plot by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to unleash violence in the lead up to and during the November 16 governorship elections in Bayelsa and Kogi states. “Already, the PDP is creating an atmosphere of fear and stage-managed violence, while playing the victim so as to scare voters from coming out on Election Day to exercise their franchise. “It is instructive to note that violence has been the election-winning strategy for the PDP during its inglorious 16 years rule. The strategy started to fail them from 2015 and particularly in the 2019 elections. ALSO READ:  Nigeria to procure additional fighter helicopters from Russia ― Presidency “This strategy will fail again on November 16. Nigerian Army sensitizes Media Influencers, Journalists on… NAFEST back to home of culture after 40 years ― Obaseki NNPC operating revenue drops by N15.69bn in July Sanwo-Olu, BATN foundation laud farmers’ role in food… “We strongly call on security agencies to take seriously PDP’s recent threats to the Kaduna State Governor, Mallam Ahmed Nasir El-Rufai who is the Chairman of the APC Kogi State National Governorship Campaign Council, to “steer clear” of Kogi State during the electioneering period. “One asks, why has the PDP refused to embark on any major campaign in Bayelsa and Kogi states? They are clearly no planning for a credible electoral process. We have confirmed PDP’s grand plan to rather than campaign, compromise security agents and electoral personnel deployed for the governorship elections. “In Kogi, defeat stares PDP in the face and because they do not have an answer to Governor Yahaya Bello’s tremendous accomplishments, they have decided to create an atmosphere of fear, stage-manage violence and are typically getting ready to cause chaos on election day. “In Bayelsa, the centre has completely fallen apart for the PDP with the gale of the defection of many party stalwarts and senior appointees of the outgoing administration of Governor Seriake Dickson into the APC fold. The massive and post-partisan popularity of the APC candidate, Chief David Lyon is visible to the blind. “We have received reports of arms stockpiling and vote-buying plans by PDP elements in Bayelsa State. We have also confirmed reports showing plans are afoot to stage-manage violence to disrupt the election while blaming APC. “Currently, the APC campaign trains are rounding off ward and community levels campaign all across Kogi State. A formidable campaign council has been inaugurated by the National Working Committee (NWC) under the leadership of the Kaduna State Governor, Mallam El-Rufai. The council boasts of seven serving governors and several experienced political leaders of our party. “Similarly, the APC has set up a campaign council for the Bayelsa governorship election under the leadership of the Jigawa State Governor, Mohammed Badaru with several serving governors as members. This is in demonstration of our desire to win the election by securing majority votes in both states under free and fair elections. We must collectively resist PDP’s plot to rubbish the successes we have recorded in the conduct of credible elections since 2015. We urge the electorate to defend their votes to ensure progressive leadership in the states.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!