Worried by news of alleged impeachment of the deputy governor of Kogi state, Simon Achuba, the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) has cautioned the state governor, Yahaya Bello and the state House of Assembly to avoid any action that may pose a threat to the peace and security of the State. The NBA, in a statement by its national publicity Secretary, Kunle Edun said any action to be taken by interested parties in the issue should be guided by dictates of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and in adherence to the rule of law. The statement reads in part, “The news media (mainstream and social media) are replete with the news of the alleged impeachment of the Deputy Governor of Kogi State of Nigeria, Simon Achuba by the Kogi State House of Assembly. “Available information indicates that the Honorable Chief Judge of Kogi State, in the exercise of his constitutional powers and pursuant to a Resolution of the Kogi State House of Assembly, constituted a 7- man panel, chaired by Mr John Baiyeshea (SAN) to investigate the allegations of misconduct against the Deputy Governor of Kogi State. “The said Investigation Panel has since submitted its report to the Kogi State House of Assembly, finding the Deputy Governor not guilty and cleared him of all the allegations made against him. ALSO READ: Shi’ites give condition for dialogue with government Abaribe condemns purported impeachment of Kogi deputy… Breast cancer survivor advocates more enlightenment on the… FG must expedite action on review of border closure ― Hon.… Unilorin VC allays fear of joining mainstream ASUU “Section 188(8) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended) provides that, where the Panel reports to the House of Assembly that the allegations have not been proved, no further proceedings shall be taken in respect of the matter.” It further added that Section 1(1) of the said Constitution makes obedience to the provisions of the Constitution mandatory by providing that, “This Constitution is supreme and its provisions shall have binding force on all authorities and persons throughout the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The NBA said, it is incumbent on all Nigerians, public officials and public institutions to ensure full compliance and adherence to the provisions of the Constitution. The association enjoined Governor Yahaya Bello and the members of the Kogi State House of Assembly not to deviate from the spirit and essence of the Oath of Allegiance (the 7th Schedule to the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria) wherein they all swore to exercise absolute loyalty and adherence to the provisions of the Constitution. In view of the salient constitutional provisions above-cited, the NBA noted that, it becomes worrying that steps are being reported to have been taken or about to be taken by the Kogi State House of Assembly to screen a successor to succeed Simon Achuba, preparatory to swearing the new person in as the next Deputy Governor of Kogi State. “The NBA views these events with great concerns and urges all parties to exercise great caution”, the statement noted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! FINALLY REVEALED! ''After Many Months Of Research, Woman Finally Discovered What Top Men Use TO Last During 'S*X' Like a 23 Year Old in Bed Click Here To Read More !!!!